I will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends at 8:00 A.M . Enjoy !
MAGA ! https : //t.co/jFf5ONASlv
Thank you Kanye , very cool ! https : //t.co/vRIC87M21X
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Democrats are obstructing good ( hopefully great ) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our…
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple . We will be talking about many things , including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years , by many countries , on trade .
. @ FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @ EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte . Every detail was done to perfection . The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful , and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did .
Busy day planned . Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today . This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done ... he will be GREAT !
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat . Debbie will do a Great Job ! Press is so silent .
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history , culture , and destiny . We are people who cherish our values , protect our civilization , and recognize the image of God in every human soul . https : //t.co/01c8iSGDB3
Today , @ FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @ EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @ WhiteHouse . We look forward to hosting them at tonight 's State Dinner , in their honor . https : //t.co/wGJcWqSzyP
. @ JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions , Illegal Immigration , the Border and Crime . I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio , and has my full endorsement !
“ President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship ‘ Unbreakable. ’ History Shows He ’ s Right. ” https : //t.co/L0gT4rvaJO
Arizona , please get out today and vote @ DebbieLesko for Congress in # AZ08 . Strong on Border , Immigration and Crime . Great on the Military . Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today . We need Debbie in Congress !
Americans stand with you and all of Canada , Prime Minister @ JustinTrudeau . Our thoughts and prayers are with you all . # TorontoStrong https : //t.co/Xo3Cn962z8
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend , President @ EmmanuelMacron of France . We are in the midst of meetings on Iran , Syria and Trade . We will be holding a joint press conference shortly , here at the @ WhiteHouse . 🇺🇸🇫🇷 https : //t.co/ju1FXhgjaD
RT @ mike_pence : PROUD to support our friend @ VoteMarsha for US Senate representing Tennessee . Marsha Blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ…
Here ’ s a great stat - since January 2017 , the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million . The American people are finally back to work !
Mexico , whose laws on immigration are very tough , must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement . Our Country can not accept what is happening ! Also , we must get Wall funding fast .
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided , I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country . It is a disgrace . We are the only Country in the World so naive ! WALL
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State . The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people , including the Ambassador to Germany . They are maxing out the time on approval process for all , never happened before . Need more Republicans !
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff ’ s Office . They keep us safe and are very cool about it ! https : //t.co/NlhxpPwmzT
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said , after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos , “ you got to ask , what was the purpose of the Special Counsel ? There ’ s no there there. ” Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought !
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn ’ t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal !
A complete Witch Hunt !
“ I can die happy now with Trump Job performance , ” stated Mary Matalin . “ A great overall President , stunning ! ” Thank you Mary .
... .We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea , maybe things will work out , and maybe they won ’ t - only time will tell ... .But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago !
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea , and they have given up nothing . Wow , we haven ’ t given up anything & amp ; they have agreed to denuclearization ( so great for World ) , site closure , & amp ; no more testing !
“ GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton. ” @ FoxNews Good luck with that request !
“ At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information. ” Wall Street Journal
RT @ dmartosko : The same can be said of the `` collusion '' stuff . https : //t.co/xMCVuH3OTs
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “ Mr . Magoo ” and Rod Rosenstein as “ Mr . Peepers. ” This is “ according to people with whom the president has spoken. ” There are no such people and don ’ t know these characters ... just more Fake & amp ; Disgusting News to create ill will !
James Comey ’ s Memos are Classified , I did not Declassify them . They belong to our Government ! Therefore , he broke the law ! Additionally , he totally made up many of the things he said I said , and he is already a proven liar and leaker . Where are Memos on Clinton , Lynch & amp ; others ?
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson . His trials and tribulations were great , his life complex and controversial . Others have looked at this over the years , most thought it would be done , but yes , I am considering a Full Pardon !
So funny , the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning . Now he R ’ s counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material , including Servers and Emails !
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush . First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects . Will be a beautiful day !
Today , my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family . In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush , there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/AuJ3RLZyax
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West , Florida . Thank you ! https : //t.co/HqOUFgmbQS
Join me in Washington , Michigan on Saturday , April 28 , 2018 at 7:00pm ! # MAGA Tickets : https : //t.co/DISosdqBuu https : //t.co/gHdTgHw5FU
... .it means lying or making up stories . Sorry , I don ’ t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media !
... .non-existent “ sources ” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael , a fine person with a wonderful family . Michael is a businessman for his own account/lawyer who I have always liked & amp ; respected . Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble , even if ... .
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman , known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don ’ t speak to and have nothing to do with , are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will “ flip. ” They use ... .
A message from Kim Jong Un : “ North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles . ”
Also will “ Shut down a nuclear test site in the country ’ s Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests. ” Progress being made for all !
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council ? Therefore , the Special Council was established based on an illegal act ? Really , does everybody know what that means ?
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats . This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI , the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails .
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site . This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress ! Look forward to our Summit .
Can you believe that despite 93 % bad stories from the Fake News Media ( should be getting good stories ) , today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers , including those on Election Day ? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press . Make America Great Again !
Looks like OPEC is at it again . With record amounts of Oil all over the place , including the fully loaded ships at sea , Oil prices are artificially Very High ! No good and will not be accepted !
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans ... got not one Democrat Vote ! Here ’ s a choice . They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially . Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts !
So exciting ! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis , Maryland . Looking forward to being there .
So General Michael Flynn ’ s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book ( that should never have been written ) . Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work ? I don ’ t think so !
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION . Also , he leaked classified information . WOW ! Will the Witch Hunt continue ?
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “ under the bus. ” Inspector General ’ s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them ! Getting a little ( lot ) of their own medicine ?
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States , making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed . We are doing a great job of law enforcement , but things such as this make safety in America difficult !
My thoughts , prayers and condolences are with the families , friends and colleagues of the two @ GCSOFlorida deputies ( HEROES ) who lost their lives in the line of duty today .
Mike Pompeo is outstanding . First in his class at West Point . A top student at Harvard Law School . A success at whatever he has done . We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP . He will be a great Secretary of State !
... Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors , Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved . The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country !
Democrats are obstructing good ( hopefully great ) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government , hence , the American People . They are “ slow walking ” all of my nominations - hundreds of people . At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals !
. @ MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her . Great on the Military , Border Security and Crime . Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee . She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her !
THANK YOU # JIATFSouth , @ Norad_Northcom , @ southcomwatch and @ DHSgov . Keep up the GREAT work ! https : //t.co/3v2uG6Jp1T
Just arrived @ NASKeyWest ! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South , NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM . https : //t.co/r906IXnBcG
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “ up to 400 National Guard Troops ” to do nothing . The crime rate in California is high enough , and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Brown ’ s charade . We need border security and action , not words !
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California 's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary ' policies . California 's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities , putting all Americans at risk .
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan , who has just left Florida . Talked in depth about North Korea , Military and Trade . Good things will happen !
It was my great honor to host my friend @ JPN_PMO @ AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days . Lots accomplished , thank you ! # Success🇺🇸🇯🇵 https : //t.co/2NnItfwfBl
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS Trump thanks Prime Minister @ AbeShinzo for his support , discusses U.S.-Japan cooperation on # NorthKorea , defense , an…
Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon ! https : //t.co/ywU2CEih8b
Prime Minister @ AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club . https : //t.co/YqU7pHiFoU
Best wishes to Prime Minister @ Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence . We have no better friends anywhere . Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month !
Slippery James Comey , the worst FBI Director in history , was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where , by the way , there was NO COLLUSION ( except by the Dems ) !
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week . Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed . Details of Summit are being worked out now . Denuclearization will be a great thing for World , but also for North Korea !
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man . A total con job , playing the Fake News Media for Fools ( but they know it ) ! https : //t.co/9Is7mHBFda
There is a Revolution going on in California . Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous , crime infested & amp ; breeding concept . Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border , but the people of the State are not happy . Want Security & amp ; Safety NOW !
RT @ AbeShinzo : フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。
「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」
トランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ…
RT @ IvankaTrump : This year ’ s # TaxDay is the last time you ’ ll have to file your taxes through an outdated , broken system . # BYE-BYE https : //t…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers . Very unfair to tr…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today ’ s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens , i…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : ... .Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f…
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP , I don ’ t like the deal for the United States . Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesn ’ t work . Bilateral deals are far more efficient , profitable and better for OUR workers . Look how bad WTO is to U.S .
Pastor Andrew Brunson , a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States , is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason . They call him a Spy , but I am more a Spy than he is . Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs !
It is my great honor to host @ JPN_PMO @ AbeShinzo ! https : //t.co/QxMpCGRycF
. @ FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush : https : //t.co/4OW72iddQx
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers . Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores !
RT @ IvankaTrump : Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin & amp ; former Governor Sununu in Derry , NH on # TaxDay to highlight the tremendous benefits o…
RT @ FoxBusiness : WATCH LIVE : @ IvankaTrump and @ stevenmnuchin1 host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire . ( Courtesy : WBZ ) https : //t.co/C3zr…
... .Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society . Keep America Safe !
Today ’ s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens , including aggravated felons . This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by ... .
Welcome Prime Minister Abe ! https : //t.co/538EYyfWDq
Rasmussen just came out at 51 % Approval despite the Fake News Media . They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day . Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC News/Washington Post , and they haven ’ t changed ( get new pollsters ) . Much of the media is a Scam !
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan , a truly fine gentleman !
RT @ NFIB : Our Optimism Index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5 % of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…
RT @ VP : Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS , today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated & amp ; outdated…
RT @ RepKevinBrady : Starting next year , you will be able to file under the new tax law , which means MORE money in your pocket – all without…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Syrian President Bashar al-Assad ’ s April 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law , the Chemical Weapons Co…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Out with the old , in with the new : tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ⬇️
https : //t.co/eEHFWkG8xm
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump 's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all . https : //t.co/kcTsLNN1Uu
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill . Everyone is talking , really nice to see !
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border . He can not come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border . The high crime rate will only get higher . Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started !
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan . Working on Trade and Military Security .
Employment is up , Taxes are DOWN . Enjoy !
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Crumbs are still coming . # MAGA
https : //t.co/JFZL6czboZ
RT @ WaysandMeansGOP : Tomorrow is # TaxDay and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old , broken code . Check…
RT @ IvankaTrump : Looking forward to traveling to Manchester , NH tomorrow with Sec @ stevenmnuchin1 to celebrate the last # TaxDay under the o…
RT @ GOP : Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Comey ’ s misconduct once led both Republicans and Democrats to call for his firing . His reputation rehabilitation book to…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : We ’ re in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018 . Let ’ s defy history . # MAGA # LeadRight
https : //t.co/fo8g0pSjWQ
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates . Not acceptable !
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her ( lied in Congress to Senator G ) , then based his decisions on her poll numbers . Disgruntled , he , McCabe , and the others , committed many crimes !
Just hit 50 % in the Rasmussen Poll , much higher than President Obama at same point . With all of the phony stories and Fake News , it ’ s hard to believe ! Thank you America , we are doing Great Things .
Slippery James Comey , a man who always ends up badly and out of whack ( he is not smart ! ) , will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history , by far !
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past . I have many ( too many ! ) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices , and even homes , are going to be raided with everything , including their phones and computers , taken . All lawyers are deflated and concerned !
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty . I hardly even knew this guy . Just another of his many lies . His “ memos ” are self serving and FAKE !
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out , with such precision , that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term “ Mission Accomplished. ” I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term , it should be brought back . Use often !
Comey throws AG Lynch “ under the bus ! ” Why can ’ t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch ? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat , or AG , in order to lay off Hillary . No golf and grandkids talk ( give us all a break ) !
The big questions in Comey ’ s badly reviewed book aren ’ t answered like , how come he gave up Classified Information ( jail ) , why did he lie to Congress ( jail ) , why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI ( why didn ’ t they TAKE it ) , why the phony memos , McCabe ’ s $ 700,000 & amp ; more ?
Unbelievably , James Comey states that Polls , where Crooked Hillary was leading , were a factor in the handling ( stupidly ) of the Clinton Email probe . In other words , he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win , and he wanted a job . Slimeball !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : So proud of our great Military which will soon be , after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars , the fines…
RT @ nikkihaley : https : //t.co/oO3wIKolMy
So proud of our great Military which will soon be , after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars , the finest that our Country has ever had . There won ’ t be anything , or anyone , even close !
A perfectly executed strike last night . Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military . Could not have had a better result . Mission Accomplished !
https : //t.co/6VLQYAlcto
DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster . He LIED ! LIED ! LIED ! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey ! ! No collusion , all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes !
We are bringing back our factories , we are bringing back our jobs , and we are bringing back those four beautiful words : MADE IN THE USA ! https : //t.co/grABSrYUBX
... .untruthful slime ball who was , as time has proven , a terrible Director of the FBI . His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case , and the events surrounding it , will go down as one of the worst “ botch jobs ” of history . It was my great honor to fire James Comey !
James Comey is a proven LEAKER & amp ; LIAR . Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was , in fact , fired . He leaked CLASSIFIED information , for which he should be prosecuted . He lied to Congress under OATH . He is a weak and ... ..
Tremendous pressure is building , like never before , for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities . Started the Wall in San Diego , where the people were pushing really hard to get it . They will soon be protected !
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres . Obama . We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP , and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those nations , Japan , who has hit us hard on trade for years !
America ’ s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK . We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity , purpose and pride . AMERICAN SPIRIT is back ! # TaxCuts https : //t.co/oSGZe0irBf
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today ! This event is dedicated to YOU : the hardworking Americans who make this nation run . You love your country , you provide for your family , you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG ! # TaxCuts https : //t.co/RwaLpCRPh5
I have agreed with the historically cooperative , disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller ( Unlike the Clintons ! ) . I have full confidence in Ty Cobb , my Special Counsel , and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process .
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust . With each passing year , our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge # NeverAgain . # HolocaustRemembranceDay https : //t.co/tyga4VtjLT
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today . He will be a great Secretary of State !
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place . Could be very soon or not so soon at all ! In any event , the United States , under my Administration , has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS . Where is our “ Thank you America ? ”
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border . Thank you Jerry , good move for the safety of our Country !
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December , as reported by the Failing New York Times , I would have fired him . Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper !
Big show tonight on @ seanhannity ! 9:00 P.M. on @ FoxNews
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @ WhiteHouse this evening . Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/b9z5Nfdkcl
“ Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform ” https : //t.co/LQlACDDLug
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS Trump at Signing of # FOSTA # SESTA bill : We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…
The @ WhiteHouse is partnering with @ Interior and @ NatlParkService to bring the @ NSCsafety 's “ Prescribed to Death ” Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow , April 12th to April 18th . More information : https : //t.co/z4FPQxt4Bl https : //t.co/XvScPqvAkQ
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man , and while he will not be seeking re-election , he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question . We are with you Paul !
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake & amp ; Corrupt Russia Investigation , headed up by the all Democrat loyalists , or people that worked for Obama . Mueller is most conflicted of all ( except Rosenstein who signed FISA & amp ; Comey letter ) . No Collusion , so they go crazy !
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been , and that includes the Cold War . There is no reason for this . Russia needs us to help with their economy , something that would be very easy to do , and we need all nations to work together . Stop the arms race ?
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria . Get ready Russia , because they will be coming , nice and new and “ smart ! ” You shouldn ’ t be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it !
... .doing things that nobody thought possible , despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation , which takes tremendous time and focus . No Collusion or Obstruction ( other than I fight back ) , so now they do the Unthinkable , and RAID a lawyers office for information ! BAD !
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House . Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China , the coming North Korea meeting and , of course , the vicious gas attack in Syria . Feels great to have Bolton & amp ; Larry K on board . I ( we ) are
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story . It was political pundit Doug Schoen , not a Ukrainian businessman , who asked me to do a short speech by phone ( Skype ) , hosted by Doug , in Ukraine . I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia C story !
Today , it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion , Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House . Congratulations ! # RollTide
https : //t.co/hF5EZHlSVS https : //t.co/JfGue4IIs1
Very thankful for President Xi of China ’ s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers ... also , his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers . We will make great progress together !
Last night , it was my great honor to host America ’ s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House . America ’ s military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world . They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform ! https : //t.co/BjWKcMX0iL
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT ! ! !
Attorney–client privilege is dead !
Great @ Cabinet meeting at the @ WhiteHouse this morning ! https : //t.co/kzmfovwUeb https : //t.co/7AgbwbFNuw
The Democrats are not doing what ’ s right for our country . I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law ! https : //t.co/zKGgPlaadS
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons . # Syria https : //t.co/qiEahlL3Ah
When a car is sent to the United States from China , there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2 % . When a car is sent to China from the United States , there is a Tariff to be paid of 25 % . Does that sound like free or fair trade . No , it sounds like STUPID TRADE - going on for years !
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win ! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago , people saw his great talent , and a bright future ahead . Now he is the Masters Champion !
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand , the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago ! Animal Assad would have been history !
... .to pay . Open area immediately for medical help and verification . Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever . SICK !
Many dead , including women and children , in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria . Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army , making it completely inaccessible to outside world . President Putin , Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad . Big price ...
President Xi and I will always be friends , no matter what happens with our dispute on trade . China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do . Taxes will become Reciprocal & amp ; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property . Great future for both countries !
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact . Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting . Always quoting sources ( not names ) , many of which don ’ t exist . Story on John Kelly isn ’ t true , just another hit job !
“ The FBI closed the case on Hillary , which was a rigged investigation . They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her , they never even put her under oath ... .. ” and much more . So true Jesse ! @ WattersWorld
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor , Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA . Record clean Air & amp ; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars . Rent was about market rate , travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job !
Fire at Trump Tower is out . Very confined ( well built building ) . Firemen ( and women ) did a great job . THANK YOU !
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide ? Why aren ’ t they giving the strongly requested documents ( unredacted ) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE ? Stalling , but for what reason ? Not looking good !
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse , FBI , Comey , Lynch , McCabe , Clinton Emails and much more . Slow walking - what is going on ? BAD !
We are sealing up our Southern Border . The people of our great country want Safety and Security . The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue !
The United States hasn ’ t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years . They must end unfair trade , take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs . The U.S. is losing $ 500 Billion a year , and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades . Can not continue !
Just spoke to @ JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy . May God be with them all !
Congratulations to @ bernieandsid on their new @ 77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City . It was an honor to join you two – good luck ! https : //t.co/sulTcRp3IC
“ BET founder : Trump 's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force ” https : //t.co/TtMDfi4bv0
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS ! https : //t.co/5jxdojPZmN
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt , who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege ? Do people really believe this stuff ? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt !
China , which is a great economic power , is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization . They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages , especially over the U.S . Does anybody think this is fair . We were badly represented . The WTO is unfair to U.S .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We are not in a trade war with China , that war was lost many years ago by the foolish , or incompetent , people who repr…
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs , Aluminum prices are DOWN 4 % . People are surprised , I ’ m not ! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs , Jobs , Jobs !
Thank you @ WVGovernor Jim Justice . It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today ! # MAGA https : //t.co/IwPuQNadMM
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS , America is open for business , and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages , salaries and bonuses ! https : //t.co/0u3dpLJiV2
The Fake News Washington Post , Amazon ’ s “ chief lobbyist , ” has another ( of many ) phony headlines , “ Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties. ” WRONG ! Should read , “ Trump Defiant as U.S . Adds Trade Penalties , Will End Barriers And Massive I.P . Theft. ” Typically bad reporting !
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border . Because of the Trump Administrations actions , Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low . Stop drugs !
“ Still Rising : Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent ” https : //t.co/q80PaE0gQo
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination . Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. King ’ s legacy of justice and peace , and his impact on uniting Americans . # MLK50 Proclamation : https : //t.co/XXtPO0VX5A https : //t.co/SH0esMSyMT
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterday ’ s Southern California helicopter crash . We pray for their families , and our great @ USMC .
When you ’ re already $ 500 Billion DOWN , you can ’ t lose !
We are not in a trade war with China , that war was lost many years ago by the foolish , or incompetent , people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $ 500 Billion a year , with Intellectual Property Theft of another $ 300 Billion . We can not let this continue !
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico & amp ; Canada are very strong . Congress must change these Obama era , and other , laws NOW ! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked ... .CRIME ! We will be taking strong action today .
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube ’ s HQ in San Bruno , California . Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved . Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene .
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER ! https : //t.co/Z7fqQKcnez
Today , it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @ KerstiKaljulaid , Lithuania President @ Grybauskaite_LT , and Latvia President @ Vejonis to the @ WhiteHouse . Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence ! # BalticSummit : https : //t.co/XAchZ3zUSe https : //t.co/RRftyTGEvb
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy . Amazon should pay these costs ( plus ) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer . Many billions of dollars . P.O . leaders don ’ t have a clue ( or do they ? ) !
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling . Just hit 50 % , which is higher than Cheatin ’ Obama at the same time in his Administration .
Check out the fact that you can ’ t get a job at ratings challenged @ CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump ? Little Jeff Zuker , whose job is in jeopardy , is not having much fun lately . They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting !
The big Caravan of People from Honduras , now coming across Mexico and heading to our “ Weak Laws ” Border , had better be stopped before it gets there . Cash cow NAFTA is in play , as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen . Congress MUST ACT NOW !
The Fake News Networks , those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA , are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast . The “ Fakers ” at CNN , NBC , ABC & amp ; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction !
# AutismAwarenessDay # LightItUpBlue https : //t.co/JAzSE6yEes
“ President Trump 's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday , which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama 's score at the same point into his first term , according to a new poll. ” Via : @ Anna_Giaritelli @ DCExaminer https : //t.co/ZzycNoDCQJ
39 % of my nominations , including Diplomats to foreign lands , have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay . At this rate , it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working . Never happened before . Disgraceful !
Honduras , Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to , sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES . Caravans are heading here . Must pass tough laws and build the WALL . Democrats allow open borders , drugs and crime !
As ridiculous as it sounds , the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from . A whole big wasted procedure must take place . Mexico & amp ; Canada have tough immigration laws , whereas ours are an Obama joke . ACT CONGRESS
“ President Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2 , 2018 , World Autism Awareness Day ” https : //t.co/ECBCHfll0p
An honor to host the Annual @ WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll ! https : //t.co/bOMJRK8FyK
So sad that the Department of “ Justice ” and the FBI are slow walking , or even not giving , the unredacted documents requested by Congress . An embarrassment to our country !
Only fools , or worse , are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon . THEY LOSE A FORTUNE , and this will be changed . Also , our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country ... not a level playing field !
So funny to watch Fake News Networks , among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with , criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased . Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC , which is a total joke .
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA ... They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic . With all of the money they make from the U.S. , hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours , at least until Congress changes our immigration laws !
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn ’ t care or act , and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon ... No longer works . Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation . Democrats want No Borders , hence drugs and crime !
... Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation , use Nuclear Option if necessary , to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People . Border Patrol Agents ( and ICE ) are GREAT , but the weak Dem laws don ’ t allow them to do their job . Act now Congress , our country is being stolen !
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “ Caravans ” of people enter their country . They must stop them at their Northern Border , which they can do because their border laws work , not allow them to pass through into our country , which has no effective border laws ... ..
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA . They want in on the act !
Mexico is doing very little , if not NOTHING , at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border , and then into the U.S . They laugh at our dumb immigration laws . They must stop the big drug and people flows , or I will stop their cash cow , NAFTA . NEED WALL !
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal ( Democrat ) laws like Catch & amp ; Release . Getting more dangerous . “ Caravans ” coming . Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW . NO MORE DACA DEAL !
HAPPY EASTER !
Governor Jerry “ Moonbeam ” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include ( 1 ) Kidnapping and Robbery ( 2 ) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize ( 3 ) Dealing drugs . Is this really what the great people of California want ? @ FoxNews
... does not include the Fake Washington Post , which is used as a “ lobbyist ” and should so REGISTER . If the P.O . “ increased its parcel rates , Amazon ’ s shipping costs would rise by $ 2.6 Billion. ” This Post Office scam must stop . Amazon must pay real costs ( and taxes ) now !
While we are on the subject , it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $ 1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon . That amounts to Billions of Dollars . The Failing N.Y. Times reports that “ the size of the company ’ s lobbying staff has ballooned , ” and that ...
https : //t.co/UM3YJ6lUiD
Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair . No more ! It 's time to REBUILD , and we will do it with American WORKERS , American GRIT , and American PRIDE ! https : //t.co/Q9rPZi2D2s
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low . Together , we are making the economy great again ! https : //t.co/pN2TE5HDQm
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure , and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio . A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site , where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined ! https : //t.co/bU3KS62c0x
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election . Unlike others , they pay little or no taxes to state & amp ; local governments , use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy ( causing tremendous loss to the U.S. ) , and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business !
... .In the interim , Hon . Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary . I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkin ’ s service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS !
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson , MD , as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs ... .
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL ! https : //t.co/pmCNoxxlkH
... .release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State . All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders .
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California 's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies . California 's Sanctuary laws ... .
. @ USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS ! A great deal for American and Korean workers . Let ’ s now focus on our important security relationship .
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me . In the meantime , and unfortunately , maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost !
For years and through many administrations , everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility . Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity . Look forward to our meeting !
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED ! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen , and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens , NO WAY . We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court !
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President 's Park in April . I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic . We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis ! https : //t.co/ZM7AYJyECr
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Because of the $ 700 & amp ; $ 716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military , many jobs are created and our Military is a…
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that , for many years , have not treated the United States fairly . In the end , all will be happy !
Great news ! # MAGA https : //t.co/mRQGRJkozC
So much Fake News . Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate . But through it all , our country is doing great !
The economy is looking really good . It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers . The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better .
. @ HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about . He was a great help . He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond . He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times . The book is called , “ What Really Happened. ” Enjoy ! # MAGA https : //t.co/jYhjpoJKHe
“ President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25 , 2018 , as Greek Independence Day : A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy ” https : //t.co/GwSJ2UK2xD https : //t.co/GltMwxINA2
Happy National # MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES . We love you ! https : //t.co/6euI31R4Gz
... .lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed ( if for no other reason than they can bill more ) , which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team . Besides , there was NO COLLUSION with Russia , except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems !
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case ... don ’ t believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on . Fame & amp ; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer , though some are conflicted . Problem is that a new ... ...
Much can be done with the $ 1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall . It is just a down payment . Work will start immediately . The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA , the Democrats abandoned you ( but we will not ) !
Because of the $ 700 & amp ; $ 716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military , many jobs are created and our Military is again rich . Building a great Border Wall , with drugs ( poison ) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country , is all about National Defense . Build WALL through M !
France honors a great hero . Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack . So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism . Even stronger measures needed , especially at borders !
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday , and we grieve the nation ’ s loss . We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support . We are with you @ EmmanuelMacron !
As a matter of National Security I 've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill . I say to Congress : I will NEVER sign another bill like this again . To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again , I 'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills ! https : //t.co/kYwMk5AE5k
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks . BAD IDEA . As I promised , today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period . We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns .
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill . 1:00 P.M .
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800,000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats ( not even mentioned in Bill ) and the BORDER WALL , which is desperately needed for our National Defense , is not fully funded .
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats . Very unfair to them ! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall .
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report . FINDINGS : ( 1 ) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign & amp ; Russia . ( 2 ) The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient . ( 3 ) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts .
I am pleased to announce that , effective 4/9/18 , @ AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor . I am very thankful for the service of General H.R . McMaster who has done an outstanding job & amp ; will always remain my friend . There will be an official contact handover on 4/9 .
My honor Charlie - thank you ! # MAGA https : //t.co/ZbXFxNVMLP
As a candidate , I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade , protect American workers , and defend our national security . Today , we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment . https : //t.co/7NBI0Dibmx https : //t.co/nmzqos3BUA
RT @ FLOTUS : Greetings from @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/mjuHFqglYz
Remember when they were saying , during the campaign , that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds , but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillary ’ s large and highly sophisticated staff . Well , not saying that anymore !
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy . Actually , he is weak , both mentally and physically , and yet he threatens me , for the second time , with physical assault . He doesn ’ t know me , but he would go down fast and hard , crying all the way . Don ’ t threaten people Joe !
Democrats refused to take care of DACA . Would have been so easy , but they just didn ’ t care . I had to fight for Military and start of Wall .
Got $ 1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border , rest will be forthcoming . Most importantly , got $ 700 Billion to rebuild our Military , $ 716 Billion next year ... most ever . Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment .
... ..They can help solve problems with North Korea , Syria , Ukraine , ISIS , Iran and even the coming Arms Race . Bush tried to get along , but didn ’ t have the “ smarts. ” Obama and Clinton tried , but didn ’ t have the energy or chemistry ( remember RESET ) . PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH !
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory ( in past , Obama called him also ) . The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him . They are wrong ! Getting along with Russia ( and others ) is a good thing , not a bad thing ... ... .
“ Special Council is told to find crimes , whether a crime exists or not . I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council . I am still opposed to it . I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because ... ..
... there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime , collusion or otherwise , or obstruction of justice ! ” So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz .
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona . I agree with @ LouDobbs . Should have sought review .
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD . Great job by law enforcement and all concerned !
Our Nation was founded by farmers . Our independence was won by farmers . And our continent was tamed by farmers . Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them , and we are DELIVERING for them ! # NationalAgricultureDay
The Democrats do not want to help DACA . Would be so easy to make a deal !
RT @ WhiteHouse : The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock , but also stories of recovery & amp ; hope . President Trump is asking e…
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest !
. @ seanhannity on @ foxandfriends now ! Great ! 8:18 A.M .
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats , some big Crooked Hillary supporters , and Zero Republicans ? Another Dem recently added ... does anyone think this is fair ? And yet , there is NO COLLUSION !
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe , but he never took notes when he was with me . I don ’ t believe he made memos except to help his own agenda , probably at a later date . Same with lying James Comey . Can we call them Fake Memos ?
Wow , watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “ have you ever been an anonymous source ... or known someone else to be an anonymous source ... ? ” He said strongly “ never , no. ” He lied as shown clearly on @ foxandfriends .
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime . It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC , and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign . WITCH HUNT !
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught , called out and fired . How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wife ’ s campaign by Crooked H friend , Terry M , who was also under investigation ? How many lies ? How many leaks ? Comey knew it all , and much more !
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded , there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign . As many are now finding out , however , there was tremendous leaking , lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI , Justice & amp ; State . # DrainTheSwamp
Happy # StPatricksDay https : //t.co/4vVsW2smhB
Andrew McCabe FIRED , a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy . Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy . He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI !
“ U.S . Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High ” https : //t.co/tXJsSRoM64
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada , and it ’ s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller , who is doing a really good job , could run for Senate unopposed !
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday . Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten .
“ President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock☘️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House ” 🇺🇸🇮🇪 https : //t.co/ZbogpAE09g
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic . Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives . Thank you for your courage . Praying this evening for all who are affected .
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @ WhiteHouse ! https : //t.co/ZT3WnIZR2L
RT @ WhiteHouse : Yesterday , five @ Cabinet Secretaries testified on the Hill on the need to rebuild our Nation 's crumbling infrastructure . Pr…
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada , as we do with almost all countries ( some of them massive ) . P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada , a very good guy , doesn ’ t like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S. ( negotiating ) , but they do ... they almost all do ... and that ’ s how I know !
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council . Our Country will have many years of Great Economic & amp ; Financial Success , with low taxes , unparalleled innovation , fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way ! # MAGA
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators , their families and our incredible @ USNavy . https : //t.co/60bHhrp8Y1
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began . Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening ! https : //t.co/4kPofEii3i
Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/CUutL5SZxQ
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act . We must put the safety of America 's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools . A tragedy like Parkland ca n't happen ever again !
Thank you for hosting ! # MAGA https : //t.co/9pHH60DVlX
We can not keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country !
Five of our incredible @ Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nation ’ s crumbling infrastructure . We need to build FAST & amp ; we need to build for our FUTURE . Thank you @ SenateCommerce for hosting this hearing ! # InfrastructureInAmerica
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today !
Hundreds of good people , including very important Ambassadors and Judges , are being blocked and/or slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate . Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction . Worst in U.S. history !
All across this nation , we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines ! Thank you . God Bless You . And God Bless America ! https : //t.co/vKXBd0CGH1
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military , straight from the heart of the American People : We support you , we thank you , we love you - and we will always have your back ! https : //t.co/oCt1nH3DON
If we don ’ t have a wall system , we ’ re not going to have a country . Congress must fund the BORDER WALL & amp ; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country & amp ; the people of our country . We must enforce our laws & amp ; protect our people ! # BuildTheWall https : //t.co/NGqNueukvj
California ’ s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk . Thousands of dangerous & amp ; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies , set free to prey on innocent Americans . THIS MUST STOP !
“ According to the Center for Immigration Studies , the $ 18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime , drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole ... ” https : //t.co/NdLC6jZwWE
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California ! https : //t.co/fU6Ukc271l
Mike Pompeo , Director of the CIA , will become our new Secretary of State . He will do a fantastic job ! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service ! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA , and the first woman so chosen . Congratulations to all !
The Economy is raging , at an all time high , and is set to get even better . Jobs and wages up . Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going !
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS , AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION , FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION .
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @ Astros to the @ WhiteHouse ! # HoustonStrong https : //t.co/IO6B42jixA
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress . He will be much better for steel and business . Very strong on experience and what our Country needs . Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems ... .Will raise taxes , weak on Crime and Border .
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones , violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter . Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones . Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent !
... .On 18 to 21 Age Limits , watching court cases and rulings before acting . States are making this decision . Things are moving rapidly on this , but not much political support ( to put it mildly ) .
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House . Legislation moving forward . Bump Stocks will soon be out . Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry , subject to State Law . Armed guards OK , deterrent ! ... ... .
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers .
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50 % , which is higher than Obama , and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are “ somewhat low. ” They know they are lying when they say it . Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS !
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government ... A record in U.S. history . State Department , Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked . Senate must approve NOW !
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races , a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention . I backed and campaigned for all of the winners . They give me credit for one . Hopefully , Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday .
... have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing . The only Collusion was that done by the DNC , the Democrats and Crooked Hillary . The writer of the story , Maggie Haberman , a Hillary flunky , knows nothing about me and is not given access .
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out . Wrong . I am VERY happy with my lawyers , John Dowd , Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow . They are doing a great job and ... ..
Epic crowd in Moon Township , Pennsylvania tonight . Thank you ! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @ Saccone4PA18 . Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/ckbCOsDQ2l
Join me LIVE in Moon Township , Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE . Great crowd for a # MAGA rally !
https : //t.co/PYJNg0WGDL
The European Union , wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade , are complaining about the tariffs on Steel & amp ; Aluminum . If they drop their horrific barriers & amp ; tariffs on U.S. products going in , we will likewise drop ours . Big Deficit . If not , we Tax Cars etc . FAIR !
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea ’ s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end , the press was startled & amp ; amazed.They couldn ’ t believe it . But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what , who cares !
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28 , 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings . I believe they will honor that commitment !
Heading to Moon Township , Pennsylvania , to be with a really good person , State Representative Rick Saccone , who is running for Congress . Big & amp ; happy crowd ( why not , some of the best economic numbers ever ) . Rick will help me a lot . Also , tough on crime & amp ; border . Loves 2nd A & amp ; VETS
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan , who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea . Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S . Currently have a massive $ 100 Billion Trade Deficit . Not fair or sustainable . It will all work out !
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea . President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative . China continues to be helpful !
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier , a man who has served proudly in the Navy , on your newly found Freedom . Now you can go out and have the life you deserve !
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans .
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be , if completed , a very good one for the World . Time and place to be determined .
Spoke to PM @ TurnbullMalcolm of Australia . He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship . Working very quickly on a security agreement so we don ’ t have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally , the great nation of Australia !
That ’ s right @ RepBost ! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work . It ’ s about JOBS , JOBS , JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST ! https : //t.co/ChUQEa6rsC
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @ Saccone4PA18 . Big crowd expected in Moon Township . Vote Rick and see you there ! # MAGA
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! # MAGA https : //t.co/YAaqRcA7ZS
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives , not just a freeze . Also , no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time . Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached . Meeting being planned !
“ Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States ”

Proclamation : https : //t.co/aCaMtOUAl0
Remarks : https : //t.co/nypErcqFSU https : //t.co/rcrkpvChkz
“ Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States ”

Proclamation : https : //t.co/hxduwSoElz
Remarks : https : //t.co/nypErcqFSU https : //t.co/q92FDYZeUl
Great meeting with @ Cabinet at the @ WhiteHouse today ! # MAGA https : //t.co/InWj0QTosz
Happy # InternationalWomensDay

“ First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award ” https : //t.co/EwYtFXGvn2
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House . We have to protect & amp ; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends and treat us fairly on both trade and the military .
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft . We can not allow this to happen as it has for many years !
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States . Our relationship with China has been a very good one , and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with . We must act soon !
From Bush 1 to present , our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories , 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars . Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars . Bad Policies & amp ; Leadership . Must WIN again ! # MAGA
@ MarkBurnettTV @ RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present , our Country has lost more than 55,000 factories , 6,000,000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars . Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars . Bad policies & amp ; leadership . Must win again ! # MAGA
Great couple , great book ! https : //t.co/cLDI79rin8
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor . Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely !
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea . For the first time in many years , a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned . The World is watching and waiting ! May be false hope , but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction !
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “ President Trump has the right to end DACA. ” President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem , and didn ’ t . I am waiting for the Dems , they are running for the hills !
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY . Problem is , we don ’ t have Stars anymore - except your President ( just kidding , of course ) !
RT @ EricTrump : Congratulations @ FoxNews : Fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with @ SeanHannity and @ TuckerCarlson leading the pack at 1st and 2n…
We will see what happens ! https : //t.co/Y1qxoAUfd9
We are getting it done - jobs and security ! https : //t.co/Ui8bubj7Yr
Total inaction on DACA by Dems . Where are you ? A deal can be made !
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House . Wrong ! People will always come & amp ; go , and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision . I still have some people that I want to change ( always seeking perfection ) . There is no Chaos , only great Energy !
It ’ s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA . Gave them 6 months , they just don ’ t care . Where are they ? We are ready to make a deal !
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign ( with zero proof of wrongdoing ) long before the Election in November ? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win . Unprecedented . Bigger than Watergate ! Plus , Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling .
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel ! # AMERICA FIRST
... treat our farmers much better . Highly restrictive . Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S . They have not done what needs to be done . Millions of people addicted and dying .
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada . NAFTA , which is under renegotiation right now , has been a bad deal for U.S.A . Massive relocation of companies & amp ; jobs . Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new & amp ; fair NAFTA agreement is signed . Also , Canada must..
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals . Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years . Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead . Sorry , it ’ s time for a change ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun . I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something , and especially since this is for the American People !
If the E.U . wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there , we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S . They make it impossible for our cars ( and more ) to sell there . Big trade imbalance !
The United States has an $ 800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “ very stupid ” trade deals and policies . Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years . They laugh at what fools our leaders have been . No more !
Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world . They ’ ve gone CRAZY ! https : //t.co/4UGYuJpUA7
Happy National Anthem Day ! https : //t.co/cf1eugMbKU
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM ! https : //t.co/2qMoUccVC2
When a country Taxes our products coming in at , say , 50 % , and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO , not fair or smart . We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us . $ 800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice !
We must protect our country and our workers . Our steel industry is in bad shape . IF YOU DON ’ T HAVE STEEL , YOU DON ’ T HAVE A COUNTRY !
Eric , we are all with you and your family ! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V . https : //t.co/d6y3Q00BSy
Alec Baldwin , whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL , now says playing me was agony . Alec , it was agony for those who were forced to watch . Bring back Darrell Hammond , funnier and a far greater talent !
When a country ( USA ) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with , trade wars are good , and easy to win . Example , when we are down $ 100 billion with a certain country and they get cute , don ’ t trade anymore-we win big . It ’ s easy !
Good ( Great ) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA !
RT @ IvankaTrump : My OpEd on the importance of # YouthSports participation and how this Administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our…
RT @ Scavino45 : “ Trump Comes Through — Saves $ 1.4 Billion On New Air Force One ” https : //t.co/cN3TAQywpR
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades !
Jobless claims at a 49 year low !
Together , we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction , with unity , and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need . Working together , we will defeat this # OpioidEpidemic .
Full Opioid Summit : https : //t.co/qqfeVr4BBf https : //t.co/oFvr0DJMEf
“ Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000 ” https : //t.co/UgAJRawExx
“ Manufacturing in U.S . Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004 ” https : //t.co/XZkwS8tTml
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years . Great news for workers and JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! # MAGA https : //t.co/SzHTarzfrW
Our Steel and Aluminum industries ( and many others ) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world . We must not let our country , companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer . We want free , fair and SMART TRADE !
Many ideas , some good & amp ; some not so good , emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House . Background Checks a big part of conversation . Gun free zones are proven targets of killers . After many years , a Bill should emerge . Respect 2nd Amendment !
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities . As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland , we are determined to turn our grief into action . Full meeting : https : //t.co/tbl94sCM01 https : //t.co/TmUMusoR9x
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored .

We say a prayer for our country : that all across this land , the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God . https : //t.co/EM4lZUZpX9
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida , Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival . From a large tent in Los Angeles , to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium , to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957 ... https : //t.co/z1vvAemlBP
Today , in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of God ’ s grace . https : //t.co/5aMh8nFPJW
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse . Will take forever , has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc . Isn ’ t the I.G . an Obama guy ? Why not use Justice Department lawyers ? DISGRACEFUL !
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year . Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country . MS-13 thugs being hit hard .
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved . Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed . OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY !
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64 % of the Trump Agenda is already done , faster than even Ronald Reagan . “ We ’ re blown away , ” said Thomas Binion of Heritage , President Trump “ is very active , very conservative and very effective . Huge volume & amp ; spectrum of issues . ”
Big legal win today . U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border . Now this important project can go forward !
Such a beautiful map , thank you ! https : //t.co/FyQdgKvsRO
. @ SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved . Also big help on cutting regs . I am with him in his re-election all the way !
Texas LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasn ’ t the politically correct thing to do , and I back him now . Also , AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning , he is “ Trump ’ s Man in Texas. ” Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar , and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick .
“ American consumers are the most confident they 've been since 2000 ... .A strong job market is boosting confidence . The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low. ” https : //t.co/aL7aVoR7XC
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott , Senator Ted Cruz , Lt. Gov . Dan Patrick , and Attorney General Ken Paxton . They are helping me to Make America Great Again ! Vote early or on March 6th .
WITCH HUNT !
“ We ’ ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION ... .I have seen nothing , the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath , that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because he ’ s exercising his power as the President of the U.S . I just don ’ t see it. ” Judge Ken Starr
“ I ’ ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year . I just don ’ t see the evidence ... .in terms of the collusion , it ’ s all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have. ” Jonathan Turley on @ FoxNews
“ He ’ s got a very good point . Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clinton ’ s criminality at her own hands , or through others , that ought to be investigated . I fully agree with the President on that. ” @ judgenapolitano on @ marthamaccallum Show
RT @ WhiteHouse : Merit-based immigration reform will benefit American workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on Federa…
RT @ VollrathTammie : @ realDonaldTrump @ FoxNews https : //t.co/sERi7Vyh5I
RT @ FoxNews : President @ realDonaldTrump on Dem FISA memo : `` A lot of bad things happened on the other side , not on this side , but the other…
RT @ FoxNews : President @ realDonaldTrump on DACA : `` I 'm the one that 's pushing DACA and the Democrats are nowhere to be found . '' https : //t.co/…
I will be interviewed by @ JudgeJeanine on @ FoxNews at 9:00 P.M . Enjoy !
“ Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts ” @ FoxNews So , what else is new . He is a total phony !
“ Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump ” @ FoxNews Of course not , because there is none , and never was . This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace ... and Obama did nothing about Russia !
Dem Memo : FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC . Wow !
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST . Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done . SO ILLEGAL !
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS : 93 % APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING ( Thank you ! ) . 50 % say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME ( funny ! ) . 79 % say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump ( starting to happen ) .
Dems are no longer talking DACA ! “ Out of sight , out of mind , ” they say . DACA beneficiaries should not be happy . Nancy Pelosi truly doesn ’ t care about them . Republicans stand ready to make a deal !
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973 . Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations !
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania . @ FoxNews . This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole . Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP !
Armed Educators ( and trusted people who work within a school ) love our students and will protect them . Very smart people . Must be firearms adept & amp ; have annual training . Should get yearly bonus . Shootings will not happen again - a big & amp ; very inexpensive deterrent . Up to States .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health . Raise age to 21 and end…
So true Wayne , and Lowest black unemployment in history ! https : //t.co/gDxxJdZQUm
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @ SecretService for a job well done !
Today , @ FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @ TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the @ WhiteHouse !

🇺🇸🇦🇺Press Conference : https : //t.co/rKokJGRsgu https : //t.co/PkJUw8x9jb
Our nation ’ s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST . This week , our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean . We will never forget the historic crowds , the voice , the energy , and the profound faith of Billy Graham ! # CPAC2018 https : //t.co/5GDh7Jonkv
We salute our great American flag , we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance , and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem . # CPAC2018 https : //t.co/qGKW2xGjP0
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations , we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride ! # CPAC2018 https : //t.co/rD9oTU8iex
For those of you who are still interested , the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA . Not a lot of interest on this subject from them !
My daughter , Ivanka , just arrived in South Korea . We can not have a better , or smarter , person representing our country .
CPAC Today !
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands , but these killers come back in from El Salvador , and through Mexico , like water . El Salvador just takes our money , and Mexico must help MORE with this problem . We need The Wall !
“ School shooting survivor says he quit @ CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question. ” @ TuckerCarlson . Just like so much of CNN , Fake News . That ’ s why their ratings are so bad ! MSNBC may be worse .
Today , it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @ WhiteHouse with State and local leaders , law enforcement officers , and education officials .

There is nothing more important than protecting our children . They deserve to be safe , and we will deliver ! https : //t.co/WhC2AxgWXO
On behalf of an entire Nation , CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women 's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD ! # GoTeamUSA # Olympics https : //t.co/3cUZwLVGua
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety . Next week it will be with our Nation ’ s Governors . It ’ s been many years of all talk , no action . We ’ ll get it done !
What many people don ’ t understand , or don ’ t want to understand , is that Wayne , Chris and the folks who work so hard at the @ NRA are Great People and Great American Patriots . They love our Country and will do the right thing . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health . Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks ! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope !
... .If a potential “ sicko shooter ” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers ( and others ) who will be instantly shooting , the sicko will NEVER attack that school . Cowards won ’ t go there ... problem solved . Must be offensive , defense alone won ’ t work !
... .History shows that a school shooting lasts , on average , 3 minutes . It takes police & amp ; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime . Highly trained , gun adept , teachers/coaches would solve the problem instantly , before police arrive . GREAT DETERRENT !
... .immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions . Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this . Far more assets at much less cost than guards . A “ gun free ” school is a magnet for bad people . ATTACKS WOULD END !
I never said “ give teachers guns ” like was stated on Fake News @ CNN & amp ; @ NBC . What I said was to look at the possibility of giving “ concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best . 20 % of teachers , a lot , would now be able to
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students , teachers and families . So much love in the midst of so much pain . We must not let them down . We must keep our children safe ! !

Full Listening Session : https : //t.co/x5VenyQX5p https : //t.co/CAPfX5odIp
. @ FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham . Our prayers are with his children , grandchildren , great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry . https : //t.co/e1697tcyaI
Yesterday , it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders , and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers , the Medal of Valor . # AmericanHeroes https : //t.co/em0wBbvy5P
Question : If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration , right up to January 20th , why aren ’ t they the subject of the investigation ? Why didn ’ t Obama do something about the meddling ? Why aren ’ t Dem crimes under investigation ? Ask Jeff Sessions !
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead . There was nobody like him ! He will be missed by Christians and all religions . A very special man .
@ CNN @ MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat , we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks !
So true , thank you ! https : //t.co/9TTXlfokYz
Bad ratings @ CNN & amp ; @ MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall . They probably knew it was Fake News but , because it was a rally against me , they pushed it hard anyway . Two really dishonest newscasters , but the public is wise !
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law . `` This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic , they are ready to grow their businesses . '' https : //t.co/w9aw68UwOj
... .cameras running . Another False Accusation . Why doesn ’ t @ washingtonpost report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me ? One had her home mortgage paid off . Only @ FoxNews so reported ... doesn ’ t fit the Mainstream Media narrative .
A woman I don ’ t know and , to the best of my knowledge , never met , is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her ( for two minutes yet ) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago . Never happened ! Who would do this in a public space with live security ... ...
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama , just look at the facts . Total Fake News !
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “ pushed ” Congressional Map , all the way to the Supreme Court , if necessary . Your Original was correct ! Don ’ t let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes & amp ; waste money !
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event . Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House . You ’ ve come a long way Matt !
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll , perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away . Actually , they want to raise you taxes , substantially . Also , they want to do nothing on DACA , R ’ s want to fix !
... .The President Obama quote just before election . That ’ s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didn ’ t want to “ rock the boat. ” When I easily won the Electoral College , the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems .
“ There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America ’ s elections , there ’ s no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time , and so I ’ d invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes. ” ... ..
Thank you to @ foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia , including Crimea , Syria and so much more . We are now starting to win again !
“ The Faith of Donald Trump , ” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb , is a very interesting read . Enjoy !
The U.S. economy is looking very good , in my opinion , even better than anticipated . Companies are pouring back into our country , reversing the long term trend of leaving . The unemployment numbers are looking great , and Regulations & amp ; Taxes have been massively Cut ! JOBS , JOBS , JOBS
. @ MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah . He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to @ OrrinHatch , and has my full support and endorsement !
Obama was President up to , and beyond , the 2016 Election . So why didn ’ t he do something about Russian meddling ?
Have a great , but very reflective , President ’ s Day !
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey , who at one point I knew very well , interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes . The questions were biased and slanted , the facts incorrect . Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others !
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today , The Daytona 500 . Brian France and the France family are special people . Enjoy the race !
Thank you to KenStarr , former Independent Counsel , Whitewater , for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse , Russian meddling etc . Really great interview with @ MariaBartiromo
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot . Big gain over last 4 weeks . I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans , the Cuts the Dems want to take away . We need more Republicans !
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN . https : //t.co/rYsv90cnvs
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord , disruption and chaos within the U.S. then , with all of the Committee Hearings , Investigations and Party hatred , they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams . They are laughing their asses off in Moscow . Get smart America !
RT @ mike_pence : Big night . Largest-ever Dallas County GOP Reagan Day Dinner . As I told the crowd , under President @ realDonaldTrump : Promise…
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election , he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats , lead by their fearless leader , Crooked Hillary Clinton , lost the 2016 election . But wasn ’ t I a great candidate ?
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election , I said “ it may be Russia , or China or another country or group , or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. ” The Russian “ hoax ” was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did !
Finally , Liddle ’ Adam Schiff , the leakin ’ monster of no control , is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election . He is finally right about something . Obama was President , knew of the threat , and did nothing . Thank you Adam !
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $ 1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress , the FBI or Justice called for an investigation !
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H , the DNC and the Dems . Remember the Dirty Dossier , Uranium , Speeches , Emails and the Podesta Company !
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter . This is not acceptable . They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion . Get back to the basics and make us all proud !
Just like they don ’ t want to solve the DACA problem , why didn ’ t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House & amp ; Senate during the Obama Administration . Because they didn ’ t want to , and now they just talk !
“ I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal . ”
Rob Goldman
Vice President of Facebook Ads https : //t.co/A5ft7cGJkE
The Fake News Media never fails . Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads , Rob Goldman ! https : //t.co/XGC7ynZwYJ
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn ’ t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014 , long before my run for President . Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didn ’ t know !
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference : “ There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity . There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election .
“ Charges Deal Don A Big Win , ” written by Michael Goodwin of the @ nypost , succinctly states that “ the Russians had no impact on the election results. ” There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign . “ She lost the old-fashioned way , by being a terrible candidate . Case closed . ”
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County , Florida . Will never forget them , or the evening !
Our entire Nation , w/one heavy heart , continues to pray for the victims & amp ; their families in Parkland , FL . To teachers , law enforcement , first responders & amp ; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger : We THANK YOU for your courage ! https : //t.co/3yJsrebZMG https : //t.co/ti791dENTy
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014 , long before I announced that I would run for President . The results of the election were not impacted . The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion !
Can not believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats ... totally abandoned ! Republicans are still working hard .
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered . Am also working with Congress on many fronts .
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland , Florida : https : //t.co/RTQWAKiSnR https : //t.co/Nhs32bm5zB
... lottery , continues deadly catch-and-release , and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants . Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement , and a vote FOR open borders . If Dems are actually serious about DACA , they should support the Grassley bill !
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe . @ DHSgov says it would be “ the end of immigration enforcement in America. ” It creates a giant amnesty ( including for dangerous criminals ) , doesn ’ t build the wall , expands chain migration , keeps the visa ...
RT @ SpoxDHS : Schumer-Rounds-Collins destroys the ability of @ DHSgov to enforce immigration laws , creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio…
In times of tragedy , the bonds that sustain us are those of family , faith , community , and country . These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need . https : //t.co/bu140nscez https : //t.co/OoTXMCSexB
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA , they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready , willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA !
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed , even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior . Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem . Must always report such instances to authorities , again and again !
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott . We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting .
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting . No child , teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school .
Today , I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate , as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore America ’ s depleted infrastructure . https : //t.co/8ByoQJsjTT https : //t.co/BVBRDvHfcC
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation , our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all . Proclamation : https : //t.co/Sw1iGIJgWV https : //t.co/Nx0AEKZy5p
Negotiations on DACA have begun . Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal . Wouldn ’ t it be great if we could finally , after so many years , solve the DACA puzzle . This will be our last chance , there will never be another opportunity ! March 5th .
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except , of course , the Democrats . After many years we have taken care of our Military , now we have to fix our roads , bridges , tunnels , airports and more . Bipartisan , make deal Dems ?
The journey to # MAGA began @ CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year . See you at # CPAC2018 !
Thank you to Sue Kruczek , who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge , for your kind words while on @ foxandfriends . We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain !
This will be a big week for Infrastructure . After so stupidly spending $ 7 trillion in the Middle East , it is now time to start investing in OUR Country !
Just spoke to @ JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from @ WestervillePD . This is a true tragedy !
Rep. Lou Barletta , a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters , will make a FANTASTIC Senator . He is strong & amp ; smart , loves Pennsylvania & amp ; loves our Country ! Voted for Tax Cuts , unlike Bob Casey , who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer !
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut & amp ; Jobs Bill ... .and it will only get better ! We are far ahead of schedule .
So many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesn ’ t want to go there . Same negative stories over and over again ! No wonder the People no longer trust the media , whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history ! # MAGA
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe , modern and lawful immigration system : fully securing the border , ending chain migration , and canceling the visa lottery . Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans . https : //t.co/xV1lgfhjBU
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers , their families , and everybody at the @ WestervillePD . https : //t.co/AoingY77Ky
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do . The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011 , and they decided not to do anything about DACA . They only want to use it as a campaign issue . Vote Republican !
... .agencies , not just the FBI & amp ; DOJ , now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election . Comey had conversations with Donald Trump , which I don ’ t believe were accurate ... he leaked information ( corrupt ) . ” Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on @ FoxNews
“ My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the Clinton/DNC Dossier , it shows that he ’ s been victimized . He ’ s been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of ... ... .
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation . Some are true and some are false . Some are old and some are new . There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone . Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process ?
According to the @ nytimes , a Russian sold phony secrets on “ Trump ” to the U.S . Asking price was $ 10 million , brought down to $ 1 million to be paid over time . I hope people are now seeing & amp ; understanding what is going on here . It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP !
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew , because of sources and methods ( and more ) , would have to be heavily redacted , whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency . Told them to re-do and send back in proper form !
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low !
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election , and beyond . This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military , but much waste in order to get Dem votes . Fortunately , DACA not included in this Bill , negotiations to start now !
Without more Republicans in Congress , we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally , after many years of depletion , take care of our Military . Sadly , we needed some Dem votes for passage . Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election !
Just signed Bill . Our Military will now be stronger than ever before . We love and need our Military and gave them everything — and more . First time this has happened in a long time . Also means JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
Wow ! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch . Warner did not want a “ paper trail ” on a “ private ” meeting ( in London ) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame . All tied into Crooked Hillary .
Time to end the visa lottery . Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans . https : //t.co/yukxm48x9X
As long as we open our eyes to God ’ s grace - and open our hearts to God ’ s love - then America will forever be the land of the free , the home of the brave , and a light unto all nations . # NationalPrayerBreakfast https : //t.co/1cwxs3l0uK
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm . Will be discussing North Korea , China and the Middle East .
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence . Our currency declares “ IN GOD WE TRUST. ” And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are “ One Nation Under God. ” # NationalPrayerBreakfast https : //t.co/zukP40Ezpo
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington . Great religious and political leaders , and many friends , including T.V . producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph , will be there . Looking forward to seeing all !
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military . It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great . Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill !
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics ! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration ! https : //t.co/giN2B1h6Ph
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @ Olympics ! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION ! https : //t.co/aboM2Up48y
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS !
In the “ old days , ” when good news was reported , the Stock Market would go up . Today , when good news is reported , the Stock Market goes down . Big mistake , and we have so much good ( great ) news about the economy !
Congratulations @ ElonMusk and @ SpaceX on the successful # FalconHeavy launch . This achievement , along with @ NASA ’ s commercial and international partners , continues to show American ingenuity at its best ! https : //t.co/eZfLSpyJPK
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America , Ronald Reagan ! https : //t.co/JtEglBhm4c
Today , we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13 , and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it . Watch here : https : //t.co/VPMTnko7Ik https : //t.co/4OaXXuj9Va
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system . Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security . https : //t.co/rP9Gtr2E5N
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA , fully secures the border , ends chain migration & amp ; cancels the visa lottery . If D ’ s oppose this deal , they aren ’ t serious about DACA-they just want open borders . https : //t.co/XDMcDOr9vM
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson , a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken . @ Colts
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @ Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson . This is just one of many such preventable tragedies . We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border , and with illegal immigration , FAST !
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law , your paychecks are going way UP , your taxes are going way DOWN , and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS ! https : //t.co/GISFbDDGXX
Representative Devin Nunes , a man of tremendous courage and grit , may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure !
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of time . March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Dems seem not to care about DACA . Make a deal !
Little Adam Schiff , who is desperate to run for higher office , is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washington , right up there with Comey , Warner , Brennan and Clapper ! Adam leaves closed committee hearings to illegally leak confidential information . Must be stopped !
Thank you to @ foxandfriends for exposing the truth . Perhaps that ’ s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition !
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U system is going broke and not working . Dems want to greatly raise taxes for really bad and non-personal medical care . No thanks !
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory !
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina . Thank you to our incredible First Responders for the work they ’ ve done !
... a tool of anti-Trump political actors . This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants the FBI to be a nonpartisan enforcer of the law ... .The FBI wasn ’ t straight with Congress , as it hid most of these facts from investigators. ” Wall Street Journal
“ The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used to influence the 2016 election and its aftermath ... .The FBI failed to inform the FISA court that the Clinton campaign had funded the dossier ... .the FBI became ... .
Great jobs numbers and finally , after many years , rising wages- and nobody even talks about them . Only Russia , Russia , Russia , despite the fact that , after a year of looking , there is No Collusion !
This memo totally vindicates “ Trump ” in probe . But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on . Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction ( the word now used because , after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING , collusion is dead ) . This is an American disgrace !
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49 % , a far better number than I had in winning the Election , and higher than certain “ sacred cows. ” Other Trump polls are way up also . So why does the media refuse to write this ? Oh well , someday !
RT @ EricTrump : # MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/CJts3udtNO
RT @ EricTrump : 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/iszxYp036c
Today , it was my honor to join the great men and women of @ DHSgov , @ CustomsBorder , @ ICEgov and @ USCIS at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling , Virginia . Fact sheet : https : //t.co/Q027Wgdzdo https : //t.co/NecuA0y1Sk
“ Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats ’ disgust ” https : //t.co/XpirrtTY6V
With 3.5 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS , 2018 is off to great start !
✅Unemployment rate at 4.1 % .
✅Average earnings up 2.9 % in the last year .
✅200,000 new American jobs .
✅ # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/upqSvBhRqJ
“ You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create a Dossier which was used by their allies in the Obama Administration to convince a Court misleadingly , by all accounts , to spy on the Trump Team. ” Tom Fitton , JW
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago . Rank & amp ; File are great people !
The Democrats just aren ’ t calling about DACA . Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast , or they ’ ll disappoint you again . We have a great chance to make a deal or , blame the Dems ! March 5th is coming up fast .
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech . 45.6 million people watched , the highest number in history . @ FoxNews beat every other Network , for the first time ever , with 11.7 million people tuning in . Delivered from the heart !
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA . They Resist , Blame , Complain and Obstruct - and do nothing . Start pushing Nancy Pelosi and the Dems to work out a DACA fix , NOW !
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party . Will be planning Infrastructure and discussing Immigration and DACA , not easy when we have no support from the Democrats . NOT ONE DEM VOTED FOR OUR TAX CUT BILL ! Need more Republicans in ‘ 18 .
Join me live for the # SOTU
https : //t.co/0SLktWxfHi
Congratulations to America ’ s new Secretary of @ HHSGov , Alex Azar ! https : //t.co/Y9inQaCt7o
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades . Businesses are coming back to America like never before . Chrysler , as an example , is leaving Mexico and coming back to the USA . Unemployment is nearing record lows . We are on the right track !
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies , Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED !
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety & amp ; Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military . They are only interested in Obstruction !
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal , including a doubling in the number of recipients & amp ; a twelve year pathway to citizenship , for two reasons : ( 1 ) Because the Republicans want to fix a long time terrible problem . ( 2 ) To show that Democrats do not want to solve DACA , only use it !
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans , brave police in Kabul today . Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims , and first responders . We will not allow the Taliban to win !
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men , women and children , and the millions of others who perished in the evil Nazi Genocide . We pledge with all of our might and resolve : Never Again ! https : //t.co/PfHM7UiZ0C https : //t.co/25W0SZHTOu
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @ foxandfriends that we very badly NEED THE WALL . Must also end loophole of “ catch & amp ; release ” and clean up the legal and other procedures at the border NOW for Safety & amp ; Security reasons .
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @ WEF ! # Davos2018 https : //t.co/IQkoQJxR5B
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration !
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos , Switzerland . Speech on America ’ s economic revival was well received . Many of the people I met will be investing in the U.S.A. ! # MAGA
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland ! # WEF18 https : //t.co/fdHejCmv73 https : //t.co/DuKJlVTWB8
Great bilateral meeting with President @ Alain_Berset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our great friendship . Such an honor to be in Switzerland ! # WEF18 https : //t.co/87pLrCpQkZ
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos , Switzerland . Many great discussions ! # WEF18 https : //t.co/SaPzwVhDiB
Will be interviewed on @ SquawkCNBC by @ JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos , Switzerland . Enjoy ! # WEF18 https : //t.co/7egYlxnFBd
Today , Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @ NASA who lost their lives in our Nation ’ s eternal quest to expand the boundaries of human potential . https : //t.co/clBsJTGz8B https : //t.co/jTJkusdBQA
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @ Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos , Switzerland ! # WEF18 https : //t.co/2sZM9YI7tJ
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom , affirming the special relationship and our commitment to work together on key national security challenges and economic opportunities . # WEF18 https : //t.co/FPP8aRDAyt
Will soon be heading to Davos , Switzerland , to tell the world how great America is and is doing . Our economy is now booming and with all I am doing , will only get better ... Our country is finally WINNING again !
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor ’ s from across America to the WH . My Administration will always support local government - and listen to the leaders who know their communities best . Together , we will usher in a bold new era of Peace and Prosperity ! https : //t.co/dmYECTnk0a https : //t.co/RSv7V7r0DT
Earlier today , I spoke with @ GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday ’ s shooting at Marshall County High School . My thoughts and prayers are with Bailey Holt , Preston Cope , their families , and all of the wounded victims who are in recovery . We are with you !
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America . There has never been anything like it . Now Disney , J.P. Morgan Chase and many others . Massive Regulation Reduction and Tax Cuts are making us a powerhouse again . Long way to go ! Jobs , Jobs , Jobs !
Cryin ’ Chuck Schumer fully understands , especially after his humiliating defeat , that if there is no Wall , there is no DACA . We must have safety and security , together with a strong Military , for our great people !
Where are the 50,000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok ? Blaming Samsung !
Thank you to General John Kelly , who is doing a fantastic job , and all of the Staff and others in the White House , for a job well done . Long hours and Fake reporting makes your job more difficult , but it is always great to WIN , and few have won more than us !
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans & amp ; Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8 , but everyone will be trying ... .with a big additional focus put on Military Strength and Border Security . The Dems have just learned that a Shutdown is not the answer !
In one of the biggest stories in a long time , the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Page texts , perhaps 50,000 , and all in prime time . Wow !
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees : “ Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone : Trump wins again ... Schumer and Dems caved ... gambled and lost. ” Thank you for your honesty Jim !
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown . Now I want a big win for everyone , including Republicans , Democrats and DACA , but especially for our Great Military and Border Security . Should be able to get there . See you at the negotiating table !
End the Democrats Obstruction ! https : //t.co/tzBXilvW1b
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base . They don ’ t want to do it but are powerless !
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens . Not good !
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @ FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “ A ” -and likewise to Doug Schoen for the very good grade and statements . Working hard !
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border . The Dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked . If stalemate continues , Republicans should go to 51 % ( Nuclear Option ) and vote on real , long term budget , no C.R. ’ s !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration . Can ’ t let that hap…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ EricTrump : `` My father was elected for one reason , and that 's because he actually believes in putting America first , which is…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ KellyannePolls : `` Since @ POTUS took office , 863,000 new jobs were filled by women . Over half a million American women have en…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ davidwebbshow : `` Let 's look at the calendar . It 's January 20th . DACA expires on March 5th . That means this was a construct of…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ EricTrump : `` People have seen a year that 's incredible , that 's been filled with nothing but the best for our country , America…
Eric Trump on @ JudgeJeanine on @ FoxNews now !
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation , in just twelve months , than any other Administration has terminated during their full term in office , no matter what the length . The good news is , THERE IS MUCH MORE TO COME !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our danger…
Unprecedented success for our Country , in so many ways , since the Election . Record Stock Market , Strong on Military , Crime , Borders , & amp ; ISIS , Judicial Strength & amp ; Numbers , Lowest Unemployment for Women & amp ; ALL , Massive Tax Cuts , end of Individual Mandate - and so much more . Big 2018 !
Beautiful weather all over our great country , a perfect day for all Women to March . Get out there now to celebrate the historic milestones and unprecedented economic success and wealth creation that has taken place over the last 12 months . Lowest female unemployment in 18 years !
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration . Can ’ t let that happen !
# AMERICA FIRST !
For those asking , the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate , and they need 60 . That is why we need to win more Republicans in 2018 Election ! We can then be even tougher on Crime ( and Border ) , and even better to our Military & amp ; Veterans !
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present . # DemocratShutdown
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dangerous Southern Border . They could have easily made a deal but decided to play Shutdown politics instead . # WeNeedMoreRepublicansIn18 in order to power through mess !
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety & amp ; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border . Dems want a Shutdown in order to help diminish the great success of the Tax Cuts , and what they are doing for our booming economy .
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @ SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military together with @ SenateMajLdr McConnell and @ SpeakerRyan . Making progress - four week extension would be best !
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection . This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wrongly abused during the election . I will always do the right thing for our country and put the safety of the American people first !
Today , I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @ March_for_Life ! You are living witnesses of this year ’ s March for Life theme : # LoveSavesLives . https : //t.co/DMST4qhDmp
“ Shutting down the government is a very serious thing . People die , accidents happen . I don ’ t know how I would vote right now on a CR , OK ? ”
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D-Calif )
https : //t.co/7xP3CBnv5j
. @ WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney ...
https : //t.co/0O0VsYXmHB
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives . Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders . Shutdown coming ? We need more Republican victories in 2018 !
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight . So important for our country - our Military needs it !
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big , dreams bigger , and always reaches for the stars . YOU are the ones who will shape America ’ s destiny . YOU are the ones who will restore our prosperity . And YOU are the ones who are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! # MAGA https : //t.co/f2abNK47II
Departing Pittsburgh now , where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers , and to show the world that AMERICA is back - and we are coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before ! https : //t.co/kWPgylqFzj
A government shutdown will be devastating to our military ... something the Dems care very little about !
CHIP should be part of a long term solution , not a 30 Day , or short term , extension !
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country . We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of drugs from Mexico , now rated the number one most dangerous country in the world . If there is no Wall , there is no Deal !
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE , running for Congress in a Special Election ( March 13 ) . Rick is a great guy . We need more Republicans to continue our already successful agenda !
... .The Wall will be paid for , directly or indirectly , or through longer term reimbursement , by Mexico , which has a ridiculous $ 71 billion dollar trade surplus with the U.S . The $ 20 billion dollar Wall is “ peanuts ” compared to what Mexico makes from the U.S. NAFTA is a bad joke !
The Wall is the Wall , it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it . Parts will be , of necessity , see through and it was never intended to be built in areas where there is natural protection such as mountains , wastelands or tough rivers or water ... ..
ISIS is in retreat , our economy is booming , investments and jobs are pouring back into the country , and so much more ! Together there is nothing we can ’ t overcome -- even a very biased media . We ARE Making America Great Again !
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage , there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD NEWS for the American people to be proud of !
And the FAKE NEWS winners are ...
https : //t.co/59G6x2f7fD
Main Street is BACK ! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOLLARS . https : //t.co/kDcGbMieSt
During the campaign , I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country . I am very proud to see companies like Chrysler moving operations from Mexico to Michigan where there are so many great American workers ! https : //t.co/hz2q9UTfnF
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United States . Great to see Apple follow through as a result of TAX CUTS . Huge win for American workers and the USA ! https : //t.co/OwXVUyLOb1
Today , we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress ’ highest civilian honor to our friend , and true AMERICAN HERO , Bob Dole . # CongressionalGoldMedal https : //t.co/qNQqDLRmCk
Eric Trump on @ foxandfriends now !
... .we need to keep America safe , including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system , to one that is merit-based . https : //t.co/7PtoSFK1n2
New report from DOJ & amp ; DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-born . We have submitted to Congress a list of resources and reforms ... .
Today , it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @ WhiteHouse ! https : //t.co/TerYFZViax
“ President Donald J. Trump Proclaims January 16 , 2018 , as Religious Freedom Day ” https : //t.co/bD3R2dJfyp
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded . Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubled . Thank you , and it will get even ( much ) better ! @ FoxNews
“ 90 % of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative ” -and much of it contrived ! @ foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news , but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative . The Russian Collusion Hoax is dead , except as it pertains to the Dems . Public gets it !
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security . The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military , at a time we need it more than ever . We need a merit based system of immigration , and we need it now ! No more dangerous Lottery .
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER , and we must have a great WALL to help protect us , and to help stop the massive inflow of drugs pouring into our country !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting . Deals can ’ t get made when there is no t…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don ’ t really want it , they just want to talk and take desperately needed m…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I , as President , want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again , people co…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : ... big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible ” ( among many other things ) . “ President Trump reversed the poli…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : “ President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy . Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers…
RT @ EricTrump : I will be always be incredibly proud of my work for @ StJude , raising $ 16.3+ million dollars over the last 10 years at a 9.2 % …
RT @ EricTrump : # MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/b81NtQGhHa
RT @ Heritage : We had a special visitor yesterday . @ IvankaTrump , thank you for meeting with @ KayColesJames , spending time with our team , and…
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting . Deals can ’ t get made when there is no trust ! Durbin blew DACA and is hurting our Military .
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Dr. King 's dream is our dream . It is the American Dream . It 's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation , etched i…
... to stop drugs , they want to take money away from our military which we can not do. ” My standard is very simple , AMERICA FIRST & amp ; MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Statement by me last night in Florida : “ Honestly , I don ’ t think the Democrats want to make a deal . They talk about DACA , but they don ’ t want to help..We are ready , willing and able to make a deal but they don ’ t want to . They don ’ t want security at the border , they don ’ t want ... ..
... big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible ” ( among many other things ) . “ President Trump reversed the policies of President Obama , and reversed our economic decline. ” Thank you Stuart Varney . @ foxandfriends
“ President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy . Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2,000,000 workers . Most explosive Stock Market rally that we ’ ve seen in modern times . 18,000 to 26,000 from Election , and grounded in profitability and growth . All Trump , not 0 ...
I , as President , want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again , people coming in through a system based on MERIT . No more Lotteries ! # AMERICA FIRST
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don ’ t really want it , they just want to talk and take desperately needed money away from our Military .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : So much Fake News is being reported . They don ’ t even try to get it right , or correct it when they are wrong . They prom…
... and they knew exactly what I said and meant . They just wanted a story . FAKE NEWS !
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “ I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un ” ( of N. Korea ) . Obviously I didn ’ t say that . I said “ I ’ d have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un , ” a big difference . Fortunately we now record conversations with reporters ...
RT @ paulsperry_ : https : //t.co/aU1rdyKA1W
RT @ paulsperry_ : Fusion GPS , firm behind disputed Russia dossier , retracts its claim of FBI mole in Trump camp
https : //t.co/s6CFPXSVqb
RT @ JackPosobiec : Dick Durbin called Trump racist for wanting to end chain migration .

Here 's a video of Dick Durbin calling for an end to…
RT @ LouDobbs : The stock market has gained an incredible 7.8 Trillion dollars in market value since @ POTUS was elected ! Looks like 4 % econom…
So much Fake News is being reported . They don ’ t even try to get it right , or correct it when they are wrong . They promote the Fake Book of a mentally deranged author , who knowingly writes false information . The Mainstream Media is crazed that WE won the election !
I don ’ t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA . They are all talk and no action . This is the time but , day by day , they are blowing the one great opportunity they have . Too bad !
AMERICA FIRST !
The Democrats are all talk and no action . They are doing nothing to fix DACA . Great opportunity missed . Too bad !
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market . Jobs are coming back to America . Chrysler is coming back to the USA , from Mexico and many others will follow . Tax cut money to employees is pouring into our economy with many more companies announcing . American business is hot again !
Today , it was my great honor to proclaim January 15 , 2018 , as Martin Luther King Jr. , Federal Holiday . I encourage all Americans to observe this day with appropriate civic , community , and service activities in honor of Dr. King 's life and legacy . https : //t.co/samlJsz1Nt
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is , obviously , a very poor and troubled country . Never said “ take them out. ” Made up by Dems . I have a wonderful relationship with Haitians . Probably should record future meetings - unfortunately , no trust !
Sadly , Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal , not a fair deal , for DACA . Take care of our Military , and our Country , FIRST !
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough , but this was not the language used . What was really tough was the outlandish proposal made - a big setback for DACA !
... .Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety , DACA has now taken a big step backwards . The Dems will threaten “ shutdown , ” but what they are really doing is shutting down our military , at a time we need it most . Get smart , MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
... .countries which are doing badly . I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level . I want safety and security for our people . I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs . I want to fund our military , not do a Dem defund ... .
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen was a big step backwards . Wall was not properly funded , Chain & amp ; Lottery were made worse and USA would be forced to take large numbers of people from high crime ... ..
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for “ peanuts , ” only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars . Bad deal . Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO !
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border , risking thousands of lives in the process . It is my duty to protect the lives and safety of all Americans . We must build a Great Wall , think Merit and end Lottery & amp ; Chain . USA !
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization . Very disrespectful to committee members and possibly illegal . She blamed her poor decision on the fact she had a cold - a first !
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan , reversing a years long opposite trend . Thank you Chrysler , a very wise decision . The voters in Michigan are very happy they voted for Trump/Pence . Plenty of more to follow !
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform : Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $ 1 BILLION in Michigan plant , relocating their heavy-truck production from Mexico to Michigan , adding 2,500 new jobs and paying $ 2,000 bonus to U.S. employees ! https : //t.co/47azKD0l9B
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history . All business is just at the beginning of something really special !
Thank you Adam Levine , The Federalist , in interview on @ foxandfriends “ Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen . ”
Yesterday , I signed the # INTERDICTAct ( H.R . 2142 ) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs into our country . Together , we are committed to doing everything we can to combat the deadly scourge of drug addiction and overdose in the United States ! https : //t.co/ELZvFol5Lo
Great news , as a result of our TAX CUTS & amp ; JOBS ACT ! https : //t.co/SLvhLxP3Jl
With that being said , I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today ’ s vote is about foreign surveillance of foreign bad guys on foreign land . We need it ! Get smart !
“ 45 year low in illegal immigration this year. ” @ foxandfriends
“ House votes on controversial FISA ACT today. ” This is the act that may have been used , with the help of the discredited and phony Dossier , to so badly surveil and abuse the Trump Campaign by the previous administration and others ?
In new Quinnipiac Poll , 66 % of people feel the economy is “ Excellent or Good. ” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll .
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “ Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign . Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election ? ” @ foxandfriends Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians ? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers ? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails ? What a mess !
Good news : Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville , Alabama , plant which will produce over 300,000 cars and SUV ’ s a year and employ 4000 people . Companies are coming back to the U.S. in a very big way . Congratulations Alabama !
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest ! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announce they are bringing 4,000 JOBS and investing $ 1.6 BILLION in Alabama , helping to further grow our economy ! https : //t.co/Kcg8IVH6iA
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border , which must be part of any DACA approval . The safety and security of our country is # 1 ! https : //t.co/4CFzQXb5aS
Today , it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @ WhiteHouse - a great friend and ally of the United States ! Joint press conference : https : //t.co/qWR1BhfQZI https : //t.co/PJvwznjRCO
I want to thank my @ Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country . 2017 was a year of monumental achievement and we look forward to the year ahead . Together , we are delivering results and MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/ptXa1hAPwW https : //t.co/yv6RALkQf3
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues . There was no collusion , everybody including the Dems knows there was no collusion , & amp ; yet on and on it goes . Russia & amp ; the world is laughing at the stupidity they are witnessing . Republicans should finally take control !
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein , who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has not been found , would release testimony in such an underhanded and possibly illegal way , totally without authorization , is a disgrace . Must have tough Primary !
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case ( such as DACA ) always runs to the 9th Circuit and almost always wins before being reversed by higher courts .
. @ ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers , on behalf of an entire Nation , THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to keep fellow American ’ s SAFE . Everyone is so grateful !
# LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
President @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/HXCpTlruVo
Thank you @ GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy ! Couldn ’ t agree w/you more . TOGETHER , we are # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/QaxtqpyXTR
As I made very clear today , our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border , which must be part of any DACA approval .
RT @ Scavino45 : “ Utilities cutting rates , cite benefits of Trump tax reform ” https : //t.co/u19JMs4Bsr
Today , it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they transition back to civilian life . We must ensure that our HEROES are given the care and support they so richly deserve ! https : //t.co/0MdP9DDIAS https : //t.co/LP2a8KCBAp
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today ’ s very productive meeting on immigration reform . There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security , chain migration , lottery and DACA . https : //t.co/SdqAQ3aL3z https : //t.co/8DYHZHspAy
It was my great honor to sign H.R . 267 , the “ Martin Luther King , Jr. National Historical Park Act , ” which redesignates the Martin Luther King , Junior , National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King , Jr. National Historical Park . https : //t.co/Qe0b6HBFTY https : //t.co/QTgaqTawPT
On behalf of the American people , THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers . As President of the United States - I will fight for you , and I will never , ever let you down . Now , more than ever , we must support the men and women in blue ! # LawEnforcementAppreciationDay https : //t.co/Qb4uxB4JRm
We are fighting for our farmers , for our country , and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG . We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also ! https : //t.co/16eOLXg6Fi
In every decision we make , we are honoring America ’ s PROUD FARMING LEGACY . Years of crushing taxes , crippling regs , & amp ; corrupt politics left our communities hurting , our economy stagnant , & amp ; millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN . But they are not forgotten ANYMORE ! https : //t.co/MdYS7xnukQ
We have been working every day to DELIVER for America ’ s Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US . # AFBF18 https : //t.co/QDH7fvFkZ7
Can ’ t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @ FarmBureau Federation ’ s Annual Convention in Nashville ! # AFBF18

On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00pmE : https : //t.co/QaljAqekdD . https : //t.co/Wm7Io0hYT8
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country . The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history . Dems did nothing for you but get your vote ! # NeverForget @ foxandfriends
... Clinton in the WH , doubling down on Barack Obama ’ s failed policies , washes away any doubts that America made the right choice . This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching & amp ; necessary. ” Thank you Michael Goodwin ! https : //t.co/4fHNcx2Ydg
“ His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency . So much so that , despite my own frustration over his missteps , there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president . Not one . Indeed , as Trump ’ s accomplishments accumulate , the mere thought of ...
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices , but present and future Jobs , Jobs , Jobs . Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win !
The Fake News Awards , those going to the most corrupt & amp ; biased of the Mainstream Media , will be presented to the losers on Wednesday , January 17th , rather than this coming Monday . The interest in , and importance of , these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated !
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration . Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky !
I ’ ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President . Now I have to put up with a Fake Book , written by a totally discredited author . Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well . So will I !
Leaving Camp David for the White House . Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security & amp ; the desperately needed Wall , the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem , Infrastructure , Military , Budget , Trade and DACA .
... .to President of the United States ( on my first try ) . I think that would qualify as not smart , but genius ... .and a very stable genius at that !
... .Actually , throughout my life , my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being , like , really smart . Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and , as everyone knows , went down in flames . I went from VERY successful businessman , to top T.V . Star ... ..
Now that Russian collusion , after one year of intense study , has proven to be a total hoax on the American public , the Democrats and their lapdogs , the Fake News Mainstream Media , are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence ... ..
Brian Ross , the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points ( billions of dollars ) , was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity . He is no longer allowed to report on Trump . Should have been fired !
The African American unemployment rate fell to 6.8 % , the lowest rate in 45 years . I am so happy about this News ! And , in the Washington Post ( of all places ) , headline states , “ Trumps first year jobs numbers were very , very good . ”
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book . He used Sloppy Steve Bannon , who cried when he got fired and begged for his job . Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone . Too bad ! https : //t.co/mEeUhk5ZV9
Good idea Rand ! https : //t.co/55sqUDiC0s
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon . Smart !
Well , now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia , the Fake News Media ( Mainstream ) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable . They should try winning an election . Sad !
Dow goes from 18,589 on November 9 , 2016 , to 25,075 today , for a new all-time Record . Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks , Record fastest 1000 point move in history . This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda ! Jobs , Jobs , Jobs . Six trillion dollars in value created !
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the U.S. is booming ... but the people know ! Can you imagine if “ O ” was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth ! Dow now over 25,000 .
I authorized Zero access to White House ( actually turned him down many times ) for author of phony book ! I never spoke to him for book . Full of lies , misrepresentations and sources that don ’ t exist . Look at this guy ’ s past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve !
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/iONbr1DkVk
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform . We must BUILD THE WALL , stop illegal immigration , end chain migration & amp ; cancel the visa lottery . The current system is unsafe & amp ; unfair to the great people of our country - time for change !
Dow just crashes through 25,000 . Congrats ! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing .
So beautiful ... .Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel ! https : //t.co/tJLM1tvbvb
With all of the failed “ experts ” weighing in , does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasn ’ t firm , strong and willing to commit our total “ might ” against the North . Fools , but talks are a good thing !
As Americans , you need identification , sometimes in a very strong and accurate form , for almost everything you do ... ..except when it comes to the most important thing , VOTING for the people that run your country . Push hard for Voter Identification !
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud . They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally . System is rigged , must go to Voter I.D .
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Stock Market had another good day but , now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed , we have tremendous upward potential . Dow just short of 25,000 , a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration . Also , unemployment went down to 4.1 % . Only getting better !
“ Some 40 U.S. companies have responded to President Trump ’ s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $ 2,000 , increases in 401k matches and spending on charity , a much higher number than previously known. ” https : //t.co/bmWrwWzxMR
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S. Monson , a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ...
https : //t.co/ETD3fWtfU3
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government . You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time !
“ President Trump has something now he didn ’ t have a year ago , that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny . The accomplishments are there , look at his record , he has had a very significant first year. ” @ LouDobbs Show , David Asman & amp ; Ed Rollins
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST & amp ; CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o ’ clock . Subjects will cover Dishonesty & amp ; Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media . Stay tuned !
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “ Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times. ” Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button , but it is a much bigger & amp ; more powerful one than his , and my Button works !
... peace treaty with Israel . We have taken Jerusalem , the toughest part of the negotiation , off the table , but Israel , for that , would have had to pay more . But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace , why should we make any of these massive future payments to them ?
It 's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing , but also many other countries , and others . As an example , we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect . They don ’ t even want to negotiate a long overdue ...
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career . He has been a tremendous supporter , and I will never forget the ( beyond kind ) statements he has made about me as President . He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the U.S. Senate ! https : //t.co/0VjzLEeHTl
We will not rest until all of America ’ s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve . Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time . Keep up the great work @ SecShulkin @ DeptVetAffairs ! https : //t.co/ir25vW15hx https : //t.co/OtuzIgxMn6
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics . DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems , will start “ falling in love ” with Republicans and their President ! We are about RESULTS .
... .impartial journalists of a much higher standard , lose all of your phony and non-existent “ sources , ” and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY , so that the next time I ( and the people ) win , you won ’ t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done ! GL
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher , A.G. Sulzberger . Congratulations ! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder , Adolph Ochs , “ to give the news impartially , without fear or FAVOR , regardless of party , sect , or interests involved. ” Get ...
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation . Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017 , the best and safest year on record !
Sanctions and “ other ” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea . Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea . Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time . Perhaps that is good news , perhaps not - we will see !
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill . Really great !
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border . We will be bringing in more & amp ; more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL ! @ foxandfriends
Crooked Hillary Clinton ’ s top aid , Huma Abedin , has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols . She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents . Remember sailors pictures on submarine ? Jail ! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act ? Also on Comey & amp ; others
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime . All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “ pockets. ” The people have little food , big inflation and no human rights . The U.S. is watching !
Will be leaving Florida for Washington ( D.C. ) today at 4:00 P.M. Much work to be done , but it will be a great New Year !
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration . The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years . They are hungry for food & amp ; for freedom . Along with human rights , the wealth of Iran is being looted . TIME FOR CHANGE !
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years , and they have given us nothing but lies & amp ; deceit , thinking of our leaders as fools . They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan , with little help . No more !
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , and much faster than anyone thought possible !
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter , I want to wish all of my friends , supporters , enemies , haters , and even the very dishonest Fake News Media , a Happy and Healthy New Year . 2018 will be a great year for America !
Iran , the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basis , has now closed down the Internet so that peaceful demonstrators can not communicate . Not good !
What a year it ’ s been , and we 're just getting started . Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Happy New Year ! ! https : //t.co/qsMNyN1UJG
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @ DCSheriff , and their families . We love our police and law enforcement - God Bless them all ! # LESM
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the great wealth created during the months since the Election . People are much better off now not to mention ISIS , VA , Judges , Strong Border , 2nd A , Tax Cuts & amp ; more ?
If the Dems ( Crooked Hillary ) got elected , your stocks would be down 50 % from values on Election Day . Now they have a great future - and just beginning ! https : //t.co/9TzSC8F8vY
Big protests in Iran . The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squandered on terrorism . Looks like they will not take it any longer . The USA is watching very closely for human rights violations !
“ Trump Rally : Stocks put 2017 in the record books ” https : //t.co/0foQGaFjMh
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the U.S . Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dramatically Cut , and it will only get better . MUCH MORE TO COME !
I use Social Media not because I like to , but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “ press , ” now often referred to as Fake News Media . Phony and non-existent “ sources ” are being used more often than ever . Many stories & amp ; reports a pure fiction !
On Taxes : “ This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever , going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 years ago.This is a huge pro-growth stimulus for the economy . Every year the Obama WH overstated how the economy would grow . Now real economics and jobs. ” @ WSJ Report
Oppressive regimes can not endure forever , and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice . The world is watching ! https : //t.co/kvv1uAqcZ9
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change , and , other than the vast military power of the United States , that Iran ’ s people are what their leaders fear the most ... . https : //t.co/W8rKN9B6RT
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime ’ s corruption & amp ; its squandering of the nation ’ s wealth to fund terrorism abroad . Iranian govt should respect their people ’ s rights , including right to express themselves . The world is watching ! # IranProtests
The Democrats have been told , and fully understand , that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL at the Southern Border and an END to the horrible Chain Migration & amp ; ridiculous Lottery System of Immigration etc . We must protect our Country at all cost !
Why is the United States Post Office , which is losing many billions of dollars a year , while charging Amazon and others so little to deliver their packages , making Amazon richer and the Post Office dumber and poorer ? Should be charging MUCH MORE !
RT @ charliekirk11 : Incredible video : @ CBS does a special on the GOP tax plan

The result ?

Every middle class family they sat down with SA…
RT @ charliekirk11 : ISIS getting slaughtered :

Square miles liberated from ISIS
Trump : 26,000 -- Obama : 13,200

Total Square miles held by…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ charliekirk11 : `` What this president has done is truly historic , and if a Democrat president achieved 1/10th of what @ POT…
RT @ charliekirk11 : 3 big wins in 2017 you wo n't hear :

Trump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a President 's 1st year ( all co…
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating , @ foxandfriends just showed that my rating on Dec. 28 , 2017 , was approximately the same as President Obama on Dec. 28 , 2009 , which was 47 % ... and this despite massive negative Trump coverage & amp ; Russia hoax !
In the East , it could be the COLDEST New Year ’ s Eve on record . Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old Global Warming that our Country , but not other countries , was going to pay TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS to protect against . Bundle up !
Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/OeyTdFyl1Q https : //t.co/wdLQkfdy4m
RT @ realDonaldTrump : “ Arrests of MS-13 Members , Associates Up 83 % Under Trump ”
https : //t.co/70iPHy2Yqn
RT @ DanScavino : Congratulations to the 2017 @ PinstripeBowl ( Yankee Stadium ) Champions , Iowa @ HawkeyeFootball ! https : //t.co/NlaWU6bKmH
RT @ EricTrump : # ThrowbackThursdays
@ realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Z44IObGZ7V
RT @ IvankaTrump : “ The Trump economy is booming. ” One thing @ realDonaldTrump “ has done that has received little attention despite arguably d…
I 've been saying it for a long , long time . # NoKo https : //t.co/LQl7tGhMdO
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea . There will never be a friendly solution to the North Korea problem if this continues to happen !
Retail sales are at record numbers . We ’ ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven ’ t seen anything yet !
Vanity Fair , which looks like it is on its last legs , is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour , who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James ’ s & amp ; a big fundraiser for CH , is beside herself in grief & amp ; begging for forgiveness !
“ Arrests of MS-13 Members , Associates Up 83 % Under Trump ”
https : //t.co/70iPHy2Yqn
“ On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35,000 ISIS fighters held approx 17,500 square miles of territory in both Iraq and Syria . As of 12/21 , the U.S. military est the remaining 1,000 or so fighters occupy roughly 1,900 square miles.. ” @ jamiejmcintyre @ dcexaminer https : //t.co/OgYEuDgzD2
Just left West Palm Beach Fire & amp ; Rescue # 2 . Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much for all of us . Firefighters , paramedics , first responders - what amazing people they are !
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year , only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill . Will be a great year for Companies and JOBS ! Stock Market is poised for another year of SUCCESS !
WOW , @ foxandfrlends “ Dossier is bogus . Clinton Campaign , DNC funded Dossier . FBI CAN NOT ( after all of this time ) VERIFY CLAIMS IN DOSSIER OF RUSSIA/TRUMP COLLUSION . FBI TAINTED. ” And they used this Crooked Hillary pile of garbage as the basis for going after the Trump Campaign !
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut Bill , which essentially Repeals ( over time ) ObamaCare , the Democrats & amp ; Republicans will eventually come together and develop a great new HealthCare plan !
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas , then tomorrow it ’ s back to work in order to Make America Great Again ( which is happening faster than anyone anticipated ) !
RT @ EricTrump : We should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price — Their bravery and sacrifice allows us t…
MERRY CHRISTMAS ! ! ! https : //t.co/mYtV5GNdLl
MERRY CHRISTMAS ! ! https : //t.co/xa2qxcisVV
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again . I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our cherished and beautiful phrase . MERRY CHRISTMAS ! ! ! ! !
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill , including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate , brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had . Don ’ t let the Fake News convince you otherwise ... and our insider Polls are strong !
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is . They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News . Despite only negative reporting , we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
RT @ shawgerald4 : @ realDonaldTrump Thank you President TRUMP ! ! https : //t.co/LKdkT0FL99
. @ FoxNews-FBI ’ s Andrew McCabe , “ in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M ( Clinton Puppet ) , he was using , allegedly , his FBI Official Email Account to promote her campaign . You obviously can not do this . These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton . ”
Remember , the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year . In Senate , I said Roy M would lose in Alabama and supported Big Luther Strange - and Roy lost . Virginia candidate was not a “ Trumper , ” and he lost . Good Republican candidates will win BIG !
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low . So many things accomplished by the Trump Administration , perhaps more than any other President in first year . Sadly , will never be reported correctly by the Fake News Media !
Wow , “ FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned , ” according to @ FoxNews .
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits . 90 days to go ? ! ! !
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe , the man in charge , along with leakin ’ James Comey , of the Phony Hillary Clinton investigation ( including her 33,000 illegally deleted emails ) be given $ 700,000 for wife ’ s campaign by Clinton Puppets during investigation ?
RT @ EricTrump : # JournalismIsDead https : //t.co/xZaJD5ADb7
Remember , the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate , which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill .
Today , it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country . Full remarks : https : //t.co/kMxoxEB68G https : //t.co/OeAoA0sLfx
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea . The World wants Peace , not Death !
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader , Yale and then Harvard Law , who would make a GREAT Governor of Florida . He loves our Country and is a true FIGHTER !
95 % of Americans will pay less or , at worst , the same amount of taxes ( mostly far less ) . The Dems only want to raise your taxes !
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office . Will also be signing a much needed 4 billion dollar missile defense bill .
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals ( broke Harry Truman ’ s Record ) , Regulation Cutting , Judicial Appointments , Building Military , VA , TAX CUTS & amp ; REFORM , Record Economy/Stock Market and so much more , I am sure great credit will be given by mainstream news ?
“ The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. ” Thank you Charlie Kirk of Turning Points USA . Sadly , the Fake Mainstream Media will NEVER talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews . We are compiling a long & amp ; beautiful list .
At some point , and for the good of the country , I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan fashion . Infrastructure would be a perfect place to start . After having foolishly spent $ 7 trillion in the Middle East , it is time to start rebuilding our country !
So true ! https : //t.co/1c8hu6O5t9
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “ love ” - that is big companies and corporations showering their workers with bonuses . This is a phenomenon that nobody even thought of , and now it is the rage . Merry Christmas !
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @ WhiteHouse yesterday . Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/9HgcBKDSxo https : //t.co/dTMU8OwmWB
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular , just passed , Tax Cuts . House Republicans , don ’ t let this happen . Pass the C.R . TODAY and keep our Government OPEN !
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was @ foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news ? You deserve it - three great people ! The many Fake News Hate Shows should study your formula for success !
The Massive Tax Cuts , which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bosses , will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves . Companies are already making big payments to workers . Dems want to raise taxes , hate these big Cuts !
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/HY353gXV0R
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people !
# TaxCutsandJobsAct https : //t.co/lLgATrCh5o
Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/47k9i4p3J2
I would like to congratulate @ SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically & amp ; politically on the passing in the Senate of the MASSIVE TAX CUT & amp ; Reform Bill . I could have not asked for a better or more talented partner . Our team will go onto many more VICTORIES !
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful , and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends , the defeated Dems , and only demean . This is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves , starting very soon . Jobs , Jobs , Jobs !
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill . Terrible Individual Mandate ( ObamaCare ) Repealed . Goes to the House tomorrow morning for final vote . If approved , there will be a News Conference at The White House at approximately 1:00 P.M .
Congratulations to Paul Ryan , Kevin McCarthy , Kevin Brady , Steve Scalise , Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House Republicans who voted in favor of cutting your taxes !
A story in the @ washingtonpost that I was close to “ rescinding ” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirmation is FAKE NEWS . I never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court . The unnamed sources don ’ t exist !
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and size . Immediate expensing will have a big impact . Biggest Tax Cuts and Reform EVER passed . Enjoy , and create many beautiful JOBS !
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Together , our task is to strengthen our families , to build up our communities , to serve our citizens , and to celebrate AMERICAN GREATNESS as a shining example to the world ... . https : //t.co/ds6tZlgJpA
With the strategy that I announced today , we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WIN !

OUR FOUR PILLARS OF NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY : https : //t.co/B3POaMVID8
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year ! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period . Wow !
Thank you Maria B ! https : //t.co/v1UR63CqLK
So true Ivanka ! https : //t.co/BNGUJG69Ki
As the world watches , we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses . It will be the BIGGEST TAX CUT and TAX REFORM in the HISTORY of our country ! https : //t.co/EvcAkjuf8w
When the American People speak , ALL OF US should listen . Just over one year ago , you spoke loud and clear . On November 8 , 2016 , you voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/3AOv53S0PU
Over the past 11 months , I have travelled tens of thousands of miles , to visit 13 countries . I have met with more than 100 world leaders and everywhere I traveled , it was my highest privilege and greatest honor to represent the AMERICAN PEOPLE ! https : //t.co/7SDsEeIhJH
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State . We are closely monitoring the situation and coordinating with local authorities ... https : //t.co/Gyf5BdVm4G
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont , Washington . Thank you to all of our wonderful First Responders who are on the scene . We are currently monitoring here at the White House .
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont , WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructure plan must be approved quickly . Seven trillion dollars spent in the Middle East while our roads , bridges , tunnels , railways ( and more ) crumble ! Not for long !
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends .
Remember , Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year . The media refuses to mention this . I said Gillespie and Moore would lose ( for very different reasons ) , and they did . I also predicted “ I ” would win . Republicans will do well in 2018 , very well ! @ foxandfriends
More than a century after conquering flight , the # WrightBrothers continue to motivate & amp ; inspire Americans , who never tire of exploration & amp ; innovation . This GREAT AMERICAN SPIRIT can be found in the design of every new supersonic jet and next generation : https : //t.co/NeKPMgkdg8 https : //t.co/pODjl00lAy
Wonderful weekend at Camp David . A very special place . A lot of very important work done . Heading back to the @ WhiteHouse now . https : //t.co/cKxlsdr1ut
As a candidate , I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and the heartbeat of our country . Now , we are just days away ... https : //t.co/MADTGUMktX
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 https : //t.co/1sH20Hb33x
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers , leading to higher growth , higher wages , and more JOBS ! https : //t.co/4GxM8psMU1
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys , Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie , on the success of their just out book , “ Let Trump Be Trump. ” Finally people with real knowledge are writing about our wonderful and exciting campaign !
Great job Kevin , we are all proud of you ! https : //t.co/K6hEEaOxKt
RT @ RepKristiNoem : A lot of tough decisions got us to this point , but we ’ re closer than we ’ ve been in 30+ years to a fairer tax code that k…
RT @ SpeakerRyan : For individuals and families , the final Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act :
✔lowers individual taxes
✔nearly doubles the standard deducti…
RT @ PressSec : . @ POTUS historic tax cuts + doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals ' p…
DOW , S & amp ; P 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs ! # MAGA https : //t.co/hvqwnqSGuG
Today , it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One ( HMX-1 ) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in Quantico , Virginia .

I am honored to serve as your Commander-in-Chief . On behalf of an entire Nation , THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service . We love you ! https : //t.co/eLOTc7do52
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE .

Thank you to our police , thank you to our sheriffs , and thank you to our law enforcement families . God Bless you all , and GOD BLESS AMERICA ! # LESM https : //t.co/9ejiddVL9h
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico , CONGRATULATIONS ! https : //t.co/bGT8S33ZLU
It was my honor . THANK YOU ! https : //t.co/1LvqbRQ1bi
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump is the Paycheck President . Learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket & amp ; how to contact…
“ Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey ” https : //t.co/LuV4BMp0Xc
In 1960 , there were approximately 20,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations . Today there are over 185,000 pages , as seen in the Roosevelt Room .

Today , we CUT THE RED TAPE ! It is time to SET FREE OUR DREAMS and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/teAVNzjvcx
When Americans are free to thrive , innovate , & amp ; prosper , there is no challenge too great , no task too large , & amp ; no goal beyond our reach .

We are a nation of explorers , pioneers , innovators & amp ; inventors . We are nation of people who work hard , dream big , & amp ; who never , ever give up ... https : //t.co/9LVdp6zOgZ
Today , we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason : to CUT THE RED TAPE ! For many decades , an ever-growing maze of regs , rules , and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars , millions of jobs , countless American factories , & amp ; devastated entire industries . https : //t.co/ostXOVnckf
As a candidate , I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday , working Americans . If you make your voices heard , this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning – the dawn of a brilliant American future shining with PATRIOTISM , PROSPERITY AND PRIDE ! https : //t.co/exsBzrlCdw
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good . All are working hard . In the meantime , the Stock Market hit another record high !
Thank you Omarosa for your service ! I wish you continued success .
If last night ’ s election proved anything , it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the House and Senate .
Wow , more than 90 % of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative , with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories . Hence my use of Social Media , the only way to get the truth out . Much of Mainstream Meadia has become a joke ! @ foxandfriends
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange ( and his numbers went up mightily ) , is that I said Roy Moore will not be able to win the General Election . I was right ! Roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him !
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory . The write-in votes played a very big factor , but a win is a win . The people of Alabama are great , and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time . It never ends !
Wishing all of those celebrating # Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love . https : //t.co/A5W0PDWBxp https : //t.co/D9MVVPq39x
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High , along with a Record High Stock Market . Unemployment is at a 17 year low . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! Working to pass MASSIVE TAX CUTS ( looking good ) .
The people of Alabama will do the right thing . Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion , weak on Crime , Military and Illegal Immigration , Bad for Gun Owners and Veterans and against the WALL . Jones is a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet . Roy Moore will always vote with us . VOTE ROY MOORE !
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand , a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “ begging ” for campaign contributions not so long ago ( and would do anything for them ) , is now in the ring fighting against Trump . Very disloyal to Bill & amp ; Crooked-USED !
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent , the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don ’ t know and/or have never met . FAKE NEWS !
Another false story , this time in the Failing @ nytimes , that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong ! Also , I seldom , if ever , watch CNN or MSNBC , both of which I consider Fake News . I never watch Don Lemon , who I once called the “ dumbest man on television ! ” Bad Reporting .
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media . They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them . Major lies written , then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed ... a stain on America !
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill . Shaping up even better than projected . House and Senate working very hard and smart . End result will be not only important , but SPECIAL !
Things are going really well for our economy , a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing ! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH , unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA . Really good news , and much more to come !
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country . Our cities should be Sanctuaries for Americans – not for criminal aliens ! https : //t.co/CvtkCG1pln
Great Army - Navy Game . Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF ’ S TROPHY ! Congratulations !
. @ daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE ( fraud ? ) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in Pensacola when , in fact , he knew the arena was packed ( as shown also on T.V. ) . FAKE NEWS , he should be fired .
. @ DaveWeigel @ WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue , w/ thousands of people outside , on their way in . Real photos now shown as I spoke . Packed house , many people unable to get in . Demand apology & amp ; retraction from FAKE NEWS WaPo ! https : //t.co/XAblFGh1ob
Have a great game today , @ USArmy and @ USNavy - I will be watching .

We love our U.S. Military . On behalf of an entire Nation , THANK YOU for your sacrifice and service !
# ArmyNavyGame # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/8m1W9rFwIh
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum & amp ; the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum . We pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past & amp ; dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom , equality , justice & amp ; peace . https : //t.co/5AkgVpV8aa
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor , @ PhilBryantMS . Look forward to seeing the new Civil Rights Museum !
CNN ’ S slogan is CNN , THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS . Everyone knows this is not true , that this could , in fact , be a fraud on the American Public . There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN . Their slogan should be CNN , THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS !
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday . They were caught red handed , just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News ( who should be immediately fired for his “ mistake ” ) . Watch to see if @ CNN fires those responsible , or was it just gross incompetence ?
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night . We can ’ t have a Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Democrat , Jones , in that important Alabama Senate seat . Need your vote to Make America Great Again ! Jones will always vote against what we must do for our Country .
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola , Florida . Arena was packed to the rafters , the crowd was loud , loving and really smart . They definitely get what ’ s going on . Thank you Pensacola !
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem , and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION UNDER GOD ! https : //t.co/r2ITtWwfVs
This is your land , this is your home , and it 's your voice that matters the most . So speak up , be heard , and fight , fight , fight for the change you 've been waiting for your entire life !

MERRY CHRISTMAS and THANK YOU Pensacola , Florida ! https : //t.co/geWGzpzRp6
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center . Join me LIVE on @ FoxNews in 10 minutes ! # MAGA https : //t.co/RQFqOkcpNV
On my way to Pensacola , Florida . See everyone soon ! # MAGA https : //t.co/ijwxVSYQ52
“ The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1 % . The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6 % , the lowest ever recorded . The unemployment rate among Hispanics dropped to 4.7 % , the lowest ever recorded ... ”
@ SecretaryAcosta @ USDOL https : //t.co/vou28s0yHN
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/64a93S07s7
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped , as has incorrectly been reported , but will be pursued and , if anything , substantially increased . I will cut Regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating !
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin for victory already . The Pelosi/Schumer Puppet Jones would vote against us 100 % of the time . He ’ s bad on Crime , Life , Border , Vets , Guns & amp ; Military . VOTE ROY MOORE !
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola , Florida , for a Make America Great Again speech . We have done so much in so short a period of time ... and yet are planning to do so much more ! See you there !
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn ’ t ! https : //t.co/bYdaOHmPVJ
Tonight , @ FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @ WhiteHouse – and wish them all a very # HappyHanukkah
https : //t.co/wyPkpTsP1i https : //t.co/XhNXZSBEC8
Across the battlefields , oceans , and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war , one great battle cry could be heard by America ’ s friends and foes alike :
“ REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR. ” https : //t.co/dfev02TwIr
Today , as we Remember Pearl Harbor , it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack on 12/7/1941 . They are HEROES , and they are living witnesses to American History . All American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice . https : //t.co/x5LDl25o30
Today , the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @ WhiteHouse , in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day . https : //t.co/LkXsBx2JF8 https : //t.co/ogmpydr5LK
Today , our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for America .

God Bless our HEROES who wear the uniform , and God Bless the United States of America . # PearlHarborRemembranceDay🇺🇸 https : //t.co/qGhlsPlxtH
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “ A day that will live in infamy ! ” December 7 , 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian Kilmeade ... Really good . @ foxandfriends
RT @ EricTrump : # MakeAmericaGreatAgain https : //t.co/YpfVHtq8tE
RT @ ChuckGrassley : Jerusalem Embassy Act of ‘ 95 ( Senate vote 93-5 & amp ; I voted for it ) states embassy should be in Jerusalem by 5/31/99 . For 1…
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . I am also directing the State Department to begin preparation to move the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem ... https : //t.co/YwgWmT0O8m
Join me live from the @ WhiteHouse via # Periscope
https : //t.co/wLXKoISSTG
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California ’ s wildfires . I encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials . THANK YOU to all First Responders for your incredible work ! https : //t.co/g9y9PkB352
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
RT @ Scavino45 : Time lapse video of the border wall prototypes , when they were being built in San Diego . Next phase underway : testing and ev…
Join me this Friday in Pensacola , Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center ! Tickets : https : //t.co/zA7SGgWqBE https : //t.co/QzFdxQdgAL
Yesterday , I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends , in Utah ’ s MAGNIFICENT Capitol .

It was my honor to sign two Presidential Proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both Bears Ears and Grand Staircase Escalante ...
https : //t.co/jiTHcPovCi https : //t.co/dIpdAUVoRB
A must watch : Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @ foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history . Enjoy !
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes , this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU !
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on taxes , tough on crime , strong on military and borders ... & amp ; so much more . Look at your 401-k ’ s since Election . Highest Stock Market EVER ! Jobs are roaring back !
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama . We need his vote on stopping crime , illegal immigration , Border Wall , Military , Pro Life , V.A. , Judges 2nd Amendment and more . No to Jones , a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet !
Report : “ ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE ” Now it all starts to make sense !
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Brian Ross of @ ABC News ( he has been suspended ) , should consider hiring a lawyer and suing ABC for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars !
After years of Comey , with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation ( and more ) , running the FBI , its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History ! But fear not , we will bring it back to greatness .
Tainted ( no , very dishonest ? ) FBI “ agent ’ s role in Clinton probe under review. ” Led Clinton Email probe . @ foxandfriends Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge .
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco ! https : //t.co/MSIkBCKF3t
RT @ paulsperry_ : Wray needs to clean house . Now we know the politicization even worse than McCabe 's ties to McAuliffe/Clinton . It also infe…
RT @ paulsperry_ : BREAKING : top FBI investigator for Mueller -- PETER STRZOK -- busted sending political text messages bashing Trump & amp ; praising…
RT @ GovChristie : . @ POTUS has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other President . https : //t.co/EfjJVrE29G
RT @ PressSec : The Trump effect : “ The U.S. economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade ” -WSJ
https : //t.co/ee5N0z…
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn . Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie !
Congratulations to @ ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia , Russia , Russia Witch Hunt . More Networks and “ papers ” should do the same with their Fake News !
Many people in our Country are asking what the “ Justice ” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Crooked Hillary , AFTER receiving a subpoena from the United States Congress , deleted and “ acid washed ” 33,000 Emails ? No justice !
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed , while Crooked Hillary Clinton , on that now famous FBI holiday “ interrogation ” with no swearing in and no recording , lies many times ... and nothing happens to her ? Rigged system , or just a double standard ?
Great job First Lady Melania ! https : //t.co/TRuvaftPcD
62 years ago this week , a brave seamstress in Montgomery , Alabama uttered one word that changed history ... https : //t.co/eOvCBcMIKX
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI . He has pled guilty to those lies . It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful . There was nothing to hide !
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate . Now these great Republicans will be going for final passage . Thank you to House and Senate Republicans for your hard work and commitment !
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America . Special thanks to @ SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell and Chairman @ SenOrrinHatch for shepherding our bill through the Senate . Look forward to signing a final bill before Christmas ! https : //t.co/gmWTny3SfS
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT :

“ The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS ... ” https : //t.co/2vCBDtLh3C
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS ! He ’ s not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects , ( I call the final shots ) we work well together and America is highly respected again !
https : //t.co/FrqiPLFJ1E
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump proclaims today as # WorldAIDSDay : https : //t.co/AMqW8mWiak https : //t.co/XGp8EelNzz
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country . The Bill is getting better and better . This is a once in a generation chance . Obstructionist Dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit !
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon . The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 Elections .
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border , always committing crimes and being violent , and yet this info was not used in court . His exoneration is a complete travesty of justice . BUILD THE WALL !
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case ! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration .
The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother , a father , their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of all—the gift of God ’ s love for all of humanity .

Whatever our beliefs , we know that the birth of Jesus Christ and the story of his life ... https : //t.co/P94C3LjWlx
Today is a day that I ’ ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG . It is one that you have heard me speak about many times before .

Now , as President of the United States , it is my tremendous honor to finally wish America and the world , a very MERRY CHRISTMAS ! https : //t.co/cTvdlUkfHV
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017 !
# DOW24K # MAGA https : //t.co/NoVt1uFp0y
Today , it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @ WhiteHouse . Bahrain and the United States are important partners .

During the Crown Prince ’ s visit , he is advancing $ 9 BILLION in commercial deals , including finalizing the purchase of F-16 ’ s ... https : //t.co/vYuw7UGYmN
Thank you @ SenOrrinHatch . Let ’ s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/PIv9OAVZcf https : //t.co/6egRvuwj1l
The Dow just broke 24,000 for the first time ( another all-time Record ) . If the Dems had won the Presidential Election , the Market would be down 50 % from these levels and Consumer Confidence , which is also at an all-time high , would be “ low and glum ! ”
Stock Market hits new Record High . Confidence and enthusiasm abound . More great numbers coming out !
The Chinese Envoy , who just returned from North Korea , seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man . Hard to believe his people , and the military , put up with living in such horrible conditions . Russia and China condemned the launch .
The Failing @ nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went Rogue ! @ foxandfriends
The Failing @ nytimes , the pipe organ for the Democrat Party , has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive Tax Cut Bill . They are wrong so often that now I know we have a winner !
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years !
“ Had the information ( Crooked Hillary ’ s emails ) been released there would have been harm to National Security ... . ''
Charles McCullough
Fmr Intel Comm Inspector General https : //t.co/b0tLW5TVhX
The only people who don ’ t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don ’ t understand it or the Obstructionist Democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the Republicans !
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations ( ? ) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding key documents and an FBI witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of Donald Trump . Big stuff . Deep State . Give this information NOW ! @ FoxNews
. @ Theresa_May , don ’ t focus on me , focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom . We are doing just fine !
Now , we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA ’ S DESTINY .

But in order to achieve this bright and glowing future , the SENATE MUST PASS TAX CUTS – and bring Main Street roaring back to life !
https : //t.co/jMNwEMrbbr https : //t.co/3Niu0thp1D
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST . It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS , to protect OUR COMMUNITIES , and to REBUILD OUR GREAT COUNTRY ! https : //t.co/wW3QNxcCHf https : //t.co/sRL2yRK6k2
This week , the Senate can join the House & amp ; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of America . Together , we will give the American people a big , beautiful Christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets Americans keep more of their HARD-EARNED MONEY ! https : //t.co/9jddEW2Oo5
Departing @ JBA_NAFW for St. Charles , Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line .

A successful vote in the Senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the American people !
https : //t.co/jR1DEUnm2h https : //t.co/XF9sRwdV8u
Economy growing ! Excluding hurricane effects , CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 3.9 % in Q3 .

Stock market at a new high , unemployment at a low . We are winning and TAX CUTS will shift our economy into high gear ! https : //t.co/HrKIF72VqE
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea . Additional major sanctions will be imposed on North Korea today . This situation will be handled !
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Griffin ? And will they terminate low ratings Joe Scarborough based on the “ unsolved mystery ” that took place in Florida years ago ? Investigate !
Wow , Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “ inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. ” But when will the top executives at NBC & amp ; Comcast be fired for putting out so much Fake News . Check out Andy Lack ’ s past !
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market . Consumer Confidence is at Record High . I guess somebody likes me ( my policies ) !
Great , and we should boycott Fake News CNN . Dealing with them is a total waste of time ! https : //t.co/8zJ3j7g5el
. @ foxandfriends , we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy ! https : //t.co/VB0Ao3s18d
RT @ EricTrump : # MakeAmericaGreatAgain https : //t.co/Q7AiR0buM2
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party . But the biggest Winner will be our great Country !
Great work Ivanka ! https : //t.co/AQL4JLvnDh
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , CFPB . A big win for the Consumer !
Charles McCullough , the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General , said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Emails . “ Emails endangered National Security. ” Why aren ’ t our deep State authorities looking at this ? Rigged & amp ; corrupt ? @ TuckerCarlson @ seanhannity
After North Korea missile launch , it 's more important than ever to fund our gov't & amp ; military ! Dems should n't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty & amp ; illegal immigration . I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big . They ca n't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands .
RT @ narendramodi : Had a wonderful meeting with @ IvankaTrump , advisor to @ POTUS and leader of the US delegation at the @ GES2017 . https : //t.c…
“ The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November . The Consumer Confidence Index rose from 126.2 in October to 129.5 , notching its best reading since December 2000 ... ” https : //t.co/iNOtT3K8Vn
Dow , S & amp ; P 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS ! https : //t.co/wJyB9d00hh
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @ SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell , @ SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense , General James Mattis . https : //t.co/lZMqK5jBvh
“ Statement from President Donald J. Trump on # GivingTuesday ” https : //t.co/NrfnmixAwR
RT @ IvankaTrump : It was an honor to meet with you Prime Minister Modi . Thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summ…
Meeting with “ Chuck and Nancy ” today about keeping government open and working . Problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our Country unchecked , are weak on Crime and want to substantially RAISE Taxes . I don ’ t see a deal !
RT @ IvankaTrump : Thank you for the warm welcome . I ’ m excited to be in Hyderabad , India for # GES2017 . https : //t.co/1U08h5L9Rm
RT @ FLOTUS : The decorations are up ! @ WhiteHouse is ready to celebrate ! Wishing you a Merry Christmas & amp ; joyous holiday season ! https : //t.co/…
RT @ statedeptspox : # GES2017 highlights the important role of women # entrepreneurs & amp ; demonstrates the importance of # innovation & amp ; partnershi…
RT @ FLOTUS : Had a wonderful visit from @ JBA_NAFW children today at the @ whitehouse ! # WhiteHouseChristmas https : //t.co/Hnw758zHzL
Melania , our great and very hard working First Lady , who truly loves what she is doing , always thought that “ if you run , you will win. ” She would tell everyone that , “ no doubt , he will win. ” I also felt I would win ( or I would not have run ) - and Country is doing great !
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up . The American public is fed up with the disrespect the NFL is paying to our Country , our Flag and our National Anthem . Weak and out of control !
Thank you Rand ! https : //t.co/NvPeleVmub
New home sales reach a 10 year high . Stock Market has more record gains . Hopefully Republican Senators will give us the much needed Tax Cuts to keep it all going ! Democrats want big Tax Increases .
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well , great support . With just a few changes , some mathematical , the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well !
The good news is that their ratings are terrible , nobody cares ! https : //t.co/I7h4Ryin3h
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks , plus CNN and not including Fox , is the most dishonest , corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President ( me ) . They are all bad . Winner to receive the FAKE NEWS TROPHY !
Back in D.C. , big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country . Senate Republicans will hopefully come through for all of us . The Tax Cut Bill is getting better and better . The end result will be great for ALL !
Since the first day I took office , all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election , Russia , Russia , Russia . Despite this I have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month President . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary . He shot way up in the polls but it wasn ’ t enough . Can ’ t let Schumer/Pelosi win this race . Liberal Jones would be BAD !
The last thing we need in Alabama and the U.S. Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime , WEAK on the Border , Bad for our Military and our great Vets , Bad for our 2nd Amendment , AND WANTS TO RAISES TAXES TO THE SKY . Jones would be a disaster !
Wow , even I didn ’ t realize we did so much . Wish the Fake News would report ! Thank you . https : //t.co/ApVbu2b0Jd
. @ FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN , but outside of the U.S. , CNN International is still a major source of ( Fake ) news , and they represent our Nation to the WORLD very poorly . The outside world does not see the truth from them !
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @ WSJ about what a complete disaster the @ CFPB has been under its leader from previous Administration , who just quit !
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , or CFPB , has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations pick . Financial Institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public . We will bring it back to life !
Happy # SmallBusinessSaturday !

A great day to support your community and America ’ s JOB creators by shopping locally at a # SmallBiz . # ShopSmall https : //t.co/pBQaBHvl7k
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “ Man ( Person ) of the Year , ” like last year , but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot . I said probably is no good and took a pass . Thanks anyway !
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack , with so much loss of life . We have to get TOUGHER AND SMARTER than ever before , and we will . Need the WALL , need the BAN ! God bless the people of Egypt .
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt . The world can not tolerate terrorism , we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence !
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club , Jupiter , to play golf ( quickly ) with Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson . Then back to Mar-a-Lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the USA !
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I inherited in the Middle East . I will get it all done , but what a mistake , in lives and dollars ( 6 trillion ) , to be there in the first place !
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country , our Flag , our Anthem continues without penalty to the players . The Commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league . Players are the boss ! https : //t.co/udXP5MR8BC
Two great people ! https : //t.co/5cVnMhnmuH
A great guy ( with great ratings ) ! https : //t.co/S0S6xqrjSC
RT @ DeptofDefense : # HappyThanksgiving from @ USArmy and @ USNationalGuard # soldiers serving with Task Force Marauder in # Afghanistan . 🦃 https…
RT @ Scavino45 : Today , @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump and @ FLOTUS Melania visit the @ USCG at the Lake Worth Inlet Station , in Riviera Beach , Florid…
ObamaCare premiums are going up , up , up , just as I have been predicting for two years . ObamaCare is OWNED by the Democrats , and it is a disaster . But do not worry . Even though the Dems want to Obstruct , we will Repeal & amp ; Replace right after Tax Cuts !
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @ USCG , at the Lake Worth Inlet Station , in Riviera Beach , Florida today !
# HappyThanksgiving https : //t.co/C35HR9opbP
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! https : //t.co/nQhi7XopMW
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 A.M. Afghanistan , Iraq , USS Monterey , Turkey & amp ; Bahrain . Then going to Coast Guard Quarters , Florida .
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
@ ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
HAPPY THANKSGIVING , your Country is starting to do really well . Jobs coming back , highest Stock Market EVER , Military getting really strong , we will build the WALL , V.A . taking care of our Vets , great Supreme Court Justice , RECORD CUT IN REGS , lowest unemployment in 17 years ... . !
... .And it will get even better with Tax Cuts ! https : //t.co/75wozGJQoP
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine . 45 people aboard and not much time left . May God be with them and the people of Argentina !
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years ( AAA ) . Traffic and airports are running very smoothly ! @ FoxNews
RT @ FLOTUS : Preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the @ WhiteHouse ! https : //t.co/N5qZ1NP8ez
The @ USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash . We are monitoring the situation . Prayers for all involved . https : //t.co/1AxmegKqvu
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida ( Mar-a-Lago ) . Stock Market hit new Record High yesterday - $ 5.5 trillion gain since E. Many companies coming back to the U.S. Military building up and getting very strong .
RT @ IngrahamAngle : “ Far right ” ? You mean “ right so far , ” as in @ realDonaldTrump has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season . That ’ s almost as bad as kneeling ! When will the highly paid Commissioner finally get tough and smart ? This issue is killing your league ! ... ..
... LaVar , you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China , but no NBA contract to support you . But remember LaVar , shoplifting is NOT a little thing . It ’ s a really big deal , especially in China . Ungrateful fool !
It wasn ’ t the White House , it wasn ’ t the State Department , it wasn ’ t father LaVar ’ s so-called people on the ground in China that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME . Too bad ! LaVar is just a poor man ’ s version of Don King , but without the hair . Just think..
Today , we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House . Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains at Gobbler ’ s Rest ... https : //t.co/fsS8B8f5UR
President Donald J. Trump and @ FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House . https : //t.co/Zauqz4jfWv
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4 % . Analysts predict economic boom for 2018 ! @ foxandfriends and @ Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL ’ s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National Anthem . Great disrespect ! Next time NFL should suspend him for remainder of season . Attendance and ratings way down .
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved . Hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the American public !
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border , another badly hurt . We will seek out and bring to justice those responsible . We will , and must , build the Wall !
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of Elephants or any other animal .
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China , as it should be ( 5-10 years in jail ) , but not to father LaVar . Should have gotten his son out during my next trip to China instead . China told them why they were released . Very ungrateful !
Sen. Jeff Flake ( y ) , who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona ( quit race , anemic polls ) was caught ( purposely ) on “ mike ” saying bad things about your favorite President . He ’ ll be a NO on tax cuts because his political career anyway is “ toast . ”
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail , LaVar Ball , the father of LiAngelo , is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal . I should have left them in jail !
RT @ greta : Thank you @ realDonaldTrump - this is important to so many of us https : //t.co/zJAfZByQKX
RT @ piersmorgan : BOOM ! Thank you , Mr President . Trophy-hunting is repellent . https : //t.co/iEPfEQNX4t
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst ( and biggest ) loser of all time . She just can ’ t stop , which is so good for the Republican Party . Hillary , get on with your life and give it another try in three years !
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts . Under study for years . Will update soon with Secretary Zinke . Thank you !
Today , it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @ WhiteHouse !
# NCAAChampions🏆Photos : https : //t.co/Ecl2phhzyl https : //t.co/w8jE24pLwa
Together , we 're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities , and we 're going to destroy the vile criminal cartel , # MS13 , and many other gangs ...

'Hundreds arrested in MS-13 crackdown '
https : //t.co/Mp268d8RaU https : //t.co/mrynwnTuoO
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes , we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill !
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy . If we get Tax Cuts and Reform , we 'll really see some great results !
.And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women . Lesley Stahl tape ?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad , speaks a thousand words . Where do his hands go in pictures 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 & amp ; 6 while she sleeps ? ... ..
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform , 227-205 . Zero Dems , they want to raise taxes much higher , but not for our military !
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the # TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic TAX CUTS for the American people by the end of the year ! https : //t.co/8FjefMj6hh
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again .
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move , we 'll see what happens !
... .your release possible and , HAVE A GREAT LIFE ! Be careful , there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life !
To the three UCLA basketball players I say : You 're welcome , go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made ... ..
Big vote tomorrow in the House . Tax cuts are getting close !
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business ( jobs ) ? The reason : Obstruction and Delay !
It is actually hard to believe how naive ( or dumb ) the Failing @ nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy ... weak and ineffective !
... They should realize that these relationships are a good thing , not a bad thing . The U.S. is being respected again . Watch Trade !
The failing @ nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping , President of China ... ..
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump ? They were headed for 10 years in jail !
Thank you ! https : //t.co/EQMwv1XbiM
Thank you , working hard ! https : //t.co/TmNdNPBJ3m
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @ CNN , which I have not done in months , and again realized how bad , and FAKE , it is . Loser !
. @ foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia , and the friendships & amp ; benefits that will endure for years to come !
Our great country is respected again in Asia . You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come !
RT @ Scavino45 : 20,295 miles later # POTUSinAsia has successfully concluded as @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump lands on the South Lawn of @ WhiteHouse…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Unemployment is down to 4.1 % , lowest in 17 years . 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office . Highest stock Mark…
RT @ PChowka : Sean Hannity 's Big Week - Top Ratings , Probing Reporting , and Let There Be Light at American Thinker https : //t.co/b0RxpZd3Lb h…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @ PacificCommand .

Remember # PearlHarbor . Remember the @ USSArizona !

A day…
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days . Great to be home !
THANK YOU ASIA ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/FziKSbrzcu
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines . Keep up the GREAT WORK ! https : //t.co/3ABVXTsJM0
One of the most accurate polls last time around . But # FakeNews likes to say we ’ re in the 30 ’ s . They are wrong . Some people think numbers could be in the 50 's . Together , WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/YhrwkdObhP
I will be making a major statement from the @ WhiteHouse upon my return to D.C. Time and date to be set .
Just arrived at # ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders . Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS , unlike the horror shows from past Administrations . Will then be leaving for D.C. Made many good friends !
After my tour of Asia , all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed . The United States has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion . The massive TRADE deficits must go down quickly !
Great to see @ RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor . He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM !
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS !

# MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
I am proud of the Rep. House & amp ; Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes { & amp ; reform . } We ’ re getting close ! Now , how about ending the unfair & amp ; highly unpopular Indiv Mandate in OCare & amp ; reducing taxes even further ? Cut top rate to 35 % w/all of the rest going to middle income cuts ?
Happy to announce , I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary . He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices !
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs & amp ; work in order to # MAGA ! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled .
Great day of bilateral meetings at # ASEANSummit on trade , which we are turning around to be great deals for our country ! https : //t.co/2ahAvm4n9s
Thank you ! https : //t.co/TD0rYcWN8C
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam , thank you President Tran Dai Quang ! Heading to the # ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gala in the Philippines now . https : //t.co/WfSd8EE3Nm
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi , Vietnam ! https : //t.co/YxHRNhhPWo
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me `` old , '' when I would NEVER call him `` short and fat ? '' Oh well , I try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen !
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton , as Secretary of State , was begging Russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button ? Obama tried also , but he had zero chemistry with Putin .
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing , not a bad thing . There always playing politics - bad for our country . I want to solve North Korea , Syria , Ukraine , terrorism , and Russia can greatly help !
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at # APEC meetings . Good discussions on Syria . Hope for his help to solve , along with China the dangerous North Korea crisis . Progress being made .
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi , Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip , the Phillipines .
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against # NoKo . Said he wants them to denuclearize . Progress is being made .
“ Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War ”
➡️https : //t.co/hgUQP9leqK
➡️https : //t.co/9C0yyIv9Ws https : //t.co/f9snmRUA4a
On this wonderful Veterans Day , I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GREAT VETERANS . Thank you ! https : //t.co/GhQbCA7yII
On behalf of an entire nation , Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines !
# USMC242 # SemperFi https : //t.co/ecgoSJP5Uc
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to national security - economic security IS national security . It is vital to our national strength . # APEC2017 https : //t.co/8gKQUhit2X
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine . That is the message I am here to deliver today . # APEC2017 https : //t.co/CM3Hqt16A8
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the Indo-Pacific , and together , to promote our prosperity and security . # APEC2017 https : //t.co/gN2YbS9CYB
In more and more places throughout this region , citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater control of their destinies , and unlocked the potential of their people . # APEC2017 https : //t.co/a570IIGe0I
Throughout my travels , I 've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America . I 've had the honor of sharing our vision for a free & amp ; open Indo-Pacific -- a place where sovereign & amp ; independent nations , w/diverse cultures & amp ; many different dreams , can all prosper side-by-side . https : //t.co/qBOCY3u7YV
Just landed in Da Nang , Vietnam to deliver a speech at # APEC2017
I am leaving China for # APEC2017 in Vietnam . @ FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo , and of course , the Great WALL of China before going to Alaska to greet our AMAZING troops .
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea . He is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people . It was great being with him and Madame Peng Liyuan !
I don ’ t blame China , I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the U.S. on trade leading up to a point where the U.S. is losing $ 100 's of billions . How can you blame China for taking advantage of people that had no clue ? I would 've done same !
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United States and China . 🇺🇸🇨🇳 https : //t.co/mK3SB7t3EV
President Xi , thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony . It was a truly memorable and impressive display ! 📸https : //t.co/J9x51h1LBe https : //t.co/g4Z7mO5cV9
Congratulations to all of the ” DEPLORABLES ” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE ( 304-227 ) Electoral College landslide victory ! https : //t.co/7ifv5gT7Ur
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow . THANK YOU for the beautiful welcome China ! @ FLOTUS Melania and I will never forget it ! https : //t.co/sQoUWIGAiQ
NoKo has interpreted America 's past restraint as weakness . This would be a fatal miscalculation . Do not underestimate us . AND DO NOT TRY US . https : //t.co/4llqLrNpK3
On behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania and I , THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in Beijing , President Xi and Madame Peng Liyuan . We are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning ! https : //t.co/ma0F7SHbVU
Leaving South Korea now heading to China . Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi !
Together , we dream of a Korea that is free , a peninsula that is safe , and families that are reunited once again ! https : //t.co/9tsZRCC83j
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past ... .and you will doubt it no longer . https : //t.co/zyuYc0fIH6
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear & amp ; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance , agreement , & amp ; commmitment it has made to the U.S. and its allies . It 's broken all of those commitments ... https : //t.co/xJ4jUpA8d8
The U.S. , under my administration , is completely rebuilding its military , and they 're spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world , being built right now . I want peace through strength ! https : //t.co/2YXkIvRIFi
Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷
# NationalAssembly # POTUSinAsia
➡️https : //t.co/M3iEhPdkas https : //t.co/hSxdtd2UnY
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for . Don ’ t forget , Republicans won 4 out of 4 House seats , and with the economy doing record numbers , we will continue to win , even bigger than before !
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea , then will be headed to China where I very much look forward to meeting with President Xi who is just off his great political victory .
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day . A record amount of drugs collected & amp ; disposed . We can do this !
Franklin , such a great photo .

HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father , @ BillyGraham ! https : //t.co/l0c7RvvOa1
. @ EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA. MS-13 and crime will be gone . Vote today , ASAP !
... .and has been horrible on Virginia economy . Vote @ EdWGillespie today !
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia . He ’ s weak on crime , weak on our GREAT VETS , Anti-Second Amendment ... .
... .is making . Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class , companies and jobs !
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday . There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration ... .
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony . It will always be remembered . https : //t.co/bMvJz1iV2a
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE U.S. and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys , in South Korea . 🇺🇸🇰🇷 https : //t.co/5NJirz4iNM https : //t.co/kNLyONhBCC
RT @ AbeShinzo : トランプ大統領による、初の、歴史的な日本訪問は、間違いなく、日米同盟の揺るぎない絆を世界に示すことができました。

本当にありがとう、ドナルド。そして、アジア歴訪の大成功をお祈りしています。

@ realDonaldTrump https : //t.…
... .Some of those they are harshly treating have been “ milking ” their country for years !
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia , they know exactly what they are doing ... .
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon , a fine gentleman . We will figure it all out !
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits , for our great Country . Massive military & amp ; energy orders happening+++ !
The state of Virginia economy , under Democrat rule , has been terrible . If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow , it will come roaring back !
# USA🇺🇸 # Japan🇯🇵 https : //t.co/EvxFqAVnFS
... Americans do what we do best : we pull together . We join hands . We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness , we stand strong ... https : //t.co/qkCPgtKGkA
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs , Texas . The FBI & amp ; law enforcement are on the scene . I am monitoring the situation from Japan .
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy . https : //t.co/4HnXkR3EhW
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @ USForcesJapan ! https : //t.co/KEXnIkkQks
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama , two wonderful people ! https : //t.co/vYLULe0o2K
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo , Japan . Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe . https : //t.co/6LRAgojvDB
I am landing shortly . Can ’ t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY . See you soon ! https : //t.co/AVLrrOxmm4
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange . Important to the United States !
Unemployment is down to 4.1 % , lowest in 17 years . 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office . Highest stock Market ever , up $ 5.4 trill
RT @ IvankaTrump : Touched by the warm hospitality of Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people . ありがとうございます [ Thank you ] ! Until next time 🇯🇵…
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @ PacificCommand .

Remember # PearlHarbor . Remember the @ USSArizona !

A day I ’ ll never forget . https : //t.co/CMkB0kTkSc
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii . My great honor to visit @ PacificCommand upon arrival . Heading to Pearl Harbor w/ @ FLOTUS now . https : //t.co/6gDME9cmnS
Getting ready to land in Hawaii . Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor !
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military .
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! https : //t.co/twUNktGbnb
The rigged Dem Primary , one of the biggest political stories in years , got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night . Disgraceful !
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor . Will then be heading to Japan , SKorea , China , Vietnam & amp ; the Philippines . Will never let you down !
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders , not Crooked H , without cheating , I was right .
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary !
... Based on that , the Military has hit ISIS `` much harder '' over the last two days . They will pay a big price for every attack on us !
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed , and so badly wounded , the wonderful people on the West Side , was `` their soldier . '' ... ..
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats , lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton , rigged the Primaries ! Lets go FBI & amp ; Justice Dept .
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B 's new book . Crooked Hillary bought the DNC & amp ; then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie !
... .People are angry . At some point the Justice Department , and the FBI , must do what is right and proper . The American public deserves it !
... New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary . What about the deleted E-mails , Uranium , Podesta , the Server , plus , plus ...
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department ( and FBI ) is n't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary & amp ; the Dems..
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee . I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact .
I will be interviewed by @ IngrahamAngle on @ FoxNews at 10:00 . Enjoy !
The @ TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch . James Comey 's leadership was a disaster !
... .This is real collusion and dishonesty . Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department ?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders . Bought and paid for by Crooked H ... .
Great Tax Cut rollout today . The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill , but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America !
Today , it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the @ FederalReserve . https : //t.co/6aDuRy3zws
Broadcom 's move to America= $ 20 BILLION of annual rev into U.S.A. , $ 3+ BILLION/yr . in research/engineering & amp ; $ 6 BILLION/yr . in manufacturing . https : //t.co/NsJ4PtVTtl
Today , we are thrilled to welcome @ Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ ’ s from Singapore back to the U.S.A ... .. https : //t.co/WrqUXBndyZ
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED ! We need to make AMERICA SAFE ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/d7L1YW5iVY
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security . https : //t.co/tW4wOlI4vu
Congratulations to the Houston @ Astros , 2017 # WorldSeries Champions⚾️ # HoustonStrong # EarnHistory https : //t.co/BP7OEzdhFi
... There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed . Should move fast . DEATH PENALTY !
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system ...
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room . He killed 8 people , badly injured 12 . SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY !
Great mtg w/ @ Cabinet today . Tomorrow , I will be announcing the new head of the Fed . I think you will be extremely impressed by this person ! https : //t.co/5ASJVLGAiG
Happy birthday to @ garyplayer , a truly great Champion and Person !
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners ! https : //t.co/suAnjs6Ccz
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures . The safety of our citizens comes first !
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack . God be with them !
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now ! Some people come in , and they bring their whole family with them , who can be truly evil . NOT ACCEPTABLE ! https : //t.co/PQGeTTdRtX
@ SenateMajLdr @ SenateGOP ... and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip ! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better !
Thanks to @ SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @ SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District ...
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD , First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack so professionally ! https : //t.co/imPIdOzjAn
@ NYGovCuomo @ NYCMayor ... fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack . # NYCStrong
Just spoke with @ NYGovCuomo and @ NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government ...
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC . All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones . https : //t.co/WZFHXoJE3K
... .for the Middle Class . The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along . Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Would n't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts ... ..
# NYCStrong # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/6K3Xw5P87d
`` Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems '' said Col.Tony Shaffer . We will stop this craziness ! @ foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration , no more Democrat Lottery Systems . We must get MUCH tougher ( and smarter ) . @ foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the `` Diversity Visa Lottery Program , '' a Chuck Schumer beauty . I want merit based .
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program . Being politically correct is fine , but not for this !
The Republican House members are working hard ( and late ) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve . These will be biggest ever !
My thoughts , condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack . God and your country are with you !
We must not allow ISIS to return , or enter , our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere . Enough !
In NYC , looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person . Law enforcement is following this closely . NOT IN THE U.S.A. !
U.S. COAL PRODUCTION
Up📈7.8 % past year .
Down📉31.5 % last 10 years .
# EndingWarOnCoal https : //t.co/xr20OBb2DV
“ Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August ” Read more : https : //t.co/XzJiZgGQ8R https : //t.co/STBtR6mO2j
`` Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000 '' Read more : https : //t.co/w7WkcobFun https : //t.co/nLo5XCnuIx
RT @ IvankaTrump : We 're working to make tax cuts & amp ; the expanded Child Tax Credit a reality for American families . The time is now ! # TaxRefor…
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween !
# Halloween2017 https : //t.co/BRpgXVRI8Y
Thank you @ LuisRiveraMarin ! https : //t.co/BK7sDv9phU
“ Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks ” https : //t.co/2U7WJmfGlM
... .earth shattering . He and his brother could Drain The Swamp , which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled . Fake News weak !
The biggest story yesterday , the one that has the Dems in a dither , is Podesta running from his firm . What he know about Crooked Dems is ... .
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business ( jobs ) and the Middle Class ( in addition to Democrat corruption ) !
... .came to the campaign . Few people knew the young , low level volunteer named George , who has already proven to be a liar . Check the DEMS !
The Fake News is working overtime . As Paul Manaforts lawyer said , there was `` no collusion '' and events mentioned took place long before he ...
... .Also , there is NO COLLUSION !
Sorry , but this is years ago , before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign . But why are n't Crooked Hillary & amp ; the Dems the focus ? ? ? ? ?
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @ foxandfriends .
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $ 972,000 to Fusion GPS . The firm also got $ 12,400,000 ( really ? ) from DNC . Nobody knows who OK 'd !
All of this `` Russia '' talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts & amp ; Reform . Is this coincidental ? NOT !
... are now fighting back like never before . There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton , and now the facts are pouring out . DO SOMETHING !
... '' collusion , '' which does n't exist . The Dems are using this terrible ( and bad for our country ) Witch Hunt for evil politics , but the R 's ...
... the Uranium to Russia deal , the 33,000 plus deleted Emails , the Comey fix and so much more . Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia , ... .
Never seen such Republican ANGER & amp ; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier ( now $ 12,000,000 ? ) , ... .
As usual , the ObamaCare premiums will be up ( the Dems own it ) , but we will Repeal & amp ; Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts !
JFK Files are released , long ahead of schedule !
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close . Sad !
Happy # FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there . We are forever grateful to you for your service , sacrifice and courage 24/7/365 ! https : //t.co/vOcTlyOeyw
... in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest .
... addresses of any mentioned person who is still living . I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure , transparency and ...
After strict consultation with General Kelly , the CIA and other Agencies , I will be releasing ALL # JFKFiles other than the names and ...
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day . Everyone can help fight the # OpioidEpidemic by participating ! https : //t.co/ONObTWOaOn https : //t.co/CYG11DnxH7
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press ( Fake News ) . Thank you Mr. President !
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday ( 3.0 despite the big hurricane hits ) . Best consecutive Q 's in years !
“ WHAT HAPPENED ”

“ How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia ”
➡️https : //t.co/GqpIidk017

NOW WE KNOW ! https : //t.co/SgWL1HZmkI
# JFKFiles https : //t.co/AnPBSJFh3J
Happy Birthday @ TheLeeGreenwood !
# FlashbackFriday https : //t.co/MCrMK6Eurm
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be ... .
🎥https : //t.co/PEj1KNYcAO
. @ FoxNews Chris Wallace : “ More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP ” https : //t.co/nACQerJSiu
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love . https : //t.co/DL3oan4Fm7
Diane Black of Tennessee , the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman , did a GREAT job in passing Budget , setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you @ FLGovScott . https : //t.co/rgdU9plvFK
It is now commonly agreed , after many months of COSTLY looking , that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump . Was collusion with HC !
Happy birthday to the great @ TheLeeGreenwood . You and your beautiful song have made such a difference . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
JFK Files are being carefully released . In the end there will be great transparency . It is my hope to get just about everything to public !
Good luck to @ Joy_Villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics . She has many fans !
Congratulations to @ SpeakerRyan , @ GOPLeader , @ SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday . Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you @ foxandfriends . Really great job and show !
Wacky & amp ; totally unhinged Tom Steyer , who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning , never wins elections !
WORKING TOGETHER , we will defeat this # OpioidEpidemic & amp ; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse . https : //t.co/iAZjqGMwav https : //t.co/mZI5uQN4oZ
Effective today , my administration officially declared the # OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under federal law . https : //t.co/YosOBurdCw
Big news - Budget just passed !
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party !
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia . His opponent does n't even show up to meetings/work , and will be VERY weak on crime !
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy # 's around , and fast . Strong on crime , he might even save our great statues/heritage !
RT @ seanhannity : BOOM ! ! Tick Tock https : //t.co/8E2Lvj3TTa
Will be another Sean success ! https : //t.co/SlNTENvJLA
RT @ PChowka : Fox News With Hannity 's Help Regains Its Ratings Dominance By Peter Barry Chowka at The Hagmann report https : //t.co/ICDMCZregu…
Together , we will Make America Great Again !
# AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/ajiC3flNkI
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it ! # TaxReform
Read more : https : //t.co/o3W9bJkz5k https : //t.co/JYckXWEmLu
RT @ IvankaTrump : Working families need # TaxReform & amp ; the time is now . This Administration is committed to ensuring all Americans can thrive…
Interview with @ LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @ FoxBusiness . Enjoy ! https : //t.co/9V9z015kVl
Texas @ GovAbbott & amp ; Lt. Gov . @ DanPatrick ,

Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX . Keep up the great work ! https : //t.co/rBel6IWrJl
The long anticipated release of the # JFKFiles will take place tomorrow . So interesting !
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi & amp ; Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip ! https : //t.co/uFMonzza7N
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation . Also discussed NoKo & amp ; trade , two very important subjects !
Just interviewed by @ LouDobbs . Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @ FoxBusiness . # Dobbs
Congrats to @ Reince Priebus , a really good and talented man . We ’ re proud of you Reince ! https : //t.co/7AsjAMrSnV
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/CbEwJSQ1A3
Jeff Flake , with an 18 % approval rating in Arizona , said `` a lot of my colleagues have spoken out . '' Really , they just gave me a standing O !
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history . Great support from so many sides . Big winners will be the middle class , business & amp ; JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday , outside of Flake and Corker , was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA !
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple , they had zero chance of being elected . Now act so hurt & amp ; wounded !
`` Clinton campaign & amp ; DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier . The victim here is the President . '' @ FoxNews
So nice being with Republican Senators today . Multiple standing ovations ! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for U.S .
“ President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 24 , 2017 , as United Nations Day ” Read more : https : //t.co/cyRAQAKhy2 https : //t.co/HVD0kLYlBk
Stock Market just hit another record high ! Jobs looking very good .
... the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us . People like liddle ' Bob Corker have set the U.S. way back . Now we move forward !
Sen. Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee , & amp ; look how poorly the U.S. has done . He does n't have a clue as ... ..
Is n't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker , who could n't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee , will now fight Tax Cuts plus !
... Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him , and now is only negative on anything Trump . Look at his record !
Bob Corker , who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal & amp ; could n't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee , is now fighting Tax Cuts ... .
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut . They died in service to our nation . https : //t.co/BaQZDA3s2e
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt . La David Johnson , and spoke his name from beginning , without hesitation !
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem , showing total disrespect to our Flag & amp ; Country . No leadership in NFL !
There will be NO change to your 401 ( k ) . This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works , and it stays !
It is finally sinking through . 46 % OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME . FAKE NEWS , even worse ! Lost cred .
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party , a disaster for Dems . You watch her in action & amp ; vote R !
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 A.M. on @ FoxNews - ENJOY !
... 2nd Amendment , Strong Military , ISIS , historic VA improvement , Supreme Court Justice , Record Stock Market , lowest unemployment in 17 yrs !
... 9 months than this Administration . Over 50 Legislation approvals , massive regulation cuts , energy freedom , pipelines , border security ... .
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved is important ( we will also get HealthCare ) , but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first ... ..
Just out , but lightly reported : `` Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market '' Lowest since March 1973 . @ bpolitics
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did . Facebook was on her side , not mine !
Keep hearing about `` tiny '' amount of money spent on Facebook ads . What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN , ABC , NBC & amp ; CBS ?
Officials behind the now discredited `` Dossier '' plead the Fifth . Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it .
“ Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign ” https : //t.co/2eoYXJB7h0
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday . 5.3 trillion dollars up since Election . Fake News does n't spent much time on this !
People get what is going on ! https : //t.co/Pdg7VqQv6M
RT @ IamVicky4Trump : TUNE IN : Maria Bartiromo Has an Exclusive Interview With President Trump https : //t.co/H5VuJwy78o
Subject to the receipt of further information , I will be allowing , as President , the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened .
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she , as a representative , is killing the Democrat Party !
Budget that just passed is a really big deal , especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in U.S. history - MSM barely covered !
Great book just out , `` A Place Called Heaven , '' by Dr. Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man !
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people ! Join me today : https : //t.co/9czcJDbmVW https : //t.co/s3kXpvbYih
Today , it was an honor to have @ UN
Secretary-General @ AntonioGuterres at the @ WhiteHouse . Speaking for the U.S.A. , we appreciate all you do ! https : //t.co/Sk0Jcazzxw
Thank you @ GeraldoRivera @ FoxandFriends . Agree ! https : //t.co/8cZLdAbgzw
Just out report : `` United Kingdom crime rises 13 % annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror . '' Not good , we must keep America safe !
... .This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts ( and Reform ) , which will be the biggest in the history of our country !
The Budget passed late last night , 51 to 49 . We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul ( he will vote for Tax Cuts ) voting against ... ..
Great news on the 2018 budget @ SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American people ! # TaxReform https : //t.co/aBzQR7KR0c
Big ratings getter @ seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for # VegasStrong . Great Show !
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson ( D ) , who was SECRETLY on a very personal call , and gave a total lie on content !
Keep up the GREAT work . I am with you 100 % !

`` ISIS is losing its grip ... ''
Army Colonel Ryan Dillon
CJTF–OIR
https : //t.co/jVGuvv5mzm https : //t.co/PSCXg38CtS
It was great to have Governor @ RicardoRossello of # PuertoRico🇵🇷with us at the @ WhiteHouse today . We are with you ! # PRStrong https : //t.co/Op2xDZxvNc
RT @ USArmy333 : @ 804StreetMedia @ realDonaldTrump He ’ s done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs
. @ foxandfriends `` Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation ''
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th . Who paid for it , Russia , the FBI or the Dems ( or all ) ?
Uranium deal to Russia , with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge , is the biggest story that Fake Media does n't want to follow !
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today , first step toward massive tax cuts . I think we have the votes , but who knows ?
`` 46 % of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump & amp ; his Administration . '' @ FoxNews It is actually much worse than this !
. @ DanaPerino & amp ; @ BradThor ,
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment . Working hard ! # MAGA https : //t.co/AKWlsMsCVH
`` 20,000📈21,000📈22,000📈 23,000📈this year ... FOUR one thousand milestones this year ... ''
# Dow23K # MAGA https : //t.co/GQ5f2eVvEI
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/kyv866prdE
. @ NFL : Too much talk , not enough action . Stand for the National Anthem .
`` Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal , while it brazenly violates the other limits.. ''
Amb . @ NikkiHaley https : //t.co/xvHgx7d1cT
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @ WhiteHouse today . # TaxReform https : //t.co/ge4Xic9fId
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California . God bless our brave First Responders and @ FEMA team . We support you ! https : //t.co/YaoPbaVI5L
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers & amp ; harmful to job-creators . Americans need # TaxReform ! More : https : //t.co/qXyiYiFWCO https : //t.co/NGIjJOc3TP
I am supportive of Lamar as a person & amp ; also of the process , but I can never support bailing out ins co 's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care .
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action ( and I have proof ) . Sad !
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem . Total disrespect for our great country !
As it has turned out , James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton . He was the best thing that ever happened to her !
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases . Hopefully , all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in U.S. history .
... people not interviewed , including Clinton herself . Comey stated under oath that he did n't do this-obviously a fix ? Where is Justice Dept ?
Wow , FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete . Many..
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was : FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt . FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD . 🎥https : //t.co/rmAzGt8SuG https : //t.co/SrPavwrt2R
Thank you @ Heritage ! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy , revive our industry & amp ; renew the AMERICAN DREAM ! https : //t.co/HI30nojsGo
WOW ! https : //t.co/eKfRktNVuy
BORDER WALL prototypes underway ! https : //t.co/arFNO80zmO
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a `` product '' that never had a chance of working .
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers . Only place worse may be @ NBCNews , @ CBSNews , @ ABC and @ CNN . Fiction writers !
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today ! 🎥https : //t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9 📸https : //t.co/j0roMFT3YL https : //t.co/MPe5HWFcZ1
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece . ➡️https : //t.co/Bn1vM6fYW9 https : //t.co/dZB4mDBKpi
`` Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time , Fueled by Strong Earnings ''
# Dow23K📈https : //t.co/wnkrddYlb9 https : //t.co/wlP0NCNcou
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar . Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman !
RT @ Scavino45 : U.S. MARKETS FROM ELECTION DAY { Since 11/8/2016 } 📈 https : //t.co/HtjHrznQKJ
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina . Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spartanburg Int'l Airport ! https : //t.co/maO9Nc0sTe
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020 ? My answer was , `` I hope so ! ''
The U.S. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day ! Also , record business enthusiasm .
Since Election Day on November 8 , the Stock Market is up more than 25 % , unemployment is at a 17 year low & amp ; companies are coming back to U.S .
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama , but now that I am involved , he is OK with it . Tell that to Israel , Chuck !
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct . That 's all they are good at !
Art Laffer just said that he does n't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves ! @ FoxNews
RT @ ABCNewsRadio : Global fund championed by Ivanka Trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations https : //t.co/jUmsY3ON4x https : //t.co…
RT @ mike_pence : . @ EdWGillespie is fighting to grow the economy & amp ; cut taxes ! He ’ s fighting for a safer VA. And he ’ s is fighting for affordab…
... approvals of The Keystone XL & amp ; Dakota Access pipelines . Also , look at the recent EPA cancelations & amp ; our great new Supreme Court Justice !
The Failing @ nytimes , in a story by Peter Baker , should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP & amp ; The Paris Accord & amp ; the fast ... .
RT @ FoxNews : TONIGHT on `` Justice , '' @ JudgeJeanine talks to special guests @ EricTrump and @ LaraLeaTrump - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channe…
RT @ EricTrump : . @ LaraLeaTrump and I look forward to being on @ JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm ! @ FoxNews # MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t…
RT @ mike_pence : We are heading to Virginia . Looking forward to supporting my friend @ EdWGillespie . He will make a great Governor for the Co…
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party . Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down !
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare . Millions of people benefit !
Health Insurance stocks , which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years , plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : `` Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004 ''
📈https : //t.co/RvxCPAFI2A https : //t.co/U8MS9K45fX
RT @ RightlyNews : @ realDonaldTrump @ LouDobbs Trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of U.S. history . The American people see throu…
RT @ RightlyNews : @ realDonaldTrump @ LouDobbs It is NOT a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election .
Such a wonderful statement from the great @ LouDobbs . `` We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history . ''
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many . It is being dismantled but in the meantime , premiums & amp ; deductibles are way up !
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits , under the guise of ObamaCare , is over . They have made a fortune .
Dems must get smart & amp ; deal !
Many people talking , with much agreement , on my Iran speech today . Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran !
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders . I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts .
# WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 https : //t.co/riqEiBNwk2
Today , I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime ’ s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon . https : //t.co/N4ISdjuEdC
`` Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004 ''
📈https : //t.co/RvxCPAFI2A https : //t.co/U8MS9K45fX
In America , we do n't worship government - we worship God .
# ValuesVotersSummit https : //t.co/YQ3iDlWylK
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief . HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @ USNavy !
# 242NavyBday https : //t.co/qcdB4U8CqA
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico , with their unmatched spirit , know how bad things were before the H 's . I will always be with them !
Hard to believe that the Democrats , who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable , are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess . Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves !
Sadly , they and others are Fake News , and the public is just beginning to figure it out ! https : //t.co/8B8AyA7V1s
RT @ billoreilly : A free press is vital to protecting all Americans . A corrupt press damages the Republic .
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding . Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped . Dems should call me to fix !
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY , to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES , and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS ! # TaxReform https : //t.co/FEjGjT4xp9
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting ( FakeNews ) @ NBCNews is . Viewers beware . May be worse than even @ CNN !
Happy # NationalFarmersDay !
📸https : //t.co/dN39R1IMlA https : //t.co/QbUG1pztaI
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES & amp ; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA , GROW in AMERICA , and HIRE in AMERICA ! https : //t.co/DdI1yWi7YZ
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access , INCREASE choices , and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE !
➡️https : //t.co/mz5fdveTVh https : //t.co/dDZLsKuNSe
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate ! Such hatred !
... We can not keep FEMA , the Military & amp ; the First Responders , who have been amazing ( under the most difficult circumstances ) in P.R . forever !
... accountability say the Governor . Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes . Congress to decide how much to spend ... .
`` Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes , now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making . '' says Sharyl Attkisson . A total lack of ... ..
Clips from tax speech and @ seanhannity on @ foxandfriends now . Have a great day !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I will be interviewed tonight on @ FoxNews by @ SeanHannity at 9pmE . Enjoy !
In even the darkest moments , the light of our people has shown through their goodness , their courage and their love . # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/8JK8aM2a1L
Network news has become so partisan , distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and , if appropriate , revoked . Not fair to public !
Joining @ SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @ FoxNews . Enjoy ! https : //t.co/RCfiJus5Rw
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families & amp ; that encourages companies to STAY in America , GROW in America , and HIRE in America🇺🇸 https : //t.co/u9ZgijgLE3
I will be interviewed tonight on @ FoxNews by @ SeanHannity at 9pmE . Enjoy !
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg , Pennsylvania !
# TaxReform # USA🇺🇸
https : //t.co/fDUEMpRTcE https : //t.co/1mMjl1HNpl
Happy to announce we are awarding $ 1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday ’ s tragedy .
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks , at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License ? Bad for country !
Fake @ NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a `` tenfold '' increase in our U.S. nuclear arsenal . Pure fiction , made up to demean . NBC = CNN !
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases & amp ; soft , crime producing borders.The Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & amp ; the WALL !
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the election.Need tax cuts
... if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts ( and reform ) I am asking for , those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds . # MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 5.2 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th , a 25 % increase . Lowest unemployment in 16 years and..
... fired . This story is totally made up by the dishonest media.The Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and , more importantly , for the USA !
The Fake News is at it again , this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know , General John Kelly , by saying he will soon be ... ..
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back # StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @ FLOTUS today !
https : //t.co/qyT4bcHVuR https : //t.co/rBwGmhMnPX
RT @ IsraelUSAforevr : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/dBvwKDdesD
The Failing @ nytimes set Liddle ' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation . Was made to sound a fool , and that 's what I am dealing with !
Highly respected author , Christopher Bedford , just came out with book , `` The Art of the Donald , Lessons from America 's ... . '' Really good book !
With Jemele Hill at the mike , it is no wonder ESPN ratings have `` tanked , '' in fact , tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry !
Since Congress ca n't get its act together on HealthCare , I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats do n't want secure borders , they do n't care about safety for U.S.A .
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem , Flag and Country ? Change tax law !
RT @ IvankaTrump : . @ realDonaldTrump stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years https : //t.co/5WlZa82Mij
A big salute to Jerry Jones , owner of the Dallas Cowboys , who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag . `` Stand for Anthem or sit for game ! ''
`` President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9 , 2017 , as # ColumbusDay '' https : //t.co/cbQRst4lN4
The trip by @ VP Pence was long planned . He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country !
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years , giving billions of dollars & amp ; getting nothing . Policy did n't work !
`` The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters ... .. '' @ nypost Thank you !
Nobody could have done what I ’ ve done for # PuertoRico with so little appreciation . So much work ! https : //t.co/k2jAkIpfjI
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal , & amp ; that 's about it . We need HealthCare , we need Tax Cuts/Reform , we need people that can get the job done !
RT @ opinionsamerica : @ realDonaldTrump Strong administration leads to a strong response .
FEMA and first responders are working hard ( yet again ) on Hurricane Nate . Military helping . Very much under control !
I asked @ VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled , disrespecting our country . I am proud of him and @ SecondLady Karen .
... Hence , I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda . Did n't have the guts to run !
..my endorsement ) . He also wanted to be Secretary of State , I said `` NO THANKS . '' He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal !
Senator Bob Corker `` begged '' me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee . I said `` NO '' and he dropped out ( said he could not win without ...
# LasVegasStrong # USA🇺🇸
🎥https : //t.co/4iGwdL4kia
RT @ realDonaldTrump : More and more people are suggesting that Republicans ( and me ) should be given Equal Time on T.V . when you look at the…
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina . Big progress being made on many fronts !
Thanks for your support ! https : //t.co/iqUM1RfQso
... has n't worked , agreements violated before the ink was dry , makings fools of U.S. negotiators . Sorry , but only one thing will work !
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years , agreements made and massive amounts of money paid ... ...
Will be joining @ GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @ TBN . Enjoy ! https : //t.co/Y5hGPpYZfl
Our great team at @ FEMA is prepared for # HurricaneNate . Everyone in LA , MS , AL , and FL please listen to your local authorities & amp ; be safe !
. @ NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting . The good news is that the PEOPLE get it , which is really all that matters ! Not # 1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill . ObamaCare is badly broken , big premiums . Who knows !
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans ( and me ) should be given Equal Time on T.V . when you look at the one-sided coverage ?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very `` unfunny '' & amp ; repetitive material , always anti-Trump ! Should we get Equal Time ?
... contributions . The RNC is taking in far more $ 's than the Dems , and much of it by my wonderful small donors . I am working hard for them !
Ca n't believe I finally got a good story in the @ washingtonpost . It discusses the enthusiasm of `` Trump '' voters through campaign ... .
RT @ FoxBusiness : # StockAlert : U.S. markets since the election https : //t.co/1kwamJuizO
RT @ Scavino45 : . @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump in the Oval Office w/senior U.S. military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the President & amp ; First L…
Ralph Northam , who is running for Governor of Virginia , is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & amp ; sanctuary cities . Vote Ed Gillespie !
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign . This is Fake News put out by @ NBCNews . Low news and reporting standards . No verification from me .
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high ! Unemployment lowest in 16 years ! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades !
Why Is n't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE !
Thank you ! https : //t.co/YMuqSvvTSB
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people , from police to doctors to the victims themselves , who I will never forget !
RT @ ABC : Pres . Trump : `` We can not be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror . '' https : //t.co/eduBJDysI…
RT @ Scavino45 : . @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS w/ @ LVMPD Officer Cook , 2nd day on job , received gunshot wound to the right chest & amp ; right arm , saving live…
RT @ Scavino45 : . @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump and @ FLOTUS Melania visit with @ UMCSN patient Tiffany Huizarin Las Vegas earlier today . # VegasStron…
RT @ FoxNews : Geraldo Blasts 'Fake News ' Reports About Trump 's Visit to Puerto Rico https : //t.co/9jO0D3BMvE
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION , THANK YOU to all of the First Responders ( HEROES ) who saved countless lives in Las Vegas on Sunday night . https : //t.co/ZxuMYWnNHv
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS ! https : //t.co/nxRWeR1gEz
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @ FLOTUS Melania . Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers .
The @ NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec . Tillerson and @ VP Pence . It is # FakeNews . They should issue an apology to AMERICA !
NBC news is # FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN . They are a disgrace to good reporting . No wonder their news ratings are way down !
Wow , so many Fake News stories today . No matter what I do or say , they will not write or speak truth . The Fake News Media is out of control !
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday . While some of the news coverage is Fake , most showed great warmth and friendship .
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @ RicardoRossello & amp ; his team . Great progress being made ! # PRStrong🇵🇷 https : //t.co/1aL9YrwTvC
RT @ PressSec : . @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS meet w/ some of America 's finest on the USS Kearsarge off the coast of PR . https : //t.co/sR3Jd6rvNK
RT @ seanhannity : Tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today . We will name names . 9 est Hannity Fox…
RT @ IvankaTrump : 3/4 : This Administration is deeply committed to those who serve & amp ; their families who make it possible through their love a…
RT @ billoreilly : FNC dominated ratings last night . MSNBC-disaster demonstrating folks do n't trust the network . https : //t.co/rryWmyXe7C toni…
RT @ Jenniffer2012 : Thank you @ realDonaldTrump for all the help you are providing for Puerto Rico . We ’ re are grateful and happy to welcome y…
It is a `` miracle '' how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing !
So proud of @ FEMA , Military , and First Responders ! Thank you ! https : //t.co/kWVMqVelri
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the # USVI . He is very thankful for the great job done by @ FEMA and First Responders . https : //t.co/AtBGEpDF9C
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects . Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers . https : //t.co/dBvZUIUfr0
I am so proud of our great Country . God bless America !
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting . God bless you !
Congratulations to # TeamUSA🇺🇸🏆on your great @ PresidentsCup victory ! https : //t.co/fZeP1e9mo7
Being nice to Rocket Man has n't worked in 25 years , why would it work now ? Clinton failed , Bush failed , and Obama failed . I wo n't fail .
... Save your energy Rex , we 'll do what has to be done !
I told Rex Tillerson , our wonderful Secretary of State , that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man ...
... for safety . Thank you to the Governor of P.R . and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders . Fantastic job !
... people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military . All buildings now inspected ... ..
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico . Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates , ...
19,000 RESPECTING our National Anthem ! # StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸 https : //t.co/czutyGaMQV
In analyzing the Alabama Primary race , FAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement !
Because of # FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job . As seen here , they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB ! https : //t.co/1ltW2t3rwy
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow , and always , for the playing of our National Anthem . Respect our Flag and our Country !
I will be in PR on Tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & amp ; support the people in their time of great need .
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor . Doing everything we can to help great people of PR !
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster .
@ ricardorossello ... ... # FakeNews critics are working overtime , but we 're getting great marks from the people that truly matter !
# PRStrong🇵🇷
My Administration , Governor @ RicardoRossello , and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way ...
To the people of Puerto Rico :
Do not believe the # FakeNews !
# PRStrong🇵🇷
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people . Thank you !
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that # FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job ! Thank you Governor !
The Governor of Puerto Rico , Ricardo Rossello , is a great guy and leader who is really working hard . Thank you Ricky !
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems , an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico . Great people !
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R 's . Shame !
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania . Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands ( people working hard ) .
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to `` get Trump . '' Not fair to FR or effort !
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you to all who participated in today 's discussion on opioid abuse . By talking about it , we can start to make a real diffe…
RT @ DeptofDefense : VIDEO : Elements of the # DoD and @ FEMA are providing humanitarian relief for # PuertoRico 🇵🇷 and # USVI 🇻🇮 . https : //t.co/…
RT @ usairforce : ⚡️ “ # AirForce relief efforts in # PuertoRico & amp ; # VirginIslands ”

https : //t.co/gonmsZusSe
RT @ USCGSoutheast : . @ USCG crews worked together with the @ RedCross , @ fema , and members of local # police , # fire and # government to distribut…
The military and first responders , despite no electric , roads , phones etc. , have done an amazing job . Puerto Rico was totally destroyed .
... want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort . 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job .
... Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan , and others in Puerto Rico , who are not able to get their workers to help . They ... .
The Mayor of San Juan , who was very complimentary only a few days ago , has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump .
RT @ Scavino45 : # USNSComfort en route to # PuertoRico , from Norfolk , Virginia to support Hurricane Maria relief efforts . 🇺🇸🇵🇷 https : //t.co/HW…
RT @ Scavino45 : Under POTUS ' @ realDonaldTrump
☑️S & amp ; P 500 38th📈Record High
☑️NASDAQ 44th📈Record High
☑️ # MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸 https : //t.co…
RT @ Scavino45 : `` Manufacturer Optimism Hits Record High After # TaxReform Plan Revealed '' https : //t.co/RbVmEe4sqq
RT @ Scavino45 : POTUS ' @ realDonaldTrump on Hurricane Response Efforts in # PuertoRico on Instagram , part of 9/29/17 Weekly Address .
🎥https : //…
RT @ EricTrump : Congratulations @ SeanHannity ! Looking forward to being on the show tonight at 9pmET Hannity beats Maddow - POLITICO https : /…
RT @ FoxNews : TUNE IN : @ EricTrump joins @ seanhannity TONIGHT at 9p ET on @ FoxNews Channel ! # Hannityat9 https : //t.co/foDzkcAKJe
RT @ LouDobbs : # AmericaFirst- @ KellyannePolls : The Middle Class & amp ; businesses will benefit from @ POTUS ' historic tax revolution . # Dobbs # MAGA…
@ IMPDnews @ POTUS THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement officers , for all you do 24/7/365 ! # LESM https : //t.co/XFqxbMBEbP
Join me for my # WeeklyAddress🇺🇸
https : //t.co/QeeKnFuHue https : //t.co/NnM2jOkEs0
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur , the holiest day of the Jewish year . https : //t.co/0LuZCZl29D
Thank you @ ShopFloorNAM . An honor to be with you today . Great news ! Manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017 . # TaxReform https : //t.co/4sgMWGotOF
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation ’ s classrooms with the jobs of the future . https : //t.co/9s1ggeIJJ5
RECORD HIGH FOR S & amp ; P 500 !
Thank you to FEMA , our great Military & amp ; all First Responders who are working so hard , against terrible odds , in Puerto Rico . See you Tuesday !
... The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes . Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding !
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated : `` The Administration and the President , every time we 've spoken , they 've delivered ... ...
GDP was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter . Many people thought it would be years before that happened . We have just begun !
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The Trump Inaugural Committee is donating $ 3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes .
https : //t.co…
Puerto Rico is devastated . Phone system , electric grid many roads , gone . FEMA and First Responders are amazing . Governor said `` great job ! ''
RT @ billoreilly : Hannity crushing MSNBC at 9 . Good for him ! Check the No Spin News on https : //t.co/rryWmyXe7C . Killing England a huge bests…
RT @ IvankaTrump : Thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need . # PuertoRico # HurricaneMaria ht…
... really hard to help but many have lost their homes . Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday . Wish press would treat fairly !
FEMA & amp ; First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico . Massive food & amp ; water delivered . Docks & amp ; electric grid dead . Locals trying ... .
Welcome back @ SteveScalise !
# TeamScalise https : //t.co/CoRed8rfL2
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot . Large numbers of generators are now on Island . Food and water on site .
Democrats do n't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections ? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill .
It is time to take care of OUR people , to rebuild OUR NATION , and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS ! # TaxReform # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/LsZvHg3got
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME . We will ALL succeed & amp ; grow TOGETHER – as one team , one people , & amp ; one American family . # TaxReform https : //t.co/rtLWANJjIQ
Just arrived in Indianapolis , Indiana to make an announcement on # TaxReform ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/Dy9UwhkWHL
..But the people were Pro-Trump ! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-Trump.The Networks were always anti-Trump hence , Fake News , @ nytimes ( apologized ) & amp ; @ WaPo were anti-Trump . Collusion ?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday , after which we need 60 . Get rid of Filibuster Rule !
With one Yes vote in hospital & amp ; very positive signs from Alaska and two others ( McCain is out ) , we have the HCare Vote , but not for Friday !
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday . Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done . Players will stand for Country !
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time . Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race . He will help to # MAGA !
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama . Luther Strange started way back & amp ; ran a good race . Roy , WIN in Dec !
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica , one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time , showed RESPECT for our National Anthem ! 🇺🇸🇯🇲 https : //t.co/zkenuAP9RS
70 years ago today , the National Security Council met for the first time . Great history of advising Presidents-then & amp ; now ! Thanks NSC Staff !
Thank you to our wonderful team @ USUN and their families . Keep up the GREAT work ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/s7KhlSMEqY
It was an honor to welcome President @ MarianoraJoy of Spain . Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate the brutal # NoKo regime . https : //t.co/43U4T34JgF
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last month . 🇺🇸🇪🇸 https : //t.co/5mT0QXFlnL
America 's hearts & amp ; prayers are with the people of # PuertoRico & amp ; the # USVI . We will get through this - and we will get through this TOGETHER ! https : //t.co/NcmsF4Fqpr
Heading over to the @ UN to meet with Ambassador @ NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives ! # USA🇺🇸
RT @ ricardorossello : Briefed @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump in # SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership , quick response & amp ; commitment to o…
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/nWnX9CDP0d
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations . The only way out for them is to set a rule that you ca n't kneel during our National Anthem !
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz , the Mayor of San Juan , for your kind words on FEMA etc.We are working hard . Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @ foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier : 1994 - 2017 . Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea .
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team , they all stood up for our National Anthem . Big progress being made-we all love our country !
The booing at the NFL football game last night , when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees , was loudest I have ever heard . Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts , when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected !
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & amp ; Replacing O'Care . My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk ! https : //t.co/t9cXG2Io86
... owed to Wall Street and the banks which , sadly , must be dealt with . Food , water and medical are top priorities - and doing well . # FEMA
... It 's old electrical grid , which was in terrible shape , was devastated . Much of the Island was destroyed , with billions of dollars ... .
Texas & amp ; Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico , which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & amp ; massive debt , is in deep trouble..
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country .
# StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY !
. @ CNN is # FakeNews . Just reported COS ( John Kelly ) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG , ANTHEM , COUNTRY . Total lie !
RT @ jayMAGA45 : NFLplayer PatTillman joined U.S. Army in 2002 . He was killed in action 2004 . He fought 4our country/freedom . # StandForOurAnt…
# StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night . Important meetings taking place today . Big tax cuts & amp ; reform .
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race . It is about respect for our Country , Flag and National Anthem . NFL must respect this !
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday ( which was a small percentage of total ) . These are fans who demand respect for our Flag !
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans . They wo n't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear !
Making America Safe is my number one priority . We will not admit those into our country we can not safely vet .
https : //t.co/KJ886okyfC
Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country . NFL should change policy !
Alaska , Arizona , Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal . 7 years of Repeal & amp ; Replace and some Senators not there .
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag -- - we MUST honor and respect it ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
RT @ DonnaWR8 : @ realDonaldTrump I wonder what this BRAVE American would give to stand on his OWN two legs just ONCE MORE for our # Anthem ? …
RT @ DonnaWR8 : @ realDonaldTrump You can boycott our anthem

WE CAN BOYCOTT YOU !

# NFL # MAGA https : //t.co/ryYzZnXjXE
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony . Great team !
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country . Standing with locked arms is good , kneeling is not acceptable . Bad ratings !
... NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN . Boring games yes , but many stay away because they love our country . League should back U.S .
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & amp ; Country , you will see change take place fast . Fire or suspend !
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at U.N . If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man , they wo n't be around much longer !
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.Tell them to stand !
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a `` moment of courage . '' Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived . 116 % increase !
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching Israel.They are also working with North Korea.Not much of an agreement we have !
Very proud of our incredible First Lady ( @ FLOTUS . ) She is a truly great representative for our country ! https : //t.co/yFv0WIjgby
... our Great American Flag ( or Country ) and should stand for the National Anthem . If not , YOU 'RE FIRED . Find something else to do !
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL , or other leagues , he or she should not be allowed to disrespect ... .
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship team.Stephen Curry is hesitating , therefore invitation is withdrawn !
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama . What great people , what a crowd ! Vote Luther on Tuesday .
Alaska had a 200 % plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare , worst in the country . Deductibles high , people angry ! Lisa M comes through .
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party !
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do . Better control & amp ; management . Great for Arizona . McCain let his best friend L.G . down !
Arizona had a 116 % increase in ObamaCare premiums last year , with deductibles very high . Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods . Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill , which his Governor loves . He campaigned on Repeal & amp ; Replace . Let Arizona down !
Heading to Alabama now , big crowd !
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the U.S. with Hurricane flights . Fantastic job !
# USAatUNGA🇺🇸 # UNGA https : //t.co/miT2Lj7Q90
Will be in Alabama tonight . Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement , but will be very close . He loves Alabama , and so do I !
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media `` screaming '' for Crooked Hillary Clinton . Next , she was a bad candidate !
The Russia hoax continues , now it 's ads on Facebook . What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary ?
RT @ DonnaWR8 : . @ POTUS # TRUMP🇺🇸 & amp ; @ FLOTUS🌺

When ALL seemed HOPELESS ... YOU brought HOPE !

You INSPIRE us ALL !

# MAGA # Harvey @ Scavino45 # USA…
RT @ TwitterData : These are the 10 most Tweeted about world leaders during the first day of # UNGA General Debate https : //t.co/HhlOlNAkDJ
Thank you ! https : //t.co/hlz48RLkIf
Kim Jong Un of North Korea , who is obviously a madman who does n't mind starving or killing his people , will be tested like never before !
Rand Paul , or whoever votes against Hcare Bill , will forever ( future political campaigns ) be known as `` the Republican who saved ObamaCare . ''
A big day for the U.S. at the United Nations !
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago . Now a close runoff . He will be great in D.C .
Today , I announced a new Executive Order with re : to North Korea . We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of # NoKo . https : //t.co/igjOSM7N7h
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea .
Stay tuned ! 🇺🇸🇰🇷 # UNGA https : //t.co/7xYDO5ddUm
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today . # UNGA
🎥https : //t.co/UKOMUj0ZuL https : //t.co/GpkERy8WiP
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning ! # USAatUNGA # UNGA https : //t.co/HOEVfnMn14
Governor @ RicardoRossello-
We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico . Stay safe ! # PRStrong
Senator ( Doctor ) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health ( care ) , he does n't lie-just wants to help people !
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of Alabama.That means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther . He wo n't let you down !
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions . It does ! A great Bill . Repeal & amp ; Replace .
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like `` Big '' Luther Strange . Smart , tough on crime , borders & amp ; trade , loves Vets & amp ; Military . Tuesday !
On behalf of all Americans , I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year . https : //t.co/m4VWxYvONx https : //t.co/iYG1G8GaLN
RT @ VP : Went to the Senate today to say @ POTUS & amp ; I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare . Let 's get this done . http…
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon . Great discussions on the challenges & amp ; opportunities facing our nations today . https : //t.co/AbnBJtKCAI
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority & amp ; his delegation , who have been working hard w/everybody involved toward peace . https : //t.co/4E8awDkX93
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning . We had a GREAT bilateral meeting ! 🇺🇸🇯🇴 https : //t.co/6tYDHswKa3
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama . I am supporting `` Big '' Luther Strange because he was so loyal & amp ; helpful to me !
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & amp ; Replace ObamaCare . Money direct to States !
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare . Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT ! Ends Ocare !
RT @ Franklin_Graham : Join me in praying for @ POTUS . He reminded the world , “ If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few , then evil…
Thank you @ foxandfriends - great show !
RT @ RealEagleBites : @ realDonaldTrump It is the height of hypocrisy . Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei…
The world is noticing , thanks ! https : //t.co/2NL6SlWnmH
RT @ DonnaWR8 : @ realDonaldTrump Thank you @ POTUS for believing in Us like we believed in you ! # MAGA https : //t.co/C476SHWd0m
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State ( Bill C also ) , Crooked Hillary now criticizes .
Big meetings today at the United Nations . So many interesting leaders . America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
RT @ Scavino45 : `` The Iran deal was one of the worst & amp ; most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into . ''
@ POTUS @ realDona…
RT @ Scavino45 : # WeThePeople🇺🇸
# USAatUNGA # UNGA https : //t.co/8VsFL9MZxx
RT @ Scavino45 : . @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump and @ UN Secretary-General @ AntonioGuterres pose for📸prior to their expanded bilateral meeting . # USA…
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever . Smartest people of them all are the `` DEPLORABLES . ''
So nice , thank you ! https : //t.co/Cg4dzHhbrv
A great and important day at the United Nations.Met with leaders of many nations who agree with much ( or all ) of what I stated in my speech !
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane . Be careful , our hearts are with you- will be there to help !
The true question for the @ UN ...
🎥https : //t.co/tx5SnACAaS
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations .
# USAatUNGA🇺🇸 # UNGA
https : //t.co/1maJwRGa3d https : //t.co/6Hu3AeUp58
God bless the people of Mexico City . We are with you and will be there for you .
As President of the United States of America , I will ALWAYS put # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 # UNGA
Full remarks : https : //t.co/ksaMsQ2Lhm https : //t.co/XrtpAWwuCn
The🇺🇸has great strength & amp ; patience , but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies , we will have no choice but to totally destroy # NoKo . https : //t.co/P4vAanXvgm
RT @ IvankaTrump : I have long respected India 's accomplished and charismatic Foreign Minister @ SushmaSwaraj , and it was an honor to meet her…
Big day at the United Nations - many good things , and some tricky ones , happening . We have a great team . Big speech at 10:00 A.M .
# USAatUNGA🇺🇸 # UNGA https : //t.co/MjIJ7HG3eU
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela , and we want it to happen very , very soon ! https : //t.co/bMJDOtAesl
It was a great honor to be with President @ EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation . Great bilateral meeting ! # UNGA https : //t.co/HnxDDU5d5F
Such an honor to have my good friend , Israel PM @ Netanyahu , join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon . # UNGA https : //t.co/YEHWjdtQx8 https : //t.co/jwU4e8Yk8A
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @ Netanyahu shortly . Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people !
We commend SG @ AntonioGuterres & amp ; his call for the UN to focus more on people & amp ; less on bureaucracy . # USAatUNGA # UNGA https : //t.co/KVvCMznmcN https : //t.co/UQn6RrC9Xw
Happy 70th Birthday @ CIA ! https : //t.co/CU3gOZMf7J
Happy 70th Birthday @ USAirForce ! https : //t.co/snkXO40vXM
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The travel ban into the United States should be far larger , tougher and more specific-but stupidly , that would not be…
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today . Military and economy are getting stronger by the day , and our enemies know it . # MAGA
RT @ markets : What Is Trump worth to Twitter ? One analyst estimates $ 2 billion https : //t.co/knniVpqr35 https : //t.co/djkZiRk5nL
My great honor ! https : //t.co/x25T9tQAnI
RT @ Fuctupmind : @ realDonaldTrump Donald Trump 's amazing golf swing # CrookedHillary https : //t.co/vKhxxFCBV1
RT @ Team_Trump45 : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/Vu56q4z2XJ
RT @ Team_Trump45 : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/MOnPkuKxQM
RT @ Team_Trump45 : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/1zo6zc2pxt
RT @ glamourizes : @ realDonaldTrump Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great . He 's the only person who can ! H…
RT @ Team_Trump45 : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/dw0zKYtyfT
RT @ dmartosko : This is the # NYTimes . Can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them ? https : //t.co/LRJKtFNgM4
Thank you ! https : //t.co/vs4MNwXtei
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night . Asked him how Rocket Man is doing . Long gas lines forming in North Korea . Too bad !
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan . I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville , Alabama , on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate . `` Big Luther '' is a great guy who gets things done !
A great deal of good things happening for our country . Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs , and I believe will be getting even better !
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @ USAirForce ! The American people are eternally grateful . Thank you for keeping America PROUD , STRONG and FREE ! https : //t.co/DYxkh3gj0R
We will defend our people , our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life ... cont : https : //t.co/SYBRshx89b https : //t.co/sIiAuxL3OE
Our hearts & amp ; prayers go out to the people of London , who suffered a vicious terrorist attack ... . https : //t.co/Q2hTBV2l5t
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country .
Proclamation : https : //t.co/4xBZGjAGj5 https : //t.co/yZTr7rlpTV
Frank “ FX ” Giaccio-
On behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania & amp ; myself , THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning ! @ NatlParkService gives you an A+ ! https : //t.co/135DxuapUI
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 https : //t.co/MsaLA9POAt
CHAIN MIGRATION can not be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration !
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics ( and bad programming ) . People are dumping it in RECORD numbers . Apologize for untruth !
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 years.Must be proactive & amp ; nasty !
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger , tougher and more specific-but stupidly , that would not be politically correct !
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.The internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & amp ; use better !
Another attack in London by a loser terrorist.These are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard . Must be proactive !
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate , Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation , rather than 51 . Ca n't get votes , END NOW !
FLORIDA-
Just like TX , WE are w/you today , we are w/you tomorrow , & amp ; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to RESTORE , RECOVER , & amp ; REBUILD ! https : //t.co/phRMudujxJ
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA !

Emergency Information
1-800-342-3557
https : //t.co/zbWkR5VmDp

Volunteer
1-800-FL-HELP-1
https : //t.co/ghkbVajBN0 https : //t.co/2Jj85weO1U
... I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen . But do n't worry , I will veto because I love our country & amp ; its people .
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the U.S. & amp ; its people ...
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake . Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site .
Just left Florida for D.C . The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable . Damage horrific but will be better than ever !
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the U.S. Coast Guard , FEMA etc . A real disaster , much work to do !
... They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age . Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good , educated and accomplished young people who have jobs , some serving in the military ? Really ! ... ..
The WALL , which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls , will continue to be built .
No deal was made last night on DACA . Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent . Would be subject to vote .
The `` deplorables '' came back to haunt Hillary.They expressed their feelings loud and clear . She spent big money but , in the end , had no game !
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody ( and every thing ) but herself for her election loss . She lost the debates and lost her direction !
China has a business tax rate of 15 % . We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy . Jobs and wages !
With Irma and Harvey devastation , Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before . Go Congress , go !
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard , FEMA and many of the brave first responders & amp ; others .
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut & amp ; Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin . Move fast Congress !
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @ WhiteHouse today ! https : //t.co/3pWrBOh8dG
Congratulations to Eric & amp ; Lara on the birth of their son , Eric `` Luke '' Trump this morning ! https : //t.co/Aw0AV82XdE
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater , at least in certain locations , than anyone thought - but amazing people working hard !
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & amp ; have zero access . # FAKE NEWS !
RT @ LouDobbs : Making America Great Again- @ Kellyannepolls : After # Irma @ POTUS is focused on saving lives , not swamp shenanigans . # Dobbs # MA…
May God Forever Bless the United States of America . # NeverForget911 https : //t.co/erycJgj23r
# NeverForget https : //t.co/rmQ1a5bDon
RT @ Scavino45 : Hurricane force winds hit Florida Keys . 390 shelters have been opened in Florida . Shelters near you➡️https : //t.co/lL5pDP0N9D…
RT @ SecretarySonny : Serious @ Cabinet meeting today , called by @ POTUS at Camp David . Reports on # Irma 's track , potential impact , fed & amp ; state…
RT @ TravelGov : Continue to notify us of US citizens overseas impacted by # HurricaneIrma & amp ; # HurricaneJose . https : //t.co/EuIpTB144z https : //t…
RT @ KellyannePolls : Love and prayers for friends Adrienne & amp ; Eric Bolling .

May Eric Chase know eternal peace . https : //t.co/rtoCsVpPGy
RT @ NYPDnews : Many supported NYers when Sandy hit . Now our NY Task Force-1 can be there to help others during Harvey & amp ; # HurricaneIrma . Here…
RT @ seanhannity : @ ericbolling To my dear friend , please know we all love you , will be here for you and your family .
RT @ DonaldJTrumpJr : Great pic from a friend on @ CBPflorida @ CustomsBorder who have been helping with # harvey recovery and now with # irma . T…
RT @ Scavino45 : Florida Governor Rick @ FLGovScott . # HurricaineIrma https : //t.co/ch3wx9HDMj
RT @ EricTrump : Please stay safe # Florida ! You are in our thoughts and we are praying for you ! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/B3998hZyHI
The U.S. Coast Guard , FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready . Here comes Irma . God bless everyone !
Heed the advice of @ FLGovScott !

`` If you 're in an evacuation zone , you need to get to a shelter ... there 's not many hours left . '' Gov . Scott https : //t.co/92W8ViNMUK
This is a storm of enormous destructive power , and I ask everyone in the storm ’ s path to heed ALL instructions from government officials . https : //t.co/nJfM2Sdme1
FLORIDA-
Visit https : //t.co/pdBaD9t8SK to find shelters , road closures , & amp ; evacuation routes . Helpful Twitter list : https : //t.co/BUMVlxGFe8 https : //t.co/ncnuqCeB5K
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey ( just like others ) .
A message to my fellow Americans🇺🇸 # IrmaHurricane2017
🎥https : //t.co/jyg6AlyAAb
🎥https : //t.co/iPujtHzejr https : //t.co/HCQ9kmKc4E
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP . Do n't wait until the end of September . Needed now more than ever . Hurry !
... never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation . 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 ( vs. 51 ) votes . It is a Repub Death Wish !
Republicans , sorry , but I 've been hearing about Repeal & amp ; Replace for 7 years , did n't happen ! Even worse , the Senate Filibuster Rule will ... .
Our incredible U.S. Coast Guard saved more than 15,000 lives last week with Harvey . Irma could be even tougher . We love our Coast Guard !
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion , perhaps bigger than we have ever seen . Be safe and get out of its way , if possible . Federal G is ready !
We will confront ANY challenge , no matter how strong the winds or high the water . I ’ m proud to stand with Presidents for # OneAmericaAppeal .
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of # HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & amp ; state officials ! https : //t.co/AQmawTpZs0
During my trip to Saudi Arabia , I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab & amp ; Muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. https : //t.co/8oeAQfIeX8
Together , we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE ! https : //t.co/aL6In83eWK
Welcome to the @ WhiteHouse , Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait ! Joint press conference coming up soon : https : //t.co/8T4Nyzlp4Y https : //t.co/lfRa4AATaM
For all of those ( DACA ) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period , you have nothing to worry about - No action !
RT @ GOP : . @ IvankaTrump : This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda .
https : //t.co/rHqFqUJGWI
RT @ WhiteHouse : The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators . Learn more : https : //t.co/w5eMl…
RT @ GOP : . @ POTUS : I want to work with Congress , Republicans , and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , and pro-Amer…
Thank you , our great honor ! https : //t.co/StrciEwuWs
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help . Be careful , be safe ! # FEMA
We want our companies to hire & amp ; grow in AMERICA , to raise wages for AMERICAN workers , & amp ; to help rebuild our AMERICAN cities & amp ; towns ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/sglubjcbW4
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY , restore OPPORTUNITY , & amp ; re-establish our economic DOMINANCE , then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. https : //t.co/9NzLg2Qzpo
Thank you for joining me in Mandan , ND Gov . @ DougBurgum , Lt. Gov . @ BrentSanfordND , @ SenJohnHoeven , @ RepKevinCramer & amp ; @ SenatorHeitkamp . https : //t.co/8nIvtHvpu6
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men & amp ; women @ the Andeavor Refinery .
Full remarks : 🎥https : //t.co/uxBpyeERUm https : //t.co/fV9R9gJxDS
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida , Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands & amp ; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Rico . WE ARE W/ YOU ALL ! https : //t.co/k92cslgKFa
'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations '

➡️https : //t.co/xSHSyNkvuP
➡️https : //t.co/UbBSFOhMM7
➡️https : //t.co/xWOfp9Z9iR https : //t.co/qoJOM54Gy8
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS is committed to the health & amp ; well-being of the US people & amp ; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo…
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic !
Watching Hurricane closely . My team , which has done , and is doing , such a good job in Texas , is already in Florida . No rest for the weary !
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts . We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change .
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA ( something the Obama Administration was unable to do ) . If they ca n't , I will revisit this issue !
I look forward to working w/ D 's + R 's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st .
RT @ The_Trump_Train : @ realDonaldTrump Make no mistake , we are going to put the interest of AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST !

The forgotten men & amp ; w…
I am allowing Japan & amp ; South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States .
RT @ DanScavino : 'Trump as Commander in Chief , Making the Hard Decisions ' by LTG ( Ret ) Kellogg , a highly decorated Vietnam War Vet : https : //…
Congress , get ready to do your job - DACA !
Big week coming up !
We are building our future with American hands , American labor , American iron , aluminum and steel . Happy # LaborDay ! https : //t.co/lyvtNfQ5IO
The United States is considering , in addition to other options , stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea .
I will be meeting General Kelly , General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea . Thank you .
South Korea is finding , as I have told them , that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work , they only understand one thing !
..North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China , which is trying to help but with little success .
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test . Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States ... ..
So much SPIRIT in LA ! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives . An honor to spend time w/ @ NationalGuard , # LEOs & amp ; the # CajunNavy ! https : //t.co/7PEtSL6RKF
Remember , Sunday is National Prayer Day ( by Presidential Proclamation ) !
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana , where things are going well . Such cooperation & amp ; coordination !
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59 % , the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better !
RT @ Team_Trump45 : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/o1x6X2qQdM
RT @ ColumbiaBugle : @ realDonaldTrump @ FLOTUS President Trump greeting families affected by Hurricane Harvey . # TexasStrong https : //t.co/5Ga3d…
RT @ ColumbiaBugle : @ realDonaldTrump Love our @ FLOTUS ! https : //t.co/6LT9mLAJ86
Together , we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas . We love you !

GOD BLESS TEXAS & amp ; GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/1rzmEenQIb
TEXAS : We are with you today , we are with you tomorrow , and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to restore , recover , and REBUILD ! https : //t.co/p1Fh8jmmFA
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @ FLOTUS Melania right now @ JBA_NAFW . We will see you soon . America is with you ! https : //t.co/z3bHVdJVPr
On behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania & amp ; myself , THANK YOU for today 's update & amp ; GREAT WORK ! # SouthernBaptist @ SendRelief , @ RedCross & amp ; @ SalvationArmyUS https : //t.co/DLgFNiCxN2
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady . Great progress being made ! Spending weekend working at White House .
Stock Market up 5 months in a row !
'President Donald J. Trump Proclaims September 3 , 2017 , as a National Day of Prayer ' # HurricaneHarvey # PrayForTexas https : //t.co/shen5JxChQ https : //t.co/MpLB7WpxfT
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & amp ; women who have been working so hard . But still so much to do . Will be back tomorrow !
... get things done at a record clip . Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks . AMERICA FIRST !
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff . I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to..
Wow , looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was over ... and so much more . A rigged system !
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas . America is with you ! # TexasStrong
https : //t.co/8N4ABo9Ihp
RT @ FoxNews : . @ KellyannePolls on Harvey recovery : We hope when it comes to basic Hurricane Harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis…
RT @ SecShulkin : Our Mobile Vet Center set up and ready to help # Veterans impacted by # HurricaneHarvey in Corpus Christi . https : //t.co/P3qNX…
First responders have been doing heroic work . Their courage & amp ; devotion has saved countless lives – they represent the very best of America ! https : //t.co/I0gvCQLTKO
RT @ IvankaTrump : We must reform our tax code so that all Americans can succeed in our modern economy & amp ; achieve the American Dream ! # TaxRefo…
Texas & amp ; Louisiana : We are w/ you today , we are w/ you tomorrow , & amp ; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to restore , recover , & amp ; REBUILD ! https : //t.co/YQb82K2VSB
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed !
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines , it makes me wonder , WHY ? All I want to do is # MAGA !
After witnessing first hand the horror & amp ; devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey , my heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas !
The U.S. has been talking to North Korea , and paying them extortion money , for 25 years . Talking is not the answer !
RT @ BrazoriaCounty : https : //t.co/sUTyXBzer9
. @ foxandfriends We are not looking to fill all of those positions . Do n't need many of them - reduce size of government . @ IngrahamAngle
Leaving now for Texas !
RT @ TheFive : `` Trump just won on law & amp ; order and now he 's delivering the goods . '' - @ jessebwatters # thefive
RT @ TXMilitary : # PhotosFromTheField : Aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today . # Harvey # TMDHarvey @ USNationalGuard https : //t.co/fA…
RT @ NWSHouston : Historic flooding is still ongoing across the area . If evacuated , please DO NOT return home until authorities indicate it i…
RT @ GregAbbott_TX : Thanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans . # HurricaneHarvey https : //t.co/lhpJtAne10
RT @ Inspire_Us : No color , no religion , no nationality should come between us , we are all children of God . - Mother Teresa
RT @ KatiePavlich : Your boss pardoned a traitor who gave U.S. enemies state secrets , he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans . Spar…
RT @ DineshDSouza : Finally , as if by accident , the @ washingtonpost breaks down & amp ; admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston , and all over Texas . Floods are unprecedented , and more rain coming . Spirit of the people is incredible.Thanks !
Major rescue operations underway !
Going to a Cabinet Meeting ( tele-conference ) at 11:00 A.M. on # Harvey . Even experts have said they 've never seen one like this !
We are in the NAFTA ( worst trade deal ever made ) renegotiation process with Mexico & amp ; Canada.Both being very difficult , may have to terminate ?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world , we must have THE WALL . Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other .
Wow - Now experts are calling # Harvey a once in 500 year flood ! We have an all out effort going , and going well !
I will also be going to a wonderful state , Missouri , that I won by a lot in '16 . Dem C.M . is opposed to big tax cuts . Republican will win S !
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption . The focus must be life and safety .
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen . Good news is that we have great talent on the ground .
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government . Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with . Thousands rescued .
A great book by a great guy , highly recommended ! https : //t.co/3jbDDN8YmJ
Wonderful coordination between Federal , State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK ! Record setting rainfall .
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with # HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas ! https : //t.co/Ds95oSgo8f
Closely monitoring # HurricaneHarvey from Camp David . We are leaving nothing to chance . City , State and Federal Govs . working great together !
. @ ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear . We have fantastic people on the ground , got there long before # Harvey . So far , so good !
RT @ VP : All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting https : //t.co/2H22XpTtPj for critical updates on # Hurric…
RT @ EPAScottPruitt : Thoughts and prayers for those in Texas & amp ; Louisiana . I am closely monitoring # Harvey developments along with @ fema & amp ; @ E…
You are doing a great job - the world is watching ! Be safe . https : //t.co/PJLdxy3hD9
RT @ GovAbbott : To ensure your safety ahead of # Harvey heed warnings from local officials & amp ; review important safety information . https : //t.c…
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as # HurricaneHarvey makes landfall . America is w/ you ! @ GovAbbott @ FEMA @ DHSgov https : //t.co/PryIqRxgLr
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio . He kept Arizona safe !
At the request of the Governor of Texas , I have signed the Disaster Proclamation , which unleashes the full force of government help !
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected . Federal Government is on site and ready to respond . Be safe !
Just arrived at Camp David , where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey ( as it strengthens to a Class 3 ) . 125 MPH winds !
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey , as it strengthens to a Category 3 . BE SAFE !
I encourage everyone in the path of # HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice & amp ; orders of their local and state officials . https : //t.co/N6uEWCZUrv
Received a # HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @ DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke , @ FEMA_Brock , @ TomBossert45 and COS John Kelly . https : //t.co/cnkRZd6D6Z
I have spoken w/ @ GovAbbott of Texas and @ LouisianaGov Edwards . Closely monitoring # HurricaneHarvey developments & amp ; here to assist as needed .
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18 . Tennessee not happy !
Nick Adams , `` Retaking America '' `` Best things of this presidency are n't reported about . Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever . ''
Few , if any , Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A . Bills passed , regulations killed , border , military , ISIS , SC !
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff . There is tremendous spirit and talent in the W.H . Do n't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans do n't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51 % majority , few bills will be passed . 8 Dems control the Senate !
RT @ EricTrump : Honored to speak at the RNC Summer Meeting in Nashville Tennessee this evening ! @ GOP # MAGA @ GOPChairwoman 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.c…
RT @ GregAbbott_TX : Spoke with Pres . Trump & amp ; heads of Homeland Security & amp ; FEMA . They 're helping Texas respond to # HurricaneHarvey . https : //t…
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @ USMC Air Station Yuma . THANK YOU for your service to the United States of America ! https : //t.co/4lJ94nxODu
As # HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to # PlanAhead .
☑️https : //t.co/FMdmvohypy
☑️https : //t.co/YL56ldeqoW
☑️https : //t.co/t1s4AL3B47 https : //t.co/tpXmOK70ug
On Tuesday , I visited with the incredible men & amp ; women of @ ICEgov & amp ; @ DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma , AZ . Thank you . We respect & amp ; cherish you ! https : //t.co/KSQddGqWzJ
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that , after hearing Repeal & amp ; Replace for 7 years , he failed ! That should NEVER have happened !
James Clapper , who famously got caught lying to Congress , is now an authority on Donald Trump . Will he show you his beautiful letter to me ?
.. ( enthusiastic , dynamic and fun ) and the American Legion - V.A . ( respectful and strong ) . Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones !
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches . Well , there was Afghanistan ( somber ) , the big Rally ... ..
RT @ JerryTravone : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/6XJxEg1gSs
... did n't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up ( as usual ) on Debt Ceiling approval . Could have been so easy-now a mess !
I requested that Mitch M & amp ; Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular V.A . Bill ( which just passed ) for easy approval . They ...
Donald E. Ballard , on behalf of the people of the United States , THANK YOU for your courageous service . YOU INSPIRE US ALL ! # ALConv2017 https : //t.co/46m20cJkLB
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement & amp ; Modernization Act into law w/ @ AmericanLegion @ SecShulkin .
🎥https : //t.co/fr2sf9oRvd https : //t.co/bICsRm1tQx
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values , then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer ! # ALConv2017 https : //t.co/tsIAgHbFM7
If Republican Senate does n't get rid of the Filibuster Rule & amp ; go to a simple majority , which the Dems would do , they are just wasting time !
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media did n't cover fairly . People got it !
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house . I love the Great State of Arizona . Not a fan of Jeff Flake , weak on crime & amp ; border !
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/RzePiucV3h
# DrainTheSwamp # PhoenixRally https : //t.co/o7S6xoCBiC
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups , but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets ! https : //t.co/Mau0B1qYIP
Thank you Arizona . Beautiful turnout of 15,000 in Phoenix tonight ! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at : https : //t.co/s0D12EFs40 https : //t.co/WT4D9Vsen1
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma , Arizona & amp ; around the United States ! https : //t.co/tjFx8XjhDz
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts , courage in our souls & amp ; everlasting pride in each & amp ; every one of you . God Bless America . https : //t.co/44QYFSq07a
See you at 7:00 P.M. tonight Phoenix , Arizona ! # MAGA🇺🇸
Tickets : https : //t.co/2kUQfKqbsx https : //t.co/1w3LVkpESE
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @ USNavy aboard the # USSJohnSMcCain , and their families . https : //t.co/t3kD8qj9Mt
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer , Virginia . The future of our country is strong !
Address to the Nation
Full Video & amp ; Transcript :
https : //t.co/FELdImTuUM https : //t.co/6ly3fNatiX
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer , and every member of the U.S. Military at home and abroad . # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/ticezYKkhz
RT @ marcorubio : Good # AfghanStrategy & amp ; excellent speech by @ POTUS laying it out to the nation .
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington , Virginia .
➡️https : //t.co/LOV4StdJDj
Thank you , the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control ! https : //t.co/8J7y900VGK
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @ foxandfriends . The Fake News should listen to what he had to say . Thanks Jerry !
Thoughts & amp ; prayers are w/ our @ USNavy sailors aboard the # USSJohnSMcCain where search & amp ; rescue efforts are underway . https : //t.co/DQU0zTRXNU
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen !
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate . Our country will soon come together as one !
Our great country has been divided for decades . Sometimes you need protest in order to heal , & amp ; we will heal , & amp ; be stronger than ever before !
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @ Marty_Walsh .
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston . Police are looking tough and smart ! Thank you .
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @ BreitbartNews ... maybe even better than ever before . Fake News needs the competition !
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders . Many decisions made , including on Afghanistan .
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service . He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great ! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @ KissimmeePolice and their loved ones . We are with you !
# LESM
Today , I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act ( # HR873 . ) The bill authorizes ... .cont➡️https : //t.co/c3zIkdtowc https : //t.co/re6n0MS0cj
Just returned to Bedminster , NJ from Camp David . GREAT meeting on National Security , the Border and the Military ! # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Hjmcnnse9j
I have directed that U.S. Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused on ... .cont : https : //t.co/3iScfuMw9s
RT @ hughhewitt : @ realDonaldTrump I spoke to a group of influential CA GOPers tonight , long time activists , bundlers , influencers . Support f…
RT @ hughhewitt : # NeverTrumpers elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that @ realDonaldTrump supporters are deserting.…
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security , the Border and the Military ( which we are rapidly building to strongest ever ) .
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary ! The courts must give us back our protective rights . Have to be tough !
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult . They use the courts and associated delay at all times . Must stop !
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert & amp ; closely watching for any sign of trouble . Our borders are far tougher than ever before !
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught . There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years !
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona , Spain , and will do whatever is necessary to help . Be tough & amp ; strong , we love you !
... the beauty that is being taken out of our cities , towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced !
... ca n't change history , but you can learn from it . Robert E Lee , Stonewall Jackson - who 's next , Washington , Jefferson ? So foolish ! Also ...
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments . You ... ..
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business . Job numbers are looking great !
Great to see that Dr. Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake , who is WEAK on borders , crime and a non-factor in Senate . He 's toxic !
The public is learning ( even more so ) how dishonest the Fake News is . They totally misrepresent what I say about hate , bigotry etc . Shame !
... and people like Ms. Heyer . Such a disgusting lie . He just ca n't forget his election trouncing.The people of South Carolina will remember !
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK , neo-Nazis & amp ; white supremacists ... ...
THANK YOU @ MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW ! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE ! Full remarks : https : //t.co/Kz2EsQ3f1v https : //t.co/vD3BB3hyti
Join me at 7:00 P.M. on Tuesday , August 22nd in Phoenix , Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center ! Tickets at : https : //t.co/2kUQfKqbsx https : //t.co/5ua74dlVtq
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 , joined by @ DeptVetAffairs @ SecShulkin . https : //t.co/oMUIZ8X7oB
Just landed in Bedminster , New Jersey . # MAGA 🎥https : //t.co/6EQfmRzrnv
RT @ JacobAWohl : @ realDonaldTrump President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market , Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor…
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council & amp ; Strategy & amp ; Policy Forum , I am ending both . Thank you all !
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer , a truly special young woman . She will be long remembered by all !
Wow , Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement . Now in September runoff . Strong on Wall & amp ; Crime !
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision . The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable !
RT @ FoxNews : . @ POTUS : `` Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world . We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…
RT @ jessebwatters : Thanks for watching ! ! https : //t.co/QEjLzzGjDk
Congratulations John ! https : //t.co/vhmv7Qoutk
RT @ Harlan : Watching MSM you would have no idea @ realDonaldTrump clearly , unambiguously & amp ; repeatedly condemned the bigotry & amp ; violence in Ch…
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama . Exciting race !
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers . Towns , cities and states throughout the U.S. are being hurt - many jobs being lost !
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council , I have many to take their place . Grandstanders should not have gone on . JOBS !
Big day in Alabama . Vote for Luther Strange , he will be great !
RT @ foxandfriends : FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE : President Trump 'seriously considering ' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio https : //t.co/Rgw8l7i9Xl
@ foxandfriends According to report just out , President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he did n't want to anger Russia !
Senator Luther Strange , who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama , will be on @ foxandfriends at 7:15 . Tough on crime , borders etc .
RT @ JackPosobiec : Meanwhile : 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend , 9 deaths . No national media outrage . Why is that ? https : //t.co/9Crutnnrp8
Feels good to be home after seven months , but the White House is very special , there is no place like it ... and the U.S. is really my home !
RT @ foxandfriends : Sec . Mattis : If North Korea fires missile at US , it 's 'game on ' https : //t.co/CfPL9u2I2G
RT @ FiIibuster : @ realDonaldTrump We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first . Thank you , President Tru…
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the # Fake News Media will never be satisfied ... truly bad people !
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade .
Big day in Washington , D.C. , even though White House & amp ; Oval Office are being renovated . Great trade deals coming for American workers !
. @ Merck Pharma is a leader in higher & amp ; higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the U.S. Bring jobs back & amp ; LOWER PRICES !
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President 's Manufacturing Council , he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES !
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us ( or not fixed ) some of the worst trade deals in World History . I am changing that fast !
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement . He is strong on Border & amp ; Wall , the military , tax cuts & amp ; law enforcement .
Heading to Washington this morning . Much work to do . Focus on trade and military . # MAGA
RT @ axios : The DOJ is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in Charlottesville https : //t.co/bkqmQENipV
RT @ FoxNews : . @ AlanDersh : Trump Has 'More Credibility ' Than Obama With North Korea https : //t.co/0w1L01EL0q https : //t.co/9Q3FYUmNy1
RT @ DailyCaller : Guam Governor To Trump : I ’ ve Never Felt Safer Than ‘ With You At The Helm ’ https : //t.co/ESwleDjwuB https : //t.co/2UwKmzJtPY
RT @ SecretService : Our thoughts & amp ; prayers are with the families , friends & amp ; colleagues of # Virginia 's @ VSPPIO Lt Cullen & amp ; Tpr Bates # Charlot…
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today , and best regards to all of those injured , in Charlottesville , Virginia . So sad !
Deepest condolences to the families & amp ; fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today . You 're all among the best this nation produces .
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville , and will provide whatever assistance is needed . We are ready , willing and able . https : //t.co/mCTYBgUePi
We must remember this truth : No matter our color , creed , religion or political party , we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST . https : //t.co/FesMiQSKKn
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives .
# Charlottesville https : //t.co/DB22fgnu6L
Join me live from Bedminster , New Jersey : https : //t.co/P3cRVvE0cY
Am in Bedminster for meetings & amp ; press conference on V.A . & amp ; all that we have done , and are doing , to make it better-but Charlottesville sad !
We ALL must be united & amp ; condemn all that hate stands for . There is no place for this kind of violence in America . Lets come together as one !
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster , New Jersey . 🎥https : //t.co/v5O8GglOIK https : //t.co/H1Zi5XRKEo
As promised on the campaign trail , we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed & amp ; thrive as the economy grows ! https : //t.co/ZycW4PPcU5
`` Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on U.S. Economic Optimism '' via Bloomberg https : //t.co/X6KdszrxsS
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are ... . https : //t.co/tyqbvvmBn4
RT @ PacificCommand : # USAF B-1B Lancer # bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK ’ s # FightTonight mission if called upon to do so https : //…
Military solutions are now fully in place , locked and loaded , should North Korea act unwisely . Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path !
RT @ foxandfriends : Trump fires new warning shot at McConnell , leaves door open on whether he should step down https : //t.co/tJIRc0usWl
RT @ foxandfriends : Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump https : //t.co/wq8Im1cHpy
RT @ foxandfriends : FOX NEWS ALERT : 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab https : //t.co/MqrY7zbMy2
`` Trump approval rebounds to 45 % , surges among Hispanics , union homes , men '' https : //t.co/vvJMDv9Gjl
. @ IvankaTrump will lead the U.S. delegation to India this fall , supporting women ’ s entrepreneurship globally .
# GES2017 @ narendramodi
Mitch , get back to work and put Repeal & amp ; Replace , Tax Reform & amp ; Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing . You can do it !
RT @ foxandfriends : FOX NEWS ALERT : North Korea responds to U.S. with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung Un “ he is grossly…
RT @ ProgressPolls : Who is a better President of the United States ? # ObamaDay
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell , who has screamed Repeal & amp ; Replace for 7 years , could n't get it done . Must Repeal & amp ; Replace ObamaCare !
RT @ markets : U.S. job openings surge to record https : //t.co/3CPH78Sfvw via @ ShoChandra https : //t.co/JFhQ7HFN69
RT @ TheFive : `` @ POTUS being unpredictable is a big asset , North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do . `` - @ jessebwatters
RT @ AmbJohnBolton : Our country & amp ; civilians are vulnerable today because @ BarackObama did not believe in national missile defense . Let ’ s nev…
# GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Fkq2gJQOKk
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had `` excessive expectations , '' but I do n't think so . After 7 years of hearing Repeal & amp ; Replace , why not done ?
... Hopefully we will never have to use this power , but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world !
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal . It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before ... .
RT @ foxandfriends : President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with `` fire & amp ; fury '' in a warning to the rogue nation ht…
RT @ foxandfriends : France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured

https : //t.co/bm7gevcQi2
RT @ foxandfriends : Trump vows U.S. 'power ' will meet North Korean threat https : //t.co/od7Ohr51XD
RT @ foxandfriends : Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents https : //t.co/yGAq4IgHOs
RT @ foxandfriends : U.S. Air Force jets take off from Guam for training , ensuring they can 'fight tonight ' https : //t.co/E4EGIyNSHP
RT @ TheFive : `` Media bias is not just about what they report , it 's also about what they do n't report . `` - @ jessebwatters # thefive
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama . He has my complete and total endorsement !
RT @ FoxNews : Jobs added during @ POTUS ' time in office . https : //t.co/zD0FkFvHVx
After 200 days , rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close ! Do n't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls !
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane .
After many years of failure , countries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by North Korea . We must be tough & amp ; decisive !
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis , a major problem for our country , today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedminster , N.J .
RT @ foxandfriends : OPIOID CRISIS : Worse than we thought , with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported https : //t.co/27kLJKRX…
RT @ foxandfriends : Anthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada https : //t.co/d0CxeHQKwz
RT @ foxandfriends : U.S. spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat https : //t.co/BPFXsLffgy
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam , where he lied about his service , so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes , with its big losses and massive unfunded liability ( and non-existent sources ) , remain in business ?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council 's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N. Korea !
On # PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/QmfdLSLp6p
... conquests , how brave he was , and it was all a lie . He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child . Now he judges collusion ?
Never in U.S.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal . He told stories about his Vietnam battles and ... .
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a phony Vietnam con artist !
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation . Going to New York next week for more meetings .
Hard to believe that with 24/7 # Fake News on CNN , ABC , NBC , CBS , NYTIMES & amp ; WAPO , the Trump base is getting stronger !
... Supreme Court pick , economic enthusiasm , deregulation & amp ; so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together . Will never change !
... and West Virginia . The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story , record Stock Market , border security , military strength , jobs ... ..
The Trump base is far bigger & amp ; stronger than ever before ( despite some phony Fake News polling ) . Look at rallies in Penn , Iowa , Ohio ... ... .
The failing @ nytimes , which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win ( apologized ) , is totally inept !
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea . Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions .
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months : S.C. , surging economy & amp ; jobs , border & amp ; military security , ISIS & amp ; MS-13 etc .
RT @ IvankaTrump : The Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce . Thanks Kim for sharing your story ! https : …
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/g4ELhh9joH
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea . Over one billion dollars in cost to N.K .
Thank you Nicole ! https : //t.co/KlWN05uFOx
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington , it is great to see the A.G. taking action ! For National Security , the tougher the better !
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea . China and Russia voted with us . Very big financial impact !
Working in Bedminster , N.J. , as long planned construction is being done at the White House . This is not a vacation - meetings and calls !
RT @ RightlyNews : `` What 's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats ? ''
- @ jessebwatters on t…
`` Under Trump , gains against # ISIS have dramatically accelerated ''
https : //t.co/jNtOTh0moL
Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first . # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/4kTc6Om308
RT @ FoxNews : More than 1 million jobs added since @ POTUS took office . https : //t.co/ZVsC9oi9Ds https : //t.co/NNL1FwNMLU
RT @ IvankaTrump : Since @ realDonaldTrump inauguration , over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy ! # MAGA
RT @ dcexaminer : Emails show Washington Post , New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meeting https : //t.co/PKSL…
Great work being done by @ FEMA @ DHSgov w/state & amp ; local leaders to prepare for hurricane season . Preparedness is an investment in our future ! https : //t.co/e4rbchY3zM
No matter the mission , the brave men & amp ; women of our @ USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365 . THANK YOU and HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! # CG227🇺🇸 https : //t.co/GY555t0vzN
RT @ paultdove : @ FoxBusiness Republican Senators who are opposing the President , look at the great economic news : Americans Are Noticing !
RT @ Bet22325450ste : @ FoxBusiness @ foxandfriends Come on America . Get on the Trump Train . The winners already have boarded ! The losers are w…
RT @ FoxBusiness : # BreakingNews : U.S. employers added 209,000 jobs in July , unemployment rate down to 4.3 % # JobsReport https : //t.co/mWaTLMg1…
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ JudgeJeanine : There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a Trump family member…
RT @ RealJamesWoods : I 've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place.…
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun . Many job stifling regulations continue to fall . Movement back to USA !
West Virginia was incredible last night . Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond , GDP at 3 % , wow ! Dem Governor became a Republican last night .
RT @ Team_Trump45 : @ realDonaldTrump We won . Move on . https : //t.co/YnUKMoyegB
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year high ... .and for good reason . Much more regulation `` busting '' to come . Working hard on tax cuts & amp ; reform !
... .and do n't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin .
Toyota & amp ; Mazda to build a new $ 1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs . A great investment in American manufacturing !
Thank you West Virginia ! All across the country , Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal : to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/thRh7htVbH
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE . Massive crowd expected - tune in ! # MAGA🇺🇸
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere , using # VAVideoConnect - available at : https : //t.co/WFFHLWn8nF . https : //t.co/Dmq4htSps9
Today , I announced another historic breakthrough for the VA. We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our GREAT VETERANS ! # USA https : //t.co/LexSINeM1J
See you tonight Huntington , West Virginia !
# MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
Tickets : https : //t.co/ERU0xUWdCr https : //t.co/obtDsdV94t
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time & amp ; very dangerous low . You can thank Congress , the same people that ca n't even give us HCare !
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations . Much work left to do but effect will be great ! Business & amp ; jobs will grow .
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels . Stock Market at an all-time high . That does n't just happen !
RT @ JacobAWohl : @ realDonaldTrump The # MAGA great again movement is WINNING , and the left-wing media ca n't stand it !
RT @ foxandfriends : Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans https : //t.co/YrUwvMKlyb
I love the White House , one of the most beautiful buildings ( homes ) I have ever seen . But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects U.S. workers & amp ; taxpayers . Watch : https : //t.co/lv3ScSKnF6 # RAISEAct https : //t.co/zCFK5OfYnB
`` Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero 's welcome ''
https : //t.co/nqiZ8h8ajk
It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above & amp ; beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES , our COUNTRY , & amp ; OUR FREEDOM ! https : //t.co/YS6y1WR30G
Small business owners are the DREAMERS & amp ; INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future !
Read more and watch here : https : //t.co/hZE3fUqKDf https : //t.co/TJn5x6HrFG
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media ( 110 million people ) . Only way for me to get the truth out !
`` Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now . '' Thank you Stuart Varney @ foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roar , watch !
Stock Market could hit all-time high ( again ) 22,000 today . Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day . Mainstream media seldom mentions !
A great day at the White House !
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ Suffolk_Sheriff praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority https : //t.co/uNY7jBhleE
Highest Stock Market EVER , best economic numbers in years , unemployment lowest in 17 years , wages raising , border secure , S.C. : No WH chaos !
If ObamaCare is hurting people , & amp ; it is , why should n't it hurt the insurance companies & amp ; why should Congress not be paying what public pays ?
Do n't give up Republican Senators , the World is watching : Repeal & amp ; Replace ... and go to 51 votes ( nuke option ) , get Cross State Lines & amp ; more .
... they do NOTHING for us with North Korea , just talk . We will no longer allow this to continue . China could easily solve this problem !
I am very disappointed in China . Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade , yet ...
I love reading about all of the `` geniuses '' who were so instrumental in my election success . Problem is , most do n't exist . # Fake News ! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters , Repeal & amp ; Replace is not dead ! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill !
U.S. Stock Market up almost 20 % since Election !
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly , BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon !
After seven years of `` talking '' Repeal & amp ; Replace , the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare !
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance , they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute . They are laughing at R 's . MAKE CHANGE !
... .8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate . Many great Republican bills will never pass , like Kate 's Law and complete Healthcare . Get smart !
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they do n't go to a 51 vote majority NOW . They look like fools and are just wasting time ... ...
The very outdated filibuster rule must go . Budget reconciliation is killing R 's in Senate . Mitch M , go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN . IT 'S TIME !
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW ! It is killing the R Party , allows 8 Dems to control country . 200 Bills sit in Senate . A JOKE !
In other words , Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not , I want strong military & amp ; low oil prices . Witch Hunt ! https : //t.co/mMSxj4Su5z
We will defend our country , protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST ! Replay : https : //t.co/dcZxPKOPZ9 https : //t.co/0NGiIhGY18
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country . We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him !
... and a Great Leader . John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security . He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff . He is a Great American ... .
Departing for Long Island now . An area under siege from # MS13 gang members . We will not rest until # MS13 is eradicated . # LESM https : //t.co/GsgbBUXyHS
We will always ENFORCE our laws , PROTECT our borders , and SUPPORT our police ! # LESM
Harrisburg , Pennsylvania
# FlashbackFriday # MS13 https : //t.co/79Tskiv69j
... Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 , some really good things need 60 . So many great future bills & amp ; budgets need 60 votes ... .
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate , they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority , not senseless 60 ...
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down . As I said from the beginning , let ObamaCare implode , then deal . Watch !
Go Republican Senators , Go ! Get there after waiting for 7 years . Give America great healthcare !
It was my great HONOR to present our nation 's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIVE AMERICAN HEROES ! https : //t.co/j7ceXuBZ3f
Today , we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in Alexandria , VA. https : //t.co/it52TkLsye
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @ SteveScalise . # TeamScalise https : //t.co/qOolNmB65d https : //t.co/6OCn9JfMAG
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general . MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN !
... about then candidate Trump . '' Catherine Herridge @ FoxNews . So why does n't Fake News report this ? Witch Hunt ! Purposely phony reporting .
`` One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information ... ..
RT @ townhallcom : ABC , NBC , And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz 's Office https : //t.co/PjbZ2TGIKb
Come on Republican Senators , you can do it on Healthcare . After 7 years , this is your chance to shine ! Do n't let the American people down !
Wow , the Failing @ nytimes said about @ foxandfriends `` ... .the most powerful T.V . show in America . ''
Thank you Foxconn , for investing $ 10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin ! MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/jJghVeb63s
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation . It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today ! Full Remarks : https : //t.co/Pb5FTTOyWf https : //t.co/U6tfV93dDG
IN AMERICA WE DO N'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD ! 🎥https : //t.co/jIejSgVnnA
... big dollars ( $ 700,000 ) for his wife 's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives . Drain the Swamp !
Why did n't A.G . Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe , a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got ... .
... .victory and can not be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail . Thank you
... .Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military . Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ... ..
After consultation with my Generals and military experts , please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow ... ...
Senator @ lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans , and our country , down yesterday . Too bad !
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records . We all had a great time in a great State . Will be back soon !
People of Ohio are fantastic . Thank you so much . What an evening ! https : //t.co/KM0zoaULYH
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown , Ohio this evening . A grateful nation salutes you ! https : //t.co/RxobYHP1oR
Just arrived in Youngstown , Ohio with @ FLOTUS Melania !
# MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
🎥https : //t.co/A1mrxSksR3 https : //t.co/jWX9yBlX8z
. @ SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to D.C. for such a vital vote . Congrats to all Rep. We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans !
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly . Join us live !
➡️https : //t.co/7pquWbEutn https : //t.co/JHVHKgrPOY
`` America 's Labor Market Continues to Boom '' JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! https : //t.co/LuOaR1Iz2e
The American people have waited long enough . There has been enough talk and no action for seven years . Now is the time for action ! https : //t.co/VdTiYL0Ua7
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight . Big crowd expected . See you there !
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCare.The Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people !
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom . Could be very big & amp ; exciting . JOBS ! The E.U . is very protectionist with the U.S. STOP !
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians . Witch Hunt . Next up , 11 year old Barron Trump !
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote . Brave - American hero ! Thank you John .
ObamaCare is torturing the American People.The Democrats have fooled the people long enough . Repeal or Repeal & amp ; Replace ! I have pen in hand .
Big day for HealthCare . After 7 years of talking , we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate !
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & amp ; the person in charge of the Hillary investigation , Andrew McCabe , got $ 700,000 from H for wife !
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes ( where are E-mails & amp ; DNC server ) & amp ; Intel leakers !
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - `` quietly working to boost Clinton . '' So where is the investigation A.G. @ seanhannity
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly ?
So many stories about me in the @ washingtonpost are Fake News . They are as bad as ratings challenged @ CNN . Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes ?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive , dangerous , and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad ... ..
# 2017Jambo- Remember your duty . Honor your history . Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE & amp ; CHERISH your country ! https : //t.co/DnNYxGJm4I
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the # OCareNightmare !
Remarks : https : //t.co/tSvWaMdxBA https : //t.co/DI7e78hr6N
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @ SecretaryPerry , @ SecretaryZinke , and @ SecPriceMD ... .. https : //t.co/Yxm94XKtuv
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal & amp ; Replace after years of talking & amp ; campaigning on it .
Sleazy Adam Schiff , the totally biased Congressman looking into `` Russia , '' spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse !
So why are n't the Committees and investigators , and of course our beleaguered A.G. , looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes & amp ; Russia relations ?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found , Chuck Schumer just stated that `` Democrats should blame ourselves , not Russia . ''
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it 's actually much worse than anyone ever thought , and it begins with the Fake News !
Thank you to @ LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+ . S.C. , reg cutting , Stock M , jobs , border etc . = TRUE !
If Republicans do n't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare , the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand !
It 's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion , even if should be positive , is bad !
It 's very sad that Republicans , even some that were carried over the line on my back , do very little to protect their President .
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues , two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold , Democrats and Russians !
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the # USSGeraldRFord :
☑️Keep the watch🇺🇸
☑️Protect her🇺🇸
☑️Defend her🇺🇸
☑️LOVE HER🇺🇸
Good Luck & amp ; Godspeed ! https : //t.co/shcz5GQkCh
American steel & amp ; American hands have constructed a 100,000 ton message to the world : American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NONE !
# USSGeraldRFord # USA https : //t.co/Pibf37Eybg
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world . @ USNavy # USSGeraldRFord https : //t.co/YmiTLXcCEh
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R. Ford !
➡️https : //t.co/F78iOR64TW # USA https : //t.co/PrVceEmPOB
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists , no ideas or votes , only obstruction . It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators !
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and , after 7 years , vote to Repeal and Replace . Next , Tax Reform and Infrastructure . WIN !
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci , he wanted to endorse me 1st , before the Republican Primaries started , but did n't think I was running !
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & amp ; authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted ( & amp ; acid washed ) her 33,000 e-mails !
... What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia , including Podesta Company , Uranium deal , Russian Reset , big dollar speeches etc .
So many people are asking why is n't the A.G. or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes . 33,000 e-mails deleted ?
While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon , why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us.FAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world , The Gerald R. Ford . Norfolk , Va .
The Failing New York Times foiled U.S. attempt to kill the single most wanted terrorist , Al-Baghdadi.Their sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Post , this time against A.G. Jeff Sessions.These illegal leaks , like Comey 's , must stop !
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright !
Today , it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the # USSArizona to the @ WhiteHouse . # HonorThem🇺🇸
Remarks : https : //t.co/gySxxqazBl https : //t.co/6IPmbqVi10
Manufacturers ’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ ShopFloorNAM :
https : //t.co/a42fNElct1 https : //t.co/WHZtcAxhRQ
ICYMI- This week we hosted a # MadeInAmerica event , right here at the @ WhiteHouse ! If it is MADE IN AMERICA , it is the BEST ! USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/q4vB9GdE5y
`` Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH📈that is making America🇺🇸FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS💰RICHER . '' -Stuart @ VarneyCo
🎥https : //t.co/s7fYOicWGV https : //t.co/x9MeUzDom6
# MadeInAmerica🇺🇸
📸https : //t.co/39dwlGHI7R https : //t.co/VfIrc5Xssx
Billions of dollars in investments & amp ; thousands of new jobs in America ! An initiative via Corning , Merck & amp ; Pfizer : https : //t.co/QneN48bSiq https : //t.co/5VtMfuY3PM
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves , believe in your future , and believe , once more , in America . # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/NOnhJyWp4J
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @ VP Pence , Secretary James Mattis , and our great teams . # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/5d1MSzhjQS
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain , Cindy , and their entire family . Get well soon .
https : //t.co/fONWVlmYyz
The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is , & amp ; it will get even better at lunchtime.The Dems scream death as OCare dies !
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare . They MUST keep their promise to America !
RT @ FoxNews : U.S. Markets since election . https : //t.co/rlWSt30GUd
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest ! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister !
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is `` sick . '' All G 20 leaders , and spouses , were invited by the Chancellor of Germany . Press knew !
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes . Even parts of full Repeal need 60 . 8 Dems control Senate . Crazy !
With only a very small majority , the Republicans in the House & amp ; Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct , no votes !
As I have always said , let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan . Stay tuned !
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans . Most Republicans were loyal , terrific & amp ; worked really hard . We will return !
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now & amp ; work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate . Dems will join in !
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent . That 's politics !
Heading back to Washington , D.C. Much will be accomplished this week on trade , the military and security !
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @ USGA # USWomensOpen🇺🇸
I am at the @ USGA # USWomensOpen . An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting !
The # USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe . Our sailors are the best anywhere in the world . Congratulations ! https : //t.co/yTnMwSh1Kg
The ABC/Washington Post Poll , even though almost 40 % is not bad at this time , was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time !
With all of its phony unnamed sources & amp ; highly slanted & amp ; even fraudulent reporting , # Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country !
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign .
Thank you to all of the supporters , who far out-numbered the protesters , yesterday at the Women 's U.S. Open . Very cool !
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate & amp ; delete 33,000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media ?
The women played great today at the @ USGA # USWomensOpen🇺🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round ! https : //t.co/2oWyptgfIY
Just got to the # USWomensOpen in Bedminster , New Jersey . People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17 % since election !
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/3eYF3nir4B
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER . # WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 https : //t.co/xjVDkgo1NK
Will be at the Women 's U.S. Open today !
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story ! Also , jobs numbers are starting to look very good !
Stock Market at new all-time high ! Working on new trade deals that will be great for U.S. and its workers !
I will be at the @ USGA # USWomensOpen in Bedminster , NJ tomorrow . Big crowds expected & amp ; the women are playing great-should be very exciting !
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our U.S. Armed Forces . A grateful nation thanks you ! https : //t.co/wERNV7J4oO
President @ EmmanuelMacron ,
Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France . # BastilleDay # 14juillet https : //t.co/KZjJQOo0H1
Just landed from Paris , France . It was an incredible visit with President @ EmmanuelMacron . A lot discussed and accomplished in two days !
Left Paris for U.S.A. Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the
# USWomensOpen , their most important tournament , this afternoon .
Great conversations with President @ EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade , military and security .
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice , France . We pledge our solidarity with France against terror . 🇺🇸🇫🇷 https : //t.co/7irbz08oT3
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent # BastilleDay parade . Congratulations President @ EmmanuelMacron ! https : //t.co/1J4vZiy98y
. @ VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people .
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare , Republican Senators must come through as they have promised !
So impt Rep Senators , under leadership of @ SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved . After 7yrs of O'Care disaster , must happen !
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved . I will be at my desk , pen in hand !
Great evening with President @ EmmanuelMacron & amp ; Mrs. Macron . Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner . Relationship with France stronger than ever . https : //t.co/ib1pdUYoEU
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @ EmmanuelMacron . The friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable . https : //t.co/IOSoC0MdPv
President @ EmmanuelMacron ,
Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today ! https : //t.co/RKir1GcRrB
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @ USEmbassyFrance , members of the U.S. Military and their families . https : //t.co/ZSdsJ0Bsbl
Just landed in Paris , France with @ FLOTUS Melania . https : //t.co/knULGOQF1K
Big WIN today for building the wall . It will secure the border & amp ; save lives . Now the full House & amp ; Senate must act ! ➡️https : //t.co/TTg7lvBdo2 https : //t.co/xhiknXko70
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/HScS4Y9ZJK
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive . Jobs outlook looking very good ! # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Vwxsb2vWGe
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate & amp ; honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since U.S. entry into WWI .
`` After 14 years , U.S. beef hits Chinese market . Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture . '' https : //t.co/gDGgejqFMs
The W.H . is functioning perfectly , focused on HealthCare , Tax Cuts/Reform & amp ; many other things . I have very little time for watching T.V .
Why are n't the same standards placed on the Democrats . Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with . Disgraceful !
. @ WashTimes states `` Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump . ''
ISIS is on the run & amp ; will soon be wiped out of Syria & amp ; Iraq , illegal border crossings are way down ( 75 % ) & amp ; MS 13 gangs are being removed .
RT @ foxandfriends : Getting the job done ! Sen. Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill https : //t.co/wBjha8ldeK
Remember , when you hear the words `` sources say '' from the Fake Media , often times those sources are made up and do not exist .
My son Donald did a good job last night . He was open , transparent and innocent . This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history . Sad !
RT @ FoxNews : . @ jessebwatters on @ DonaldJTrumpJr meeting with Russian attorney : `` I believe Don Jr. is the victim here . '' # TheFive https : //t.c…
My son , Donald , will be interviewed by @ seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M . He is a great person who loves our country !
RT @ foxandfriends : FOX NEWS ALERT : U.S. flexes its defense muscles , destroys incoming test missile off coast of Alaska https : //t.co/gdpnc6a…
Big wins against ISIS !
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking . Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all !
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States ( L.A. ) . Stay tuned !
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees . They ca n't win so all they do is slow things down & amp ; obstruct !
RT @ foxandfriends : SEN. CRUZ : It 's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed . We should work every day until it is don…
RT @ foxandfriends : White House calls out Senate Democrats for obstructing nominees https : //t.co/O6Rsx5i2CZ
RT @ foxandfriends : Head of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia https : //t.co/nVWLb…
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ jasoninthehouse : Comey went silent when I asked him about his memos , which raised a lot of eyebrows . https : //t.co/BfSP…
RT @ seanhannity : HRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM ! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM ! Lynch BC tarmac : it 's a `` matte…
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her mother , as her mother gave our country away , the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES !
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries , I asked Ivanka to hold seat . Very standard . Angela M agrees !
I can not imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go !
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media . That is so illegal !
RT @ foxandfriends : Report accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information https : //t.co/Hkg4cAb6o9
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ carriesheffield : The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public . They 've failed to represent ha…
RT @ RealJamesWoods : Only now with a # RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by # Obama and the # Democrat cabal . @ realD…
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit does n't mean I think it can happen . It can't-but a ceasefire can , & amp ; did !
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding . Many lives can be saved . Came out of meeting . Good !
For years , even as a `` civilian , '' I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare . Now they finally have their chance !
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/NVDVRrWLs4
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin . Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian & amp ; Syrian problems are solved !
... have it . Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 ( had to apologize ) . Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election ?
... and safe . Questions were asked about why the CIA & amp ; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER , and were rejected , still do n't ... .
Putin & amp ; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit so that election hacking , & amp ; many other negative things , will be guarded..
... We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives . Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia !
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election . He vehemently denied it . I 've already given my opinion ... ..
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made . Will get done !
Thank you @ SenatorDole , very kind ! https : //t.co/cXrYiK46Qq
Leaving Hamburg for Washington , D.C. and the WH . Just left China ’ s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & amp ; North Korea .
Law enforcement & amp ; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg . Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists . @ PolizeiHamburg # G20Summit
The # G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel . Thank you !
We will fight the # FakeNews with you ! https : //t.co/zOMiXTeLJq
Great first day with world leaders at the # G20Summit here in Hamburg , Germany . Looking forward to day two ! # USA https : //t.co/bLKgZKQemw
Thank you !

“ Trump ’ s Defining Speech ”
WSJ Editorial : https : //t.co/YuDgVfRroR https : //t.co/T0R4u4IHDJ
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests ! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares ! We will # MAGA !
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders , including my meeting with Vladimir Putin . Much to discuss .
# G20Summit # USA🇺🇸
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA . Disgraceful !
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan & amp ; President Moon of South Korea .
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one . Thank you to everyone , including the haters , for the great reviews of the speech !
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe , and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West , and to the world . https : //t.co/vHzPwMtJSm
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN . Our values will PREVAIL . Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH ! https : //t.co/sozuVgdp5T
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism . # POTUSinPoland https : //t.co/MHxRmVvtsh
On behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania and myself , thank you Poland ! 🇺🇸🇵🇱
# ICYMI , watch here➡️ https : //t.co/COpVXnn8YG # POTUSinPoland https : //t.co/ylU3wLZV2H
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary . Thank you ! ➡️https : //t.co/mDhFzDm3ED https : //t.co/BcB3wLjILg
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 % in the first quarter . So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try !
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us ?
Getting ready to leave for Poland , after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20 . Will be back on Saturday .
# HappyIndependenceDay # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/9pfqnRsh1Z
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years ! I would like to see them go even lower .
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House . Happy 4th to everyone . Our country will grow and prosper !
# HappyIndependenceDay
# July4 # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/NsFslPEFrp
... .and Japan will put up with this much longer . Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all !
North Korea has just launched another missile . Does this guy have anything better to do with his life ? Hard to believe that South Korea ... ..
RT @ JacobAWohl : @ realDonaldTrump When Obama was President , the # MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies ! Now they barely mention new a…
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high ! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report ?
Really great numbers on jobs & amp ; the economy ! Things are starting to kick in now , and we have just begun ! Do n't like steel & amp ; aluminum dumping !
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @ FoxNews .
RT @ Reince : With a strong candidate in @ POTUS & amp ; @ GOP revolutionary data program , Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years
https : //t.…
If we can help little # CharlieGard , as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope , we would be delighted to do so .
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers , strong economy , success with ISIS , the border & amp ; so much else !
Will be speaking with Italy this morning !
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East . Interesting things are happening !
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning .
America 's men & amp ; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION , the STRONG protecting the WEAK , & amp ; GOOD defeating EVIL !
USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Gu3f8DCO3o
Stock Market at all time high , unemployment at lowest level in years ( wages will start going up ) and our base has never been stronger !
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE ! # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/jSciqzAs6G
# FraudNewsCNN # FNN https : //t.co/WYUnHjjUjg
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS . You have shed your blood , poured your love , and bared your soul , in defense of our country . https : //t.co/RRTR0MrR9L
My use of social media is not Presidential - it ’ s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL . Make America Great Again !
I am thinking about changing the name # FakeNews CNN to # FraudNewsCNN !
... .the 2016 election with interviews , speeches and social media . I had to beat # FakeNews , and did . We will continue to WIN !
The FAKE & amp ; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember , I won ... .
Getting rdy to leave for tonight 's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelical friends . See you soon ! https : //t.co/IX30uLw0ka
Weekly Address🇺🇸 # KatesLaw
# NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
Statement : https : //t.co/I8cqKGDK2B https : //t.co/00mao6Vk7R
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people , but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses . Too bad !
I am extremely pleased to see that @ CNN has finally been exposed as # FakeNews and garbage journalism . It 's about time !
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL . What are they trying to hide ?
Word is that @ Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @ NBC & amp ; @ Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate ! '
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @ JustinTrudeau . # Canada150
America will THINK BIG once again . We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American space leadership ! https : //t.co/mmqQs93l9F
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed . That patience is over . We are working closely with ... . https : //t.co/nCZ51HnIdx
I am encouraged by President Moon 's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers , businesses , & amp ; automakers . https : //t.co/DfsTyS4KUo
Watched low rated @ Morning_Joe for first time in long time . FAKE NEWS . He called me to stop a National Enquirer article . I said no ! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help . 1714 shootings in Chicago this year !
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now , they should immediately REPEAL , and then REPLACE at a later date !
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea . Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal !
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs & amp ; TRILLIONS in wealth . We are on the cusp of a true energy REVOLUTION . https : //t.co/Up9WkJnYgw
When it comes to the future of America ’ s energy needs , we will FIND IT , we will DREAM IT , and we will BUILD IT . # EnergyWeek https : //t.co/ZLfRNUIURE
Statement on House Passage of Kate ’ s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act . https : //t.co/uPRy9XgK5A
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act . ' Hopefully Senate will follow .
Good news , House just passed # KatesLaw . Hopefully Senate will follow .
`` Mattis Says Trump ’ s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria '' https : //t.co/XL9LLNKh8i
Join me LIVE with @ VP , @ SecretaryPerry , @ SecretaryZinke and @ EPAScottPruitt .
# UnleashingAmericanEnergy
https : //t.co/hlM7F2BQD9
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN !

# NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
# KatesLaw # SaveAmericanLives

https : //t.co/jbN4hPjqjS
Today , the House votes on two crucial bills :
☑️ # NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
☑️ # KatesLaw
☑️Pass these bills & amp ; lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN🇺🇸 https : //t.co/kTsCQOQ8Pz
... to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year 's Eve , and insisted on joining me . She was bleeding badly from a face-lift . I said no !
I heard poorly rated @ Morning_Joe speaks badly of me ( do n't watch anymore ) . Then how come low I.Q . Crazy Mika , along with Psycho Joe , came..
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly .
Tomorrow the House votes on # KatesLaw & amp ; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act . Lawmakers must vote to put American safety first ! # SaveAmericanLives https : //t.co/H4LTqvosnY
From my first day in office , we ’ ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy . Remarks : https : //t.co/Z8B95LWld5 https : //t.co/LMhTUQr50A
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up . https : //t.co/necCt4K6UH
Today , I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow . Watch and read more : https : //t.co/ugVV8Dn4YA https : //t.co/sUFKh66jg5
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @ Cubs ⚾️ to the @ WhiteHouse this afternoon . Congratulations ! https : //t.co/ZZl3GrFFU9
# ICYMI- on Monday , I had the great honor of welcoming India 's Prime Minister @ narendramodi to the WH . Full Remarks : https : //t.co/FK03YMKWCy https : //t.co/T9l3ggNX3T
The # AmazonWashingtonPost , sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes ( which they should ) is FAKE NEWS !
RT @ foxandfriends : HAPPENING TODAY : House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kate ’ s Law ' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act ' https : //…
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare . Wrong , I know the subject well & amp ; want victory for U.S .
The failing @ nytimes writes false story after false story about me . They do n't even call to verify the facts of a story . A Fake News Joke !
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare . They really want to get it right , unlike OCare !
With ZERO Democrats to help , and a failed , expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy , the Republican Senators are working hard !
So they caught Fake News CNN cold , but what about NBC , CBS & amp ; ABC ? What about the failing @ nytimes & amp ; @ washingtonpost ? They are all Fake News !
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories . Ratings way down !
RT @ ericbolling : Good morning friends ! `` The Swamp '' out today . President Trump has a copy ... get yours here https : //t.co/TntLPNCCjR . # maga…
RT @ foxandfriends : President Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the FBI https : //t.co/ld7…
RT @ foxandfriends : Another Dem 'queasy ' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case https : //t.co/wdQ9MduxOO
RT @ foxandfriends : Hannity : Russia allegations 'boomeranging back ' on Democrats https : //t.co/lvdrpxpcp9
RT @ foxandfriends : Mark Levin : The collusion is among the Democrats https : //t.co/Qrca7r01BI
RT @ JeffTutorials : @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/6sDcyiW4Kt
Wow , CNN had to retract big story on `` Russia , '' with 3 employees forced to resign . What about all the other phony stories they do ? FAKE NEWS !
Great day for America 's future Security and Safety , courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court . I will keep fighting for the American people , & amp ; WIN !
From @ FoxNews `` Bombshell : In 2016 , Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election . '' Check out his statement - Witch Hunt !
RT @ WhiteHouse : FACT : when # Obamacare was signed , CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017 . They were off by 100 % . Only 10.3M people…
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court . We must keep America SAFE !
RT @ WhiteHouse : Today @ POTUS will welcome the Prime Minister of India , @ narendramodi , to the White House . https : //t.co/MIi1ifmdAN
RT @ WhiteHouse : # Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans . It has failed the American…
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there , with no help from the Democrats . Not easy ! Perhaps just let OCare crash & amp ; burn !
..under a magnifying glass , they have zero `` tapes '' of T people colluding . There is no collusion & amp ; no obstruction . I should be given apology !
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling . With 4 months looking at Russia ...
... and did not want to `` rock the boat . '' He did n't `` choke , '' he colluded or obstructed , and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good .
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS , they have no policies or ideas . All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare !
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders . Is she allowed to so collude ? Unfair to Bernie !
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
I can not imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer !
Obama Administration official said they `` choked '' when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election . They did n't want to hurt Hillary ?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling , why no action ? Focus on them , not T !
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums & amp ; deductibles increase by over 100 % . Remember keep your doctor , keep your plan ?
Just out : The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia . Did nothing about it . WHY ?
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 https : //t.co/P1f12i9Gvt
Today , it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the # VAaccountability Act into law , delivering my campaign promise to our # AmericanHeroes ! https : //t.co/uNpp8CLYVz
I 've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills , mostly with no Democratic support , and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations . Nice !
Will be on @ foxandfriends . Enjoy !
RT @ foxandfriends : POTUS the predictor ? President Trump foretold housing upswing in 2012 https : //t.co/N3LMDZKTK1
. @ FLOTUS & amp ; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic . A wonderful evening & amp ; tradition . @ MarineBand : https : //t.co/NJFA68K6hT https : //t.co/tjc7nm54j8
We 're all thinking of you @ SteveScalise ! # TeamScalise https : //t.co/Yqf6exhm7x
Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
# AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/MVJbs44AtR
I am very supportive of the Senate # HealthcareBill . Look forward to making it really special ! Remember , ObamaCare is dead .
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world , after only Syria . Drug trade is largely the cause . We will BUILD THE WALL !
As promised , our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues .

`` @ ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation ''
https : //t.co/ki41GXeCMy
... whether there are `` tapes '' or recordings of my conversations with James Comey , but I did not make , and do not have , any such recordings .
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance , intercepts , unmasking and illegal leaking of information , I have no idea ...
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out . That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin ' Chuck stay !
... Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI , and still has n't ? It 's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election !
... Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks ( long prior to election ) . It 's all a big Dem HOAX !
By the way , if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election , it all took place during the Obama Admin . Why did n't they stop them ?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump & amp ; Russia .
Great night in Iowa - special people . Thank you !
Thank you Kirkwood Community College . Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN RALLY ! https : //t.co/J0elAr2aKJ
Just landed in Iowa . See everyone soon ! # MAGA🇺🇸
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on Healthcare , Tax Cuts , Security . Obstruction does n't work !
Well , the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O ! All the Fake News , all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina 's 5th District . We are all honored by your success tonight !
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th . Fantastic job , we are all very proud of you !
Thank you @ FoxNews `` Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election . ''
Things are looking great for Karen H !
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @ WhiteHouse today with @ VP Pence .
➡️https : //t.co/0wFw6vIABs https : //t.co/pVxf87Cl04
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & amp ; China to help with North Korea , it has not worked out . At least I know China tried !
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim . Video : https : //t.co/Rvm11ZbPk7
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS . She will fight for lower taxes , great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up ! VOTE TODAY
RT @ SheriffClarke : Happy Father 's Day to all dads . My dad . Like father , like son , @ realDonaldTrump supporters to the end . He an Airborne Ra…
Democrat Jon Ossoff , who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security , does n't even live in district .
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina . ObamaCare is dead . Dems want to raise taxes big ! They can only obstruct , no ideas . Vote `` R ''
RT @ joegooding : What 's happening in our country is n't just an assault on our @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump it 's an assault on the American people…
RT @ FoxNews : New Poll Shows @ POTUS Approval at 50 Percent
https : //t.co/FRWlSVvxzQ
Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier . Full statement : https : //t.co/8kmcA6YtFD https : //t.co/EhrP4BiJeB
It was my great honor to welcome President @ JC_Varela & amp ; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.🇺🇸🇵🇦
➡️https : //t.co/V3VBbh0ygV https : //t.co/d10LocQYXA
... .because he does n't even live there ! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare . On Tuesday , # VoteKarenHandel .
Karen Handel 's opponent in # GA06 ca n't even vote in the district he wants to represent ... .
... .getting great border security and healthcare . # VoteRalphNorman tomorrow !
Ralph Norman , who is running for Congress in SC 's 5th District , will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes , and ... .
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @ USNavy sailors of the # USSFitzgerald and their families . ➡️https : //t.co/a4Sm8SrLv7 https : //t.co/uDbkXoBtkZ
The Dems want to stop tax cuts , good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100 % increases in P 's . Vote now for Karen H
RT @ WhiteHouse : Happy Father 's Day ! https : //t.co/32tFoVa4Ov
Camp David is a very special place . An honor to have spent the weekend there . Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do !
RT @ DonaldJTrumpJr : Not surprising at all !
Father Of Otto Warmbier : Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet , Trump Admin Brought Him Home https…
RT @ DiamondandSilk : The Media Says : The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia .
Well , Why Do n't the Media Take Their Own Advice & amp ; S…
The new Rasmussen Poll , one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election , just out with a Trump 50 % Approval Rating.That 's higher than O 's # 's !
... massive regulation cuts , 36 new legislative bills signed , great new S.C.Justice , and Infrastructure , Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works !
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt . Many new jobs , high business enthusiasm , ..
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families . Thank you to our Japanese allies for their assistance . https : //t.co/d1l5ctjNyB
RT @ seanhannity : # Hannity Starts in 30 minutes with @ newtgingrich and my monologue on the Deep State ’ s allies in the media
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today . Another campaign promise that I did not forget !
`` National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba ''
Memorandum➡️https : //t.co/DlQTEMRI6T https : //t.co/o5MhFdKCJL
`` Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A . Towards Cuba ''
Video : https : //t.co/jUWCjgxX5D
Transcript : https : //t.co/IJP1dqCUai https : //t.co/Hq7TcTl8QG
Great news ! # MAGA https : //t.co/pirHR7lAyT
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director ! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America , the economic & amp ; jobs numbers are great . Regulations way down , jobs and enthusiasm way up !
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people ! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations & amp ; committee hearings about my `` collusion with the Russians , '' nobody has been able to show any proof . Sad !
# CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️ https : //t.co/u8InOJTf6D
Thank you Wisconsin ! Tuesday was a great success for # WorkforceWeek at @ WCTC w/ @ IvankaTrump & amp ; @ GovWalker .
Remarks : https : //t.co/9qFFjfB1D3 https : //t.co/iZE69VfhgX
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer , 'bleached ' emails , & amp ; had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & amp ; they talk about obstruction ?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at , but my non-dealings are ?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people ! # MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story , found zero proof , so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story . Nice
Just left hospital . Rep. Steve Scalise , one of the truly great people , is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter . Pray for Steve !
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers . Thank you for your bravery , sacrifices , & amp ; dedication . Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief !
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana , a true friend and patriot , was badly injured but will fully recover . Our thoughts and prayers are with him .
Just got back from Wisconsin . Great day , great people !
RT @ TuckerCarlson : . @ RichardGrenell : @ realDonaldTrump told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring # OttoWarmbier home…
The passage of the @ DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans ! I look forward to signing it ! https : //t.co/xNSEW7N3zd
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/lEJ9S817yb
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare . It is in a death spiral . Obstructionist Democrats gave up , have no answer = resist !
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting .
Fake News is at an all time high . Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories ? ? ?
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes ... gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection . Totally illegal !
RT @ Corrynmb : @ realDonaldTrump Liberals have an agenda and it 's not in America 's best interest . Keep fighting the good fight ! We stand with…
Well , as predicted , the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country . S.C .
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty . Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate . Sad !
Congratulations to the 2016 @ ClemsonFB Tigers !
Full ceremony : https : //t.co/syJUGoMhHJ
# NationalChampions🏈 https : //t.co/F23NZoX2BI
Finally held our first full @ Cabinet meeting today . With this great team , we can restore American prosperity and bring real change to D.C. https : //t.co/2M9PiKjCSH
Congratulations !

'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania ' https : //t.co/aIRllxNLQA
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific # PulseNightClub shooting . # OrlandoUnitedDay https : //t.co/OFFUVAFBJM
Ivanka on @ foxandfriends now !
Great numbers on the economy . All of our work , including the passage of many bills & amp ; regulation killing Executive Orders , now kicking in !
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ GeraldoRivera : Chances of impeachment went from 3 % to 0 % with Comey 's testimony https : //t.co/kfeXKdpJGe
RT @ foxandfriends : `` Yesterday 's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there was n't any…
My daughter , Ivanka , will be on @ foxandfriends tomorrow morning . Enjoy !
The Democrats have no message , not on economics , not on taxes , not on jobs , not on failing # Obamacare . They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS !
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible . Totally illegal ? Very 'cowardly ! '
... way up . Regulations way down . 600,000+ new jobs added . Unemployment down to 4.3 % . Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels !
The # FakeNews MSM does n't report the great economic news since Election Day . # DOW up 16 % . # NASDAQ up 19.5 % . Drilling & amp ; energy sector ...
America is going to build again . Under budget and ahead of schedule . Time to put # AmericaFirst ! # InfrastructureWeek
https : //t.co/7JBYklQeHE https : //t.co/gfzFXGmYhU
Time to start building in our country , with American workers & amp ; with American iron , aluminum & amp ; steel . It is time to put # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/R997QhXvX3
It is time to rebuild OUR country , to bring back OUR jobs , to restore OUR dreams , & amp ; yes , to put # AmericaFirst ! TY Ohio ! # InfrastructureWeek https : //t.co/4hGHviYqoR
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @ WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit . # InfrastructureWeek https : //t.co/76oAJyf1cC
An honor to join the @ FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday . In America , we do n't worship government . We worship God . # FaithandFreedom https : //t.co/kijEWhmRcq
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & amp ; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law . GROWTH !
RT @ AlanDersh : We should stop talking about obstruction of justice . No plausible case . We must distinguish crimes from pol sins https : //t.c…
Great reporting by @ foxandfriends and so many others . Thank you !
Despite so many false statements and lies , total and complete vindication ... and WOW , Comey is a leaker !
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati , in the GREAT STATE of OHIO , to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare & amp ; also Infrastructure !
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray , a man of impeccable credentials , to be the new Director of the FBI . Details to follow .
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act . The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP ! We can ’ t tolerate substandard care for our vets .
# ICYMI : Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative

Watch➡️https : //t.co/IMiZr22gAw
Great meeting with @ HouseGOP and @ SenateGOP leaders , including @ SpeakerRyan , @ SenateMajLdr , @ GOPLeader , @ JohnCornyn & amp ; @ SteveScalise . # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/sWKwu3xe2i
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago . # DDay # Heroes https : //t.co/PtGQj3J2cS
... extremism , and all reference was pointing to Qatar . Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism !
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off . They said they would take a hard line on funding ...
Sorry folks , but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN , NBC , ABC , CBS , washpost or nytimes , I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology . Leaders pointed to Qatar - look !
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media . They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out .
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare . We are all pushing hard - must get it right !
RT @ foxandfriends : FOX NEWS ALERT : ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne , Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3…
RT @ foxandfriends : Sen. Ted Cruz : Trump 's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win ' for Democrats and Republicans https : //t.co/TsggUEfOO2
That 's right , we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries , not some politically correct term that wo n't help us protect our people !
Today , I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally !
➡️https : //t.co/qSSZLNBpSX https : //t.co/CtfqTxF2fp
. @ SecShulkin 's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades . Our HEROES deserve the best !
➡️https : //t.co/OS2mbIQ3R7 https : //t.co/yuIg5na5KQ
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his `` no reason to be alarmed '' statement . MSM is working hard to sell it !
. @ foxandfriends Dems are taking forever to approve my people , including Ambassadors . They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS ! Want approvals .
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe . The courts are slow and political !
The Justice Dept . should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - & amp ; seek much tougher version !
The Justice Dept . should have stayed with the original Travel Ban , not the watered down , politically correct version they submitted to S.C .
People , the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want , but I am calling it what we need and what it is , a TRAVEL BAN !
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now ? That 's because they used knives and a truck !
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is `` no reason to be alarmed ! ''
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people . If we do n't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. , we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU . GOD BLESS !
We need to be smart , vigilant and tough . We need the courts to give us back our rights . We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety !
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people ' on London Bridge ...
# WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 https : //t.co/DNzRZiKxhd
# MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
https : //t.co/eJxeVZ3A1r
RT @ EricTrump : # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! ! ! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/MStWl628xe
RT @ HeyTammyBruce : Coming up at 720a ET on @ foxandfriends ! See you there ! 🇺🇸 # maga
RT @ LindseyGrahamSC : I support President Trump ’ s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America…
RT @ GOPLeader : . @ POTUS made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States . https : //t.co/q…
RT @ Jim_Jordan : President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor…
RT @ VP : Our President is choosing to put American jobs , American consumers , American energy , and American industry first . https : //t.co/y2Op…
RT @ foxandfriends : Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact https : //t.co/PDmwj13Lus
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field . # AmericaFirst🇺🇸
➡️https : //t.co/9VOb99W42r https : //t.co/2Lg8gxxXxV
Join me live at the @ WhiteHouse .

➡️https : //t.co/9VOb99W42r https : //t.co/sjb5VHLHYH
The big story is the `` unmasking and surveillance '' of people that took place during the Obama Administration .
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord , Thursday at 3:00 P.M . The White House Rose Garden . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself , refuses to say she was a terrible candidate . Hits Facebook & amp ; even Dems & amp ; DNC .
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam , Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @ WhiteHouse this afternoon . https : //t.co/6YbrIvJUCY
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances , and to form new partnerships . See more at : https : //t.co/VooQWEUNor https : //t.co/MTBIa44MEp
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Hopefully Republican Senators , good people all , can quickly get together and pass a new ( repeal & amp ; replace ) HEALTHCARE bill . Add saved $ 's .
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself . My children , especially my 11 year old son , Barron , are having a hard time with this . Sick !
... case against him & amp ; now wants to clear his name by showing `` the false or misleading testimony by James Comey , John Brennan ... '' Witch Hunt !
So now it is reported that the Democrats , who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia , do n't want him to testify . He blows away their ... .
Who can figure out the true meaning of `` covfefe '' ? ? ? Enjoy !
RT @ foxandfriends : Jared Kushner did n't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting , source says https : //t.co/nF6bM1FEt1
RT @ Scavino45 : President Trump pays respects and delivers # MemorialDay remarks at Arlington National Cemetery . https : //t.co/D5rl948J6u
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes , immediately , and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved , fast and easy . Dems would do it , no doubt !
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. & amp ; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News .
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany , plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO & amp ; military . Very bad for U.S . This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning .
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving . Thank you , God bless your families & amp ; God bless the USA !
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor , China , by shooting off yet another ballistic missile ... but China is trying hard !
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America . Home of the free , because of the brave . # MemorialDay🇺🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging & amp ; demeaning my use of social media because they do n't want America to hear the real story !
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well , actually ahead of schedule . Big benefits to all !
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere . ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better !
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked . Gave me full details !
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems & amp ; Fake News until the Republican won ? V was poorly covered
... .it is very possible that those sources do n't exist but are made up by fake news writers . # FakeNews is the enemy !
Whenever you see the words 'sources say ' in the fake news media , and they do n't mention names ... .
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the # FakeNews media .
Just returned from Europe . Trip was a great success for America . Hard work but big results !
Big win in Montana for Republicans !
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
I look forward to reading the @ CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June . Will take major action if necessary .
... . '' we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices ... .to foster a truly level playing field . ''
Just left the # G7Summit . Had great meetings on everything , especially on trade where ... .
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week !
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably , as they should . Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger .
Big G7 meetings today . Lots of very important matters under discussion . First on the list , of course , is terrorism . # G7Taormina
On behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania and myself , thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening , President Sergio Mattarella . # G7Taormina https : //t.co/BbKMB8jKRG
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront & amp ; defeat this evil➡️https : //t.co/haeuvCIF6I
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth , terrorism , and security .
Just arrived in Italy for the G7 . Trip has been very successful . We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs .
Just arrived in Taormina with @ FLOTUS Melania .
# G7Summit # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/l7aXolKBiK
Thank you for your support . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN !
# POTUSAbroad # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/42vCwr5GkA
Today 's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve .
# NATOMeeting # NATO https : //t.co/YNZV3bTekB
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital ! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients & amp ; getting a tour . # Brussels…
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels , Belgium this afternoon ! https : //t.co/1AvYSameD4
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis . I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE in our world . https : //t.co/JzJDy7pllI
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace .
Israel , Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great . Trying hard for PEACE . Doing well . Heading to Vatican & amp ; Pope , then # G7 and # NATO .
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit , Prime Minister @ Netanyahu and @ PresidentRuvi .
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom . https : //t.co/X6fUUxxYXE
Prime Minister @ Netanyahu and @ PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania and myself , thank you for the invitation to join you today ! 🇺🇸🇮🇱 https : //t.co/65npSnfS2E
RT @ netanyahu : Ever Stronger
חזקים תמיד
🇮🇱🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Ecf5p4HjfZ
# RiyadhSummit # POTUSAbroad🇺🇸 https : //t.co/WdDEOiV6oS
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ➡️https : //t.co/eUWxJXJxbe

Replay ➡️https : //t.co/VtmlSqciXx

# RiyadhSummit # POTUSAbroad
RT @ FLOTUS : I had a wonderful time with the students at the American International School # Riyadh today . # SaudiaArabia https : //t.co/AVzVV0W…
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen & amp ; women who have served , and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES ! # ArmedForcesDay https : //t.co/5Kkh0PYs5A
Great to be in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead . # POTUSAbroad https : //t.co/JJOra0KfyR
# WeeklyAddress🇺🇸
➡️https : //t.co/UYEhgch4Hl https : //t.co/HIQoFuc5cy
Getting ready for my big foreign trip . Will be strongly protecting American interests - that 's what I like to do !
`` President Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as # PoliceWeek ''
Proclamation➡️https : //t.co/oS8IfHz3xA
# ThankACop # LESM https : //t.co/r5n8EfMCI0
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today ! 🇺🇸🇨🇴
Joint Press Conf➡️https : //t.co/TQ6X7PMlMg https : //t.co/dPZ6DoVBph
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign & amp ; Obama Administration , there was never a special counsel appointed !
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history !
It was my great honor to deliver the # CGACommencement17 at the @ USCGAcademy . CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017 !
➡️https : //t.co/tYjWVDk0mE https : //t.co/mBQsOW7suU
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , to the @ WhiteHouse today ! https : //t.co/4BWjOCgnNv
'U.S . Industrial Production Surged in April ' https : //t.co/S0Z4SEIRhi
I have been asking Director Comey & amp ; others , from the beginning of my administration , to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community ... ..
... to terrorism and airline flight safety . Humanitarian reasons , plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & amp ; terrorism .
As President I wanted to share with Russia ( at an openly scheduled W.H . meeting ) which I have the absolute right to do , facts pertaining ... .
# PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and
# PoliceWeek Proclamation : https : //t.co/o4IXVfZuHw https : //t.co/UMJ6hklx4a
Today , I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers ' Memorial Service .
# NationalPoliceWeek
Watch : https : //t.co/xjAO7xEnM7 https : //t.co/lAE9aXLuW4
Wishing @ FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends !

Happy # MothersDay
I was thrilled to be back @ LibertyU . Congratulations to the Class of 2017 ! This is your day , and you 've earned it .
➡️https : //t.co/Z125WFSFhO https : //t.co/qlHWvskrFb
Will be interviewed by @ JudgeJeanine on @ FoxNews at 9:00 P.M. ( Saturday night ) . Enjoy !
# WeeklyAddress🇺🇸
➡️https : //t.co/uT4K4fh88Y https : //t.co/1iW7tVVNCH
Today , I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School . Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge ! # TARC Watch : https : //t.co/AgOi7aaG6t https : //t.co/zXBBhz7qcV
Today , @ FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother 's Day Event in the East Room of the WH . It was an honor to stop by , say hello , & amp ; introduce Melania ! https : //t.co/0pVUUvf2vy
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef , and other major products , into China once again . This is REAL news !
When James Clapper himself , and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt , says there is no collusion , when does it end ?
James Comey better hope that there are no `` tapes '' of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press !
... Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future `` press briefings '' and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy ? ? ?
As a very active President with lots of things happening , it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy ! ... .
The Fake Media is working overtime today !
Again , the story that there was collusion between the Russians & amp ; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election .
Yesterday , on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine , Pavlo Klimkin .
# LetsMakePeace ! https : //t.co/SPiIrJqI6G
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election .
We finally agree on something Rosie . https : //t.co/BSP5F3PgbZ
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity '
➡️https : //t.co/bk8RvTq25p https : //t.co/zfu80enoWH
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure '
➡️https : //t.co/B9F0PyCjXf https : //t.co/cb05pVE1zj
The Democrats should be ashamed . This is a disgrace !
# DrainTheSwamp https : //t.co/UfbKEECm2V
Dems have been complaining for months & amp ; months about Dir . Comey . Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved . Phony hypocrites !
The Roger Stone report on @ CNN is false - Fake News . Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision .
caught , he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness ... and now he is judge & amp ; jury . He should be the one who is investigated for his acts .
years , as a pol in Connecticut , Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there . When ... .
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke . `` Richie '' devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history . For ... .
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : 10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR 'S WATCH ... https : //t.co/dnGY08wTBP
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington , Republican and Democrat alike . When things calm down , they will be thanking me !
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY ; TOPS AFGHAN , IRAQ ... https : //t.co/i4FtSpLiHV
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job , bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI .
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey , including the fact that he should be fired , but now they play so sad !
Cryin ' Chuck Schumer stated recently , `` I do not have confidence in him ( James Comey ) any longer . '' Then acts so indignant . # draintheswamp
'Manufacturing openings , hires rise to highest levels of the recovery '
https : //t.co/txFZDYYIOe
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month . Today , we honor and thank all teachers ! # NationalTeachersDay https : //t.co/0gj8TIRa5y
Biggest story today between Clapper & amp ; Yates is on surveillance . Why does n't the media report on this ? # FakeNews !
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax , when will this taxpayer funded charade end ?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today -- - she said nothing but old news !
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody , including the fake media already knows- there is `` no evidence '' of collusion w/ Russia and Trump .
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister , Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @ WhiteHouse today with @ VP Mike Pence . https : //t.co/EAPvsrbrUO https : //t.co/FnKkuWLFDp
Ask Sally Yates , under oath , if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H . Counsel .
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that .
Congratulations to @ PGA_JohnDaly on his big win yesterday . John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again !
RT @ IsraeliPM : PM Benjamin Netanyahu at weekly Cabinet meeting :
In two weeks , Israel will host @ POTUS Trump on his first trip as President…
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico . Fired their employees . Tax product big that 's sold in U.S .
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France . I look very much forward to working with him !
Republican Senators will not let the American people down ! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead !
RT @ brunelldonald : I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted @ realDonaldTrump ! I…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ POTUS : `` I 'm not against the media . I 'm against the FAKE media . '' # CashinIn https : //t.co/F7mBIj7iVL
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia & amp ; why the DNC would n't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate ?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster , N. J. , a beautiful community , is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive . Meetings !
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work !
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives ? It 's dead !
Wow , the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare !
# WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 https : //t.co/4qckKpbtCR
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! https : //t.co/UR0eetSEnO
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do -- everybody does . ObamaCare is dead ! But our healthcare will soon be great .
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C. , I will be working out of my home in Bedminster , N.J. this weekend . Also saves country money !
Big win in the House - very exciting ! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 , we will have truly great healthcare !
An honor to welcome PM of Australia , @ TurnbullMalcolm to America & amp ; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea . https : //t.co/uvkxLWNBpV
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America ! This is a great plan that is a repeal & amp ; replace of ObamaCare . Make no mistake about it . https : //t.co/fYtghBlXxS
If victorious , Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote !
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead . Our healthcare plan will lower premiums & amp ; deductibles - and be great healthcare !
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the `` you can keep you doctor , you can keep your plan & amp ; premiums will go down '' ObamaCare lie . ''
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night . Join us now for a # NationalDayofPrayer , LIVE : https : //t.co/O7TYwULmEe https : //t.co/Yj4x47FFT7
Death spiral !
'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 , citing expected losses on INDV plans this year '
https : //t.co/5YnzDitF8r
RT @ foxandfriends : President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today , the National Day of Prayer | @ kevincorke https : //…
Congratulations to @ foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike .
The Fake News media is officially out of control . They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this !
... allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials . Not good !
Susan Rice , the former National Security Advisor to President Obama , is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on ... ..
It was an honor to stop by a # SchoolChoice event hosted by @ VP Pence and @ usedgov Secretary @ BetsyDeVosED at the @ WhiteHouse today . https : //t.co/XmntwbMXBQ
... Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election . Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign ?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds ! The phony ...
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief 's Trophy , the great Air Force Falcons !
Watch : https : //t.co/M8cZki5pry https : //t.co/8ZZzZgqGp3
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 % . Our country needs a good `` shutdown '' in September to fix mess !
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there ! We ... .
President Andrew Jackson , who died 16 years before the Civil War started , saw it coming and was angry . Would never have let it happen !
# ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO 's to help keep jobs & amp ; wealth in our country .
EO1 : https : //t.co/XJggnJAiPi
EO2 : https : //t.co/AKxef169fm https : //t.co/1IZnxAXUGU
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans & amp ; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation . https : //t.co/rEJi9ahOaY
... healthcare plan is on its way . Will have much lower premiums & amp ; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions !
You ca n't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead . Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors ... .New
The Democrats , without a leader , have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what 's best for U.S .
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania ! Fantastic crowd and people . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
I will be interviewed on @ FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day !
RT @ charliekirk11 : 100 days ago a new message , leader , & amp ; movement took the Oval Office ! A government FOR the people BY the people . This is…
Mainstream ( FAKE ) media refuses to state our long list of achievements , including 28 legislative signings , strong borders & amp ; great optimism !
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30 . Big crowd , big energy !
. @ LouDobbs just stated that `` President Trump 's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history '' Thank you Lou !
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China & amp ; its highly respected President when it launched , though unsuccessfully , a missile today . Bad !
I will be interviewed by @ MarthaMaccallum on @ FoxNews tonight at 7pm . Enjoy !
We are making tremendous progress with the V. A . There has never been so much done so quickly , and we have just started . We love our VETS !
RT @ foxandfriends : Former President Obama 's $ 400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base ; Sen. Warren saying she `` was troubled by that '' http…
Today , I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @ DeptVetAffairs : https : //t.co/sTxF5JYewQ https : //t.co/wdhI92TCvW
Presidential Memorandum for the @ CommerceGov , @ SecretaryRoss re : Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security : https : //t.co/sC3DORpW9v https : //t.co/u1OXeE8RZj
. @ FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @ MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to the @ WhiteHouse today🇺🇸🇦🇷 https : //t.co/9cuZJ9egg0
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government . Terrible !
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders .
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies . It is time to put # AmericaFirst🇺🇸
What 's more important ? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies ? Ask the Democrats .
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border . Democrats want to shut down the government . Politics !
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare .
The Democrats want to shut government if we do n't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure . NO !
... subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all , we will then terminate NAFTA . Relationships are good-deal very possible !
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate . I agreed..
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous # ObamaCare , and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars . Sad !
A great great honor to welcome & amp ; recognize the National Teacher of the Year , as well as the Teacher of the Year from each State & amp ; territory ! https : //t.co/jGgfNWwy3c
Today , I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education . EO : https : //t.co/cdgj53B3yo https : //t.co/yO6tRcbkXD
Today , I signed an Executive Order @ the U.S. Dept . of @ Interior : 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act ' https : //t.co/590ZX7cUV9 https : //t.co/wpqghLqqiF
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @ FLOTUS , Melania !
https : //t.co/rYYp51mxDQ https : //t.co/np7KYHglSv
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years ( 2016 ) . GDP up only 1.6 % . Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly .
... the Ninth Circuit , which has a terrible record of being overturned ( close to 80 % ) . They used to call this `` judge shopping ! '' Messy system .
Out of our very big country , with many choices , does everyone notice that both the `` ban '' case and now the `` sanctuary '' case is brought in ...
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban & amp ; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings . See you in the Supreme Court !
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America '
Executive Order : https : //t.co/PMz29hioJN https : //t.co/cpwTMWgRme
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum 's National Days of Remembrance .
Full remarks : https : //t.co/KOxayXAe9c https : //t.co/2jbPkN5j4E
Do n't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL . It will get built and help stop drugs , human trafficking etc .
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult . We will not stand for this . Watch !
Proud of @ IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues . Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20 ! https : //t.co/e6Uajrm8zp
Today , I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation : https : //t.co/762SqgdLMV # ICYMI- My statement last night at the @ WorldJewishCong . https : //t.co/7vQWsGJC2F
If our healthcare plan is approved , you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down . ObamaCare is in a death spiral !
Join me in congratulating @ NASA 's @ AstroPeggy by using the hashtag # CongratsPeggy ! Earlier today : https : //t.co/z1pte6dgD0 https : //t.co/8AcmargFGP
... .the wall is not built , which it will be , the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be !
# BuildTheWall
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth ( and many others ) ! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday , ABC & amp ; NBC , while containing some very positive info , were totally wrong in General E. Watch !
... popular vote . ABC News/Washington Post Poll ( wrong big on election ) said almost all stand by their vote on me & amp ; 53 % said strong leader .
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative . Would still beat Hillary in ... ..
Eventually , but at a later date so we can get started early , Mexico will be paying , in some form , for the badly needed border wall .
The Democrats do n't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members .
ObamaCare is in serious trouble . The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought .
Thank you Lake Worth , Florida . @ foxandfriends
Very interesting election currently taking place in France .
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection . Jobs matter !
Today on Earth Day , we celebrate our beautiful forests , lakes and land . We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation .
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday .
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania . Look forward to it !
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania . Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans !
RT @ foxandfriends : Israeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense . Sec Mattis https : //t.co/v2C9oaq3uY
RT @ foxandfriends : Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds , plus give them access to city services https : //t.co/…
After 5 SB victories since 2002 , it was my honor to give Bob Kraft , Coach Belichick , and the players their first tour of the WH Residence . https : //t.co/axmdkTmNtF
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens '
Executive Order : https : //t.co/vk0jEZDHPo https : //t.co/6p0vtWh4Xy
RT @ Scavino45 : . @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump , @ IvankaTrump , Jared Kushner , & amp ; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya & amp ; her brother Basel .
# W…
WELCOME HOME , AYA !
# GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/CR4I8dvunc
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so , while nothing is easy , if they want to solve the North Korean problem , they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days , & amp ; it has been a lot ( including S.C. ) , media will kill !
Another terrorist attack in Paris . The people of France will not take much more of this . Will have a big effect on presidential election !
RT @ foxandfriends : NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots ' visit to the White House ( via @ FoxFriendsFirst ) h…
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon ! # ICYMI- Joint Press Conference : https : //t.co/o9d31Veybs https : //t.co/s6ZwJJiWbQ
We 're going to use American steel , we 're going to use American labor , we are going to come first in all deals . ➡️https : //t.co/Ty5011oJjU https : //t.co/yC5ZuVavxK
Failing @ nytimes , which has been calling me wrong for two years , just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H .
A great honor to host the @ SuperBowl Champion New England @ Patriots at the White House today . Congratulations ! https : //t.co/OX5CPeZ5BZ https : //t.co/wXLsO4AZMr
Today I signed the Veterans ( OUR HEROES ) Choice Program Extension & amp ; Improvement Act @ the @ WhiteHouse . # S544
Watch➡️https : //t.co/BVndbqmx8J https : //t.co/pdZOuyyE67
# BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸 https : //t.co/JPEXQTVR1E
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia . Great job Karen Handel ! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th .
Despite major outside money , FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates , BIG `` R '' win with runoff in Georgia . Glad to be of help !
# BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸
Watch➡️https : //t.co/AUqYcrgeyn https : //t.co/rf9aivVb7g
Just learned that Jon @ Ossoff , who is running for Congress in Georgia , does n't even live in the district . Republicans , get out and vote !
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6 . Force runoff and easy win ! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & amp ; 2nd A .
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress . VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration , bad for jobs and wants higher taxes . Say NO
I will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends by @ ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 A.M . Enjoy !
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin . allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast !
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia ( on Tuesday ) for Congress , a runoff will be a win . Vote `` R '' for lower taxes & amp ; safety !
See you tomorrow Wisconsin !

'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area '
https : //t.co/JUxhO3oqjO
TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50 %
https : //t.co/vjZkGTyQb9
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50 % https : //t.co/TruX3WzR3U
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals , allow illegal immigration and raise taxes !
The Fake Media ( not Real Media ) has gotten even worse since the election . Every story is badly slanted . We have to hold them to the truth !
A great book for your reading enjoyment : `` REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS '' by Michael J. Knowles .
`` The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy ! '' So true . @ foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election ( Congress ) was a really big media event , until the Republicans won . Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD !
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before . Frankly , we have no choice !
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday . The election is over !
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College ! Now Tax Returns are brought up again ?
Happy Easter to everyone !
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem ? We will see what happens !
RT @ FLOTUS : Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the @ WhiteHouse on Monday ! https : //t.co/nz7vucugx9
Weekly Address- https : //t.co/tpZ7eqJLUH https : //t.co/B2NQzj53ft
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : GREAT AGAIN : FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS ' SCANDAL ... https : //t.co/clOLxTE3D4
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta 's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon ! https : //t.co/ZtC14AJ0xs
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia . At the right time everyone will come to their senses & amp ; there will be lasting peace !
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea . If they are unable to do so , the U.S. , with its allies , will ! U.S.A .
Jobs are returning , illegal immigration is plummeting , law , order and justice are being restored . We are truly making America great again !
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border , on energy , on jobs , on regulations . Big changes are happening !
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers . # AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec . Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share & amp ; focus on the threat of terrorism . https : //t.co/e3ACOOOb0y
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes , easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems , who spent heavily & amp ; predicted victory !
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea .
I will be interviewed by @ MariaBartiromo at 6:00 A.M. @ FoxBusiness . Enjoy !
Great Strategic & amp ; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO 's from around the United States . # AmericaFirst https : //t.co/14a2BRy99j
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas . A wonderful guy , I need his help on Healthcare & amp ; Tax Cuts ( Reform ) .
North Korea is looking for trouble . If China decides to help , that would be great . If not , we will solve the problem without them ! U.S.A .
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem !
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America , Israel , and around the world . # ChagSameach
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court . A great day for America ! # SCOTUS https : //t.co/8KGFSk8BFj
Thank you @ USNavy ! # USA https : //t.co/oD7L8vPgjq
... confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly .
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt . U.S. strongly condemns . I have great ...
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M . He will be a great Justice . Very proud of him !
The reason you do n't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix ( fill in and top ) !
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States , and the world , so well in the Syria attack .
... goodwill and friendship was formed , but only time will tell on trade .
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States . Tremendous ...
RT @ IvankaTrump : Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan 's official…
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @ WWP # SoldierRideDC at the @ WhiteHouse today with @ FLOTUS , @ VP and @ SecondLady . # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/puVTKwUfRp
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
https : //t.co/XGOQPHywrt https : //t.co/B5Qbn6llzE
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship & amp ; to strengthening America 's long-standing support for Jordan . @ KingAbdullahII . https : //t.co/ogzxuZ7kla
Great to talk jobs with # NABTU2017 . Tremendous spirit & amp ; optimism - we will deliver ! https : //t.co/6lRuQZZHrc
Thank you Sean McGarvey & amp ; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak . # NABTU2017 https : //t.co/x3IVNT5btk https : //t.co/j0CRhiyvDu
. @ WhiteHouse # CEOTownHall
➡️https : //t.co/ADSKuUXf1b https : //t.co/XHfQ6zmF2H
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP ? https : //t.co/bL2nZRFxk9
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @ WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership between the U.S. and Egypt . https : //t.co/HE0ryjEFb6
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project ( @ WWP ) Soldier Ride to the @ WhiteHouse on Thursday ! https : //t.co/CkN50HPgeo
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt . On behalf of the United States , I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship .
. @ FoxNews from multiple sources : `` There was electronic surveillance of Trump , and people close to Trump . This is unprecedented . '' @ FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate ? Just asking !
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted ? Did Hillary know ?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @ foxandfriends . `` Spied on before nomination . '' The real story .
Melania and I are honored to light up the @ WhiteHouse this evening , for
# WorldAutismAwarenessDay . Join us & amp ; # LIUB . https : //t.co/o07NPQTCyK https : //t.co/7zzwSwBdZK
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING ! Find the leakers .
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are , and have been , going on , and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck .
Anybody ( especially Fake News media ) who thinks that Repeal & amp ; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party !
Thank you @ JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/AQQzmt10x7
..not associated with Russia . Trump team spied on before he was nominated . '' If this is true , does not get much bigger . Would be sad for U.S .
Wow , @ FoxNews just reporting big news . Source : `` Official behind unmasking is high up . Known Intel official is responsible . Some unmasked ... .
... use subsidies to buy health plans . '' In other words , Ocare is dead . Good things will happen , however , either with Republicans or Dems .
The failing @ nytimes finally gets it - `` In places where no insurance company offers plans , there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is `` no path to victory for Trump '' that is now pushing the phony Russia story . A total scam !
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @ NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story ?
We are going to defend our industry & amp ; create a level playing field for the American worker . It is time to put # AmericaFirst & amp ; # MAGA ! https : //t.co/GUWx7JqvCi
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years ' ➡️https : //t.co/hSaj7eEHx9 https : //t.co/r3rILZyTJP
It is an exciting time for our country !
# WeeklyAddress # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/tP4bkvTOBq
# ConfirmGorsuch # SCOTUS https : //t.co/WkqHYMcYa3
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today , former Secretary of State , Condoleezza Rice ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/ZuriIC3YwG
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark , Lars Løkke Rasmussen { @ larsloekke } to the @ WhiteHouse yesterday ! https : //t.co/3OKvdfvuyk
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt ( excuse for big election loss ) , by media & amp ; Dems , of historic proportion !
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
https : //t.co/n33fsISWax https : //t.co/tcXorZfdea
... and job losses . American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives .
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits ...
Where are @ RepMarkMeadows , @ Jim_Jordan and @ Raul_Labrador ?
# RepealANDReplace # Obamacare
If @ RepMarkMeadows , @ Jim_Jordan and @ Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & amp ; reform .
Great op-ed from @ RepKenBuck . Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end # Obamacare . https : //t.co/Y2vTnIBTBZ
The failing @ nytimes has disgraced the media world . Gotten me wrong for two solid years . Change libel laws ? https : //t.co/QIqLgvYLLi
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they do n't get on the team , & amp ; fast . We must fight them , & amp ; Dems , in 2018 !
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day .
# ThankAVeteran https : //t.co/hnS8jD9Rfr https : //t.co/BY44VFuY7K
. @ FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women 's Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/xzcpJWICjU https : //t.co/rurW4hWcKP
Today 's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis . Watch listening session➡️https : //t.co/ny9DG8XSrq https : //t.co/NZ3oSk2AJP
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media !
Remember when the failing @ nytimes apologized to its subscribers , right after the election , because their coverage was so wrong . Now worse !
Why does n't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @ FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of Uranium ?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY !
# MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸
Watch here : https : //t.co/EG02Fdlkba https : //t.co/XT12jqoIqj
It was an honor to welcome @ GLFOP to the @ WhiteHouse today with @ VP Pence & amp ; Attorney General Sessions . THANK YOU for all you do 24/7/365 ! https : //t.co/UOKsiqMpsx
The failing @ NYTimes would do much better if they were honest !
https : //t.co/ATy8R3knS2
Watch @ foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia !
Big announcement by Ford today . Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants . Car companies coming back to U.S. JOBS ! JOBS ! JOBS !
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long . Do not worry , we are in very good shape !
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory . After so many bad years they were ready for a win !
... money to Bill , the Hillary Russian `` reset , '' praise of Russia by Hillary , or Podesta Russian Company . Trump Russia story is a hoax . # MAGA !
Why is n't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill & amp ; Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia , Russian speech ... .
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border . Numbers are way down . Many are not even trying to come in anymore .
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus , with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage , have saved Planned Parenthood & amp ; Ocare !
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today . Amazing support . We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Watch @ JudgeJeanine on @ FoxNews tonight at 9:00 P.M .
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE . Do not worry !
Happy # MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes ! ➡️https : //t.co/juAB1RmMh0 https : //t.co/Sw5ea1OwUf
Today , I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $ 25 BILLION & amp ; 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years . THANK YOU Charter Communications ! https : //t.co/PLxUmXVl0h
Today , I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the # KeystonePipeline . A great day for American jobs ! https : //t.co/5ga6XmpStG
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus , which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood , allows P.P . to continue if they stop this plan !
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare ( skyrocketing premiums & amp ; deductibles , bad healthcare ) , this is finally your chance for a great plan !
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @ WhiteHouse today ! https : //t.co/M1veooVBNE
We are taking action to # RepealANDReplace # Obamacare ! Contact your Rep & amp ; tell them you support # AHCA . # PassTheBill
https : //t.co/opzrXJigGA https : //t.co/C7snoRafPI
A great American , Kurt Cochran , was killed in the London terror attack . My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends .
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC . Such dishonesty !
Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London . She is strong and doing very well .
RT @ mitchellvii : Trump always ends up being right . It 's almost a little freaky .
RT @ mitchellvii : EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair : We Can not Rule Out Sr. Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance https : //…
Big day for healthcare . Working hard !
Today on # NationalAgDay , we honor our great American farmers & amp ; ranchers . Their hard work & amp ; dedication are ingrained in our nation 's fabric . https : //t.co/HG9BGCmSmc
Honored to sign S.442 today . With this legislation , we support @ NASA 's scientists , engineers , and astronauts in their pursuit of discovery ! https : //t.co/9W37qQ0GVf
Joined the @ HouseGOP Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol . https : //t.co/03e4YBIWr0 # PassTheBill # MAGA🇺🇸https : //t.co/USjroMigmr https : //t.co/QCeRv9eHaE
Thank you Louisville , Kentucky . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/qGgWEWUvek
Thank you Louisville , Kentucky- on my way ! # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/3QsBsib6kt
Congratulations Eric & amp ; Lara . Very proud and happy for the two of you ! https : //t.co/s0T3cTQc40
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians ? Also , is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look ?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster . Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress , the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information . Must find leaker now !
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign . Big advantage in Electoral College & amp ; lost !
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia . This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it !
# ICYMI : Weekly Address
➡️https : //t.co/ckVx2zgA1x https : //t.co/dTGZLvlsGv
... vast sums of money to NATO & amp ; the United States must be paid more for the powerful , and very expensive , defense it provides to Germany !
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS , I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel . Nevertheless , Germany owes ... ..
Great meeting with the @ RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @ WhiteHouse ! https : //t.co/8Y2UoHoYaY
`` The President Changed . So Has Small Businesses ' Confidence ''
https : //t.co/daTGjPmYeJ
North Korea is behaving very badly . They have been `` playing '' the United States for years . China has done little to help !
RT @ foxandfriends : FOX NEWS ALERT : Jihadis using religious visa to enter US , experts warn ( via @ FoxFriendsFirst ) https : //t.co/pwXeR9OMQC
RT @ foxandfriends : VIDEO : Rep. Scalise — GOP agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill https : //t.co/05dtfjAUbx
RT @ AmericaFirstPol : MAJOR IMPACT : @ POTUS Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track . # MAGA
https : //t.c…
RT @ FoxNews : Jobs created in February . https : //t.co/sOaMDxxTA8
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends !
RT @ DiamondandSilk : When the President says `` You 're Fired '' That means : `` Pack Yo Stuff and Go , Not Say `` You Refuse to Go ! # DrainTheSwam…
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today . Look forward to tremendous growth & amp ; future mtgs !
Great progress on healthcare . Improvements being made - Republicans coming together !
RT @ USHCC : USHCC was delighted to host @ IvankaTrump for a roundtable discussion w/ Hispanic women biz owners today in Washington # USHCCLegi…
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland , @ EndaKennyTD to the @ WhiteHouse today with @ VP Pence . 🇺🇸🇮🇪 https : //t.co/J3iTl2iSiQ
A budget that puts # AmericaFirst must make safety its no . 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity : https : //t.co/9lxx1iQo7m
Thank you Nashville , Tennessee ! https : //t.co/6snvQ0DzXN
In Nashville , Tennessee ! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/m5UR4vv6UH
Thank you Andrew Jackson ! # POTUS7 # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/GToWsWXiNv
I will be interviewed by @ TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @ FoxNews . Enjoy !
CEO 's most optimistic since 2009 . It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut !
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville , Tennessee , tonight . Big crowd of great people expected . Will be fun !
Will be going to Detroit , Michigan ( love ) , today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State & amp ; U.S . Already happening !
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @ SnoopDogg , failing career and all , had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama ? Jail time !
Does anybody really believe that a reporter , who nobody ever heard of , `` went to his mailbox '' and found my tax returns ? @ NBCNews FAKE NEWS !
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better ! https : //t.co/SYBl47CsZn
JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! https : //t.co/wAkQMKdPXA
Meeting w/ Washington , D.C. @ MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here in D.C. Everyone be safe ! https : //t.co/E69Jb0vycu
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting . Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because Senate Dems are delaying ! https : //t.co/mykytxPkD9
Healthcare listening session w/ @ VP & amp ; @ SecPriceMD . Watch : https : //t.co/5ayQ4dr8Ip # ReadTheBill : https : //t.co/lZlPPGIkzH
# RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/35ym2Mwb9h
ObamaCare is imploding . It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet , by far ! Republicans will come together and save the day .
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives . Be nice , you will do much better !
RT @ AmericaFirstPol : . @ POTUS Trump led a historic journey to the White House . 50 days in , that historic journey continues . Take a look 👉 ht…
We are making great progress with healthcare . ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse . Republicans coming together to get job done !
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the @ WhiteHouse ! # MAGA🇺🇸
➡️https : //t.co/YSaPJnSX2i https : //t.co/Gb8iTGzb6j
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : GREAT AGAIN : +235,000 https : //t.co/GkockGNdtC
RT @ foxandfriends : `` Never give up ... .that 's the worst thing you could do . There 's always a chance . '' -Kyle Coddington 's message to those als…
Honored to meet this years @ SenateYouth delegates w/ @ VP Pence in the East Room of the @ WhiteHouse . Congratulations ! https : //t.co/yiHB4CLLUy https : //t.co/WJc3gh7whC
'U.S . Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade ' ➡️https : //t.co/S8nZgmeMMV https : //t.co/xC0piRa6eP
Despite what you hear in the press , healthcare is coming along great . We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture !
Great news . We are only just beginning . Together , we are going to # MAGA ! https : //t.co/BSp685Q9Qf https : //t.co/K7yeBZsf6r
Met with @ RepCummings today at the @ WhiteHouse . Great discussion !
LinkedIn Workforce Report : January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women 's Day , join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America & amp ; around the world .
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy .
I feel sure that my friend @ RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster !
Do n't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin . We are getting along great , and getting major things done !
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry . Pricing for the American people will come way down !
Do n't worry , getting rid of state lines , which will promote competition , will be in phase 2 & amp ; 3 of healthcare rollout . @ foxandfriends
For eight years Russia `` ran over '' President Obama , got stronger and stronger , picked-off Crimea and added missiles . Weak ! @ foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation . ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast !
122 vicious prisoners , released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo , have returned to the battlefield . Just another terrible decision !
Thank you to @ exxonmobil for your $ 20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing & amp ; construction jobs in the USA !
Buy American & amp ; hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda , which is : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! Thank you @ exxonmobil .
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we 're bringing back the JOBS ! https : //t.co/BNSLvKiEVj
45,000 construction & amp ; manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region . $ 20 billion investment . We are already winning again , America !
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program '
https : //t.co/adBzWhtq8S
Thank you for the great rallies all across the country . Tremendous support . Make America Great Again !
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President , `` Tell Vladimir that after the election I 'll have more flexibility ? '' @ foxandfriends
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked ? Can that be possible ?
Arnold Schwarzenegger is n't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice , he was fired by his bad ( pathetic ) ratings , not by me . Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process . This is Nixon/Watergate . Bad ( or sick ) guy !
I 'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October , just prior to Election !
Is it legal for a sitting President to be `` wire tapping '' a race for president prior to an election ? Turned down by court earlier . A NEW LOW !
Just out : The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times , and 4 times last year alone .
Terrible ! Just found out that Obama had my `` wires tapped '' in Trump Tower just before the victory . Nothing found . This is McCarthyism !
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs ... ...
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/kuQiZDz4rA
I hereby demand a second investigation , after Schumer , of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia , and lying about it . https : //t.co/qCDljfF3wN
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again . Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando . https : //t.co/OTJaHcvLzf
We should start an immediate investigation into @ SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin . A total hypocrite ! https : //t.co/Ik3yqjHzsA
Weekly Address
Join me here : https : //t.co/SEavQK5zy5 https : //t.co/EnyXYeqgcp
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet .
Nick Adams new book , Green Card Warrior , is a must read . The merit-based system is the way to go . Canada , Australia ! @ foxandfriends
... is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information . It is a total `` witch hunt ! ''
... to win . The Democrats are overplaying their hand . They lost the election , and now they have lost their grip on reality . The real story ...
... intentional . This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed ... ..
Jeff Sessions is an honest man . He did not say anything wrong . He could have stated his response more accurately , but it was clearly not ... .
Since November 8th , Election Day , the Stock Market has posted $ 3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high . Jobs !
THANK YOU !
# JointSession # MAGA🇺🇸
https : //t.co/RDO6Jt2pip
Join me live at 9:00 P.M .
# JointAddress https : //t.co/J882zbyVkJ https : //t.co/gTtK3vJmkU
I will be interviewed on @ foxandfriends at 6:00 A.M . Enjoy !
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems , in Trump era ( per NBC/WSJ poll ) via @ HotlineJosh :
https : //t.co/Soebxtg2Zd
Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American people . https : //t.co/s2NMVMvQq3
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House . Much to be discussed , including healthcare .
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems , and played up by the media , in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks !
For first time the failing @ nytimes will take an ad ( a bad one ) to help save its failing reputation . Try reporting accurately & amp ; fairly !
The race for DNC Chairman was , of course , totally `` rigged . '' Bernie 's guy , like Bernie himself , never had a chance . Clinton demanded Perez !
Congratulations to Thomas Perez , who has just been named Chairman of the DNC . I could not be happier for him , or for the Republican Party !
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents ' Association Dinner this year . Please wish everyone well and have a great evening !
Weekly Address from @ WhiteHouse : https : //t.co/uaoQSHBOQB https : //t.co/7eF6aC6kEC
Great optimism for future of U.S. business , AND JOBS , with the DOW having an 11th straight record close . Big tax & amp ; regulation cuts coming !
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $ 12 billion vs a $ 200 billion increase in Obama first mo .
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally . It would be the biggest of them all !
FAKE NEWS media knowingly does n't tell the truth . A great danger to our country . The failing @ nytimes has become a joke . Likewise @ CNN . Sad !
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic ' of human trafficking
https : //t.co/oDLZ2NdrtA
Going to CPAC !
find the leakers within the FBI itself . Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security `` leakers '' that have permeated our government for a long time . They ca n't even ... ...
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington . Looking forward to it !
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago . What is going on there - totally out of control . Chicago needs help !
'S & amp ; P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge ' https : //t.co/WtrRJVFmvU
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian 's National Museum of African American History and Culture ... A great job done by amazing people !
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison , in his fight to lead the DNC , is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win !
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually , in numerous cases , planned out by liberal activists . Sad !
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities ' https : //t.co/s5QvsJWA6u
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor , General H.R . McMaster . Video : https : //t.co/BKn9r225Kk https : //t.co/VBXcJ1b6Pv
Just named General H.R . McMaster National Security Advisor .
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully . NOT !
My statement as to what 's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @ FoxNews concerning immigrants & amp ; Sweden .
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House . Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne , Florida . A lot to talk about !
Do n't believe the main stream ( fake news ) media.The White House is running VERY WELL . I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it .
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow . Big crowd expected !
`` One of the most effective press conferences I 've ever seen ! '' says Rush Limbaugh . Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA calls it differently ! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media ( failing @ nytimes , @ NBCNews , @ ABC , @ CBS , @ CNN ) is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the American People !
Join me at 11:00am :
Watch here : https : //t.co/veqKmsGAwf https : //t.co/UzndIjIqjM
General Keith Kellogg , who I have known for a long time , is very much in play for NSA - as are three others .
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday . Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever . Fake media not happy !
Going to Charleston , South Carolina , in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs ! Look forward to it .
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price , the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast !
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule ' https : //t.co/yMfT5r5RGh
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election , and so badly ( 306 ) , so they made up a story - RUSSIA . Fake news !
FAKE NEWS media , which makes up stories and `` sources , '' is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast !
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers ! They will be caught !
Leaking , and even illegal classified leaking , has been a big problem in Washington for years . Failing @ nytimes ( and others ) must apologize !
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades . Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout !
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez , a political prisoner & amp ; husband of @ liliantintori ( just met w/ @ marcorubio ) out of prison immediately . https : //t.co/bt8Xhdo7al
Aetna CEO : Obamacare in 'Death Spiral ' # RepealAndReplace
https : //t.co/dmHL7xIEQv
Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport !
Tickets : https : //t.co/9jDy1tYkgE https : //t.co/GDhO6GGxwt
Welcome to the United States , @ IsraeliPM Benjamin & amp ; Sara !
# ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference :
https : //t.co/GN6ALWUusN https : //t.co/bH60nBL5FP
Great listening session with CEO 's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning ! https : //t.co/sy6xJcWfcF
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by `` intelligence '' like candy . Very un-American !
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration . Was Obama too soft on Russia ?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - `` The NSA & amp ; FBI ... should not interfere in our politics ... and is '' Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @ nytimes & amp ; @ washingtonpost by the intelligence community ( NSA and FBI ? ) .Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton 's losing campaign .
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred . @ MSNBC & amp ; @ CNN are unwatchable . @ foxandfriends is great !
Obamacare continues to fail . Humana to pull out in 2018 . Will repeal , replace & amp ; save healthcare for ALL Americans .
https : //t.co/glWEQ0lNR4
'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J . Resolution 41 '
https : //t.co/Q3MoCGAc54 https : //t.co/yGDDTKm9Br
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @ VP Pence & amp ; @ usedgov Secretary @ BetsyDeVos . Watch : https : //t.co/uPAvqmUmat https : //t.co/QJnq4SSXlq
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington ? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc ?
Congratulations to our new # VASecretary Dr. David Shulkin . Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect our country ! https : //t.co/Mit3wx3yae
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin ! # ICYMI- watch here : https : //t.co/RPsmw4yD7y https : //t.co/K8tWLlXiYK
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM @ JustinTrudeau and a group of leading CEO 's & amp ; business women from Canada🇨🇦and the United States🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Rxr31QpxMK
Welcome to the @ WhiteHouse Prime Minister @ JustinTrudeau ! https : //t.co/WKgF8Zo9ri
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce . https : //t.co/bFAHPRXHdP
Just leaving Florida . Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention . Very dishonest !
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows . Great job !
I know Mark Cuban well . He backed me big-time but I was n't interested in taking all of his calls.He 's not smart enough to run for president !
After two days of very productive talks , Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan . L
While on FAKE NEWS @ CNN , Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network . They said technical difficulties !
72 % of refugees admitted into U.S. ( 2/3 -2/11 ) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries : SYRIA , IRAQ , SOMALIA , IRAN , SUDAN , LIBYA & amp ; YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise . Gang members , drug dealers & amp ; others are being removed !
# ICYMI : Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea . https : //t.co/qEC87FKB1D
RT @ Scavino45 : LIVE Joint Statement by President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe : https : //t.co/c3Fe5cUaaS
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan , and his representatives , at the Winter White House ( Mar-a-Lago ) . Very good talks !
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and @ TheBig_Easy , Ernie Els , and had a great time . Japan is very well represented !
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka . To be abused and treated so badly by the media , and to still hold her head so high , is truly wonderful !
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States !
https : //t.co/Fvjsac89qS
https : //t.co/OupKmRRuTI https : //t.co/smGrnWakWQ
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach , Fla . They are a wonderful couple !
... design or negotiations yet . When I do , just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program , price will come WAY DOWN !
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought , but I have not gotten involved in the ... ..
Our legal system is broken ! `` 77 % of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries . '' ( WT ) SO DANGEROUS !
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on # MarineOne with Prime Minister Shinzō earlier today . https : //t.co/4JFhyYdeHO
The failing @ nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying `` Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14 . '' We spoke at length yesterday !
LAWFARE : `` Remarkably , in the entire opinion , the panel did not bother even to cite this ( the ) statute . '' A disgraceful decision !
SEE YOU IN COURT , THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE !
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General , @ SenatorSessions !
LIVE : https : //t.co/nZ0JJIqmk2 https : //t.co/0PEcB2B4Pf
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis ) , not a `` failure . '' Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again !
... long he does n't know how to win anymore , just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place . Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media . Only emboldens the enemy ! He 's been losing so ... .
Chris Cuomo , in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal , never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave `` service '' in Vietnam . FAKE NEWS !
Sen.Richard Blumenthal , who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had ( major lie ) , now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him ?
Congratulations to our new Attorney General , @ SenatorSessions ! https : //t.co/e0buP1K83z
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media '
https : //t.co/6LmsR5JOSW
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban '
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries ... https : //t.co/KWsIWhtC9o
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump 's Most Popular Orders So Far ' https : //t.co/wAelwuQ4BE
Thank you Brian Krzanich , CEO of @ Intel . A great investment ( $ 7 BILLION ) in American INNOVATION and JOBS ! # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 https : //t.co/76lAiSSQ1l
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas , while our people are far more vulnerable , as we wait for what should be EASY D !
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won ' https : //t.co/0dHld5kiVc
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @ Nordstrom . She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing ! Terrible !
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs & amp ; Sheriffs for your leadership & amp ; service . You have a true friend in the @ WhiteHouse . We support you ! https : //t.co/niwuK5rgXR
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible , dangerous and wrong decision ... ... .
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should , we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled . Politics !
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place , the longest such delay in the history of our country . Obstruction by Democrats !
An honor having the National Sheriffs ' Assoc . join me at the @ WhiteHouse . Incredible men & amp ; women who protect & amp ; serve 24/7/365 . THANK YOU ! ! https : //t.co/9EMTnH0OrF
I do n't know Putin , have no deals in Russia , and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran , # 1 in terror , no problem !
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real , just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East . Courts must act fast !
The failing @ nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win . Now they are worse !
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with @ oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 P.M . Enjoy ! https : //t.co/kZdHqaNTVR
The failing @ nytimes writes total fiction concerning me . They have gotten it wrong for two years , and now are making up stories & amp ; sources !
I call my own shots , largely based on an accumulation of data , and everyone knows it . Some FAKE NEWS media , in order to marginalize , lies !
Any negative polls are fake news , just like the CNN , ABC , NBC polls in the election . Sorry , people want border security and extreme vetting .
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots . Tom Brady , Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners . Wow !
Enjoy the # SuperBowl and then we continue : MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY . The courts are making the job very difficult !
Just can not believe a judge would put our country in such peril . If something happens blame him and court system . People pouring in . Bad !
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart . Bad people are very happy !
Interview with @ oreillyfactor on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. ( prior to Super Bowl ) . Enjoy !
Why are n't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston , which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision ?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge , many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country . A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone , even with bad intentions , can come into U.S. ?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election , the FAKE NEWS @ nytimes is still lost !
The opinion of this so-called judge , which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned !
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban . They know if certain people are allowed in it 's death & amp ; destruction !
When a country is no longer able to say who can , and who can not , come in & amp ; out , especially for reasons of safety & amp ; .security - big trouble !
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us !
We must keep `` evil '' out of our country !
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris . Tourists were locked down . France on edge again . GET SMART U.S .
Professional anarchists , thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning . Good jobs are coming back to U.S. , health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW !
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about . Very nice !
Iran is playing with fire - they do n't appreciate how `` kind '' President Obama was to them . Not me !
Yes , Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice ... but at least he tried hard !
Thank you , @ Samsung ! We would love to have you ! https : //t.co/r5nxC9oOA4
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal : $ 150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them !
Attending Chief Ryan Owens ' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor . To a great and brave man - thank you !
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State . He will be a star !
If U.C . Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS ?
Do you believe it ? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia . Why ? I will study this dumb deal !
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there . Obvious long ago !
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN . Call it what you want , it is about keeping bad people ( with bad intentions ) out of country !
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court . He is a good and brilliant man , respected by all .
Join me live from the @ WhiteHouse .
https : //t.co/LHOs4nAaGl
Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION ! 8:00 P.M .
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet ! They should be ashamed of themselves ! No wonder D.C. does n't work !
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work ( a mess ) -just like Dem party !
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons . They have nothing going but to obstruct . Now have an Obama A.G .
The American dream is back . We ’ re going to create an environment for small business like we haven ’ t had in many , many decades ! https : //t.co/ZuJNaN6z8b
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party ( the media ) when our jobs were fleeing our country ?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court . It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M . ( W.H . )
If the ban were announced with a one week notice , the `` bad '' would rush into our country during that week . A lot of bad `` dudes '' out there !
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country . This was a big part of my campaign . Study the world !
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer . Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems . MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN !
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning . Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage , ... ..
I will be interviewed by @ TheBrodyFile on @ CBNNews tonight at 11pm . Enjoy !
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting : https : //t.co/f6JO60I0Ul
... Senators should focus their energies on ISIS , illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III .
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & amp ; Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration . The two ...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers . We can not allow this horror to continue !
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting , NOW . Look what is happening all over Europe and , indeed , the world - a horrible mess !
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing @ nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity !
Today , we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger , 31 years later . # NeverForget https : //t.co/OhshQsFRfl
... dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course , and never will . DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the @ nytimes and the @ washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its ... ..
The failing @ nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning . Said I would lose the primaries , then the general election . FAKE NEWS !
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back . We will ALWAYS be with you ! https : //t.co/D0aOWhOH4X
Congratulations Secretary Mattis ! https : //t.co/mkuhbegzqS
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day : https : //t.co/KjU0MOxCHk
. @ VP Mike Pence will be speaking at today 's # MarchForLife -- You have our full support ! https : //t.co/1jb53SEGV4
The # MarchForLife is so important . To all of you marching -- - you have my full support !
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough . Massive trade deficits & amp ; little help on the very weak border must change , NOW !
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand . Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal . We must do better !
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy . Right decision . Strong ! https : //t.co/MtPvaDC4jM
Will be interviewed by @ SeanHannity on @ FoxNews at 10:00pm tonight . Enjoy !
Spoke at the Congressional @ GOP Retreat in Philadelphia , PA. this afternoon w/ @ VP , @ SenateMajLdr , @ SpeakerRyan . Thank you for your support ! https : //t.co/DEv2DnksDc
of jobs and companies lost . If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall , then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting .
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico . It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers ...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning , who should never have been released from prison , is now calling President Obama a weak leader . Terrible !
Interview with David Muir of @ ABC News in 10 minutes . Enjoy !
`` @ romoabcnews : . @ DavidMuir first @ POTUS interview since taking office . Tonight on @ ABCWorldNews @ ABC2020 tonight . https : //t.co/I4Vz1mRdBK ''
As your President , I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people . https : //t.co/o7YNUNwb8f
Beginning today , the United States of America gets back control of its borders . Full speech from today @ DHSgov : https : //t.co/CXn2u87Vv6 https : //t.co/48iZam5Fai
I will be interviewed by @ DavidMuir tonight at 10 o'clock on @ ABC . Will be my first interview from the White House . Enjoy ! https : //t.co/okiZ8ZeDgz
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you !
even , those registered to vote who are dead ( and many for a long time ) . Depending on results , we will strengthen up voting procedures !
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD , including those registered to vote in two states , those who are illegal and ... .
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow . Among many other things , we will build the wall !
If Chicago does n't fix the horrible `` carnage '' going on , 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings ( up 24 % from 2016 ) , I will send in the Feds !
Congratulations to @ FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings . They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @ CNN - public is smart !
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the @ WhiteHouse today . https : //t.co/T0eIgO6LP8
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office . https : //t.co/OErGmbBvYK
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @ WhiteHouse this morning . Together , we will # MAGA ! https : //t.co/OXdiLOkGsZ
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall . Thank you Abbas ! https : //t.co/Uzp0ivvRp0
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America . I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here !
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security . Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America .
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy . Even if I do n't always agree , I recognize the rights of people to express their views .
Wow , television ratings just out : 31 million people watched the Inauguration , 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago !
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election ! Why did n't these people vote ? Celebs hurt cause badly .
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday , packed house , paid great respect to Wall , long standing ovations , amazing people . WIN !
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Do not allow anyone to tell you that it can not be done . No challenge can match the HEART and FIGHT and SPIRIT of America . `` …
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @ FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech !
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington , D.C . TOGETHER , we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN🇺🇸 https : //t.co/V3aoj9RUh4
TO ALL AMERICANS🇺🇸
https : //t.co/D7Es6ie4fY
So to all Americans , in every city near and far , small and large , from mountain to mountain ... https : //t.co/cZKkrGXLSi
It is time to remember that ... https : //t.co/ZKyOiOor62
We will follow two simple rules : BUY AMERICAN & amp ; HIRE AMERICAN !
# InaugurationDay # MAGA🇺🇸
We will bring back our jobs . We will bring back our borders . We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams !
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer . From this moment on , it ’ s going to be # AmericaFirst🇺🇸
January 20th 2017 , will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again .
What truly matters is not which party controls our government , but whether our government is controlled by the people .
power from Washington , D.C. and giving it back to you , the American People . # InaugurationDay
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another , or from one party to another – but we are transferring ...
It all begins today ! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in . THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS !
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington , D.C. # Inauguration https : //t.co/a6xpFQTHj5
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/5d774OCx5o
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family !
# Inauguration2017 https : //t.co/GQeQpJOgWz
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial . Enjoy !
On my way ! # Inauguration2017 https : //t.co/hOuMbxGnpe
the American people . I have no doubt that we will , together , MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Getting ready to leave for Washington , D.C . The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
`` It was n't Donald Trump that divided this country , this country has been divided for a long time ! '' Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham .
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service . It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. # Heroes https : //t.co/YEkyhJ8B5C https : //t.co/wFXlWQ0XRr
Great seeing @ TheLeeGreenwood and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner ! # GodBlessTheUSA https : //t.co/SxVmaWvOFT
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush , both hospitalized . Thank you for your wonderful letter !
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House , Mar-a-Lago , three weeks ago . Looking forward to Friday . # Inauguration https : //t.co/S701FdTCQu
. @ TheAlabamaBand was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world . Thanks Alabama !
No wonder the Today Show on biased @ NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past . Little credibility !
`` Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump , the latest in a string ... '' @ WSJ
to the U.S. , but had nothing to do with TRUMP , is more FAKE NEWS . Ask top CEO 's of those companies for real facts . Came back because of me !
Totally biased @ NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford , G.M. , Lockheed & amp ; others that jobs are coming back ...
Will be interviewed by @ ainsleyearhardt on @ foxandfriends - Enjoy !
RT @ EricTrump : Thank you to @ GolfDigest for this incredible feature ! `` Golfer-in-Chief '' @ RealDonaldTrump https : //t.co/vpdY4jNbI4 https : //t.c…
RT @ MoskowitzEva : . @ BetsyDeVos has the talent , commitment , and leadership capacity to revitalize our public schools and deliver the promise…
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S. !
`` How Trump Won -- And How The Media Missed It '' https : //t.co/Hfab41h65X
`` thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush 's swearing-in ... .he does n't believe Bush is the true elected president . '' Sound familiar ! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration , `` It will be the first one that I 've missed . '' WRONG ( or lie ) ! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he ...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more , I believe the people are seeing `` big stuff . ''
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. ( even before taking office ) , with all of the new auto plants coming back into our ... ..
The same people who did the phony election polls , and were so wrong , are now doing approval rating polls . They are rigged just like before .
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers . Bikers for Trump are on their way . It will be a great Thursday , Friday and Saturday !
`` @ drgoodspine : @ realDonaldTrump @ Ivanka Trump is great , a woman with real character and class . ''
At 9:00 P.M. @ CNN , of all places , is doing a Special Report on my daughter , Ivanka . Considering it is CNN , ca n't imagine it will be great !
`` @ levisteveholt : @ realDonaldTrump I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency . '' Very dishonest media !
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for . Honor him for being the great man that he was !
much worse - just look at Syria ( red line ) , Crimea , Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes . Not good ! Was this the leaker of Fake News ?
. @ FoxNews `` Outgoing CIA Chief , John Brennan , blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat . Does not fully understand . '' Oh really , could n't do ...
. @ NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC . Not funny , cast is terrible , always a complete hit job . Really bad television !
about that ... Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here , & amp ; when people make mistakes , they should APOLOGIZE . '' Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said , `` That is a garbage document ... it never should have been presented ... Trump 's right to be upset ( angry ) ...
For many years our country has been divided , angry and untrusting . Many say it will never change , the hatred is too deep . IT WILL CHANGE ! ! ! !
will only get higher . Car companies and others , if they want to do business in our country , have to start making things here again . WIN !
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me . With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation , that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected . January 20th , Washington D.C. Have fun !
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S . I can use all the help I can get !
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS `` A COMPLETE FRAUD ! '' @ OANN
mention crime infested ) rather than falsely complaining about the election results . All talk , talk , talk - no action or results . Sad !
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district , which is in horrible shape and falling apart ( not to ... ...
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero , Detective Steven McDonald . Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support .
The `` Unaffordable '' Care Act will soon be history !
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell . They were VERY nice to her . She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm !
What are Hillary Clinton 's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I . Based on the information they had she should never ... ..
released by `` Intelligence '' even knowing there is no proof , and never will be . My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days !
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives , both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS ! Russia says nothing exists . Probably ...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued ... .
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job . I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts , not mine !
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to # RepealObamacare- now it 's onto the House !
. @ CNN is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone !
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage . People will support you even more now . Buy L.L.Bean . @ LBPerfectMaine
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated . Made up , phony facts.Too bad !
`` @ zhu_amy3 : @ realDonaldTrump It 's Morning in America again ! ! ! ☀️☀️☀️Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump ! ! ! So proud of you ! ! ! ! '' THANKS !
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today . A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what 's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to `` leak '' into the public . One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany ?
I win an election easily , a great `` movement '' is verified , and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS . A sorry state !
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me . I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS , NO LOANS , NO NOTHING !
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is `` A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION , UTTER NONSENSE . '' Very unfair !
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims ' # FakeNews
https : //t.co/d6daCFZHNh
RT @ MichaelCohen212 : I have never been to Prague in my life . # fakenews https : //t.co/CMil9Rha3D
FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT !
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High '
https : //t.co/MhbABREhzt https : //t.co/CWAvJ4fRdx
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election ' https : //t.co/WjBaTp824U
'U.S . Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980 '
https : //t.co/X22x1BttdG
Thank you to all of the men and women who protect & amp ; serve our communities 24/7/365 !
# LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
https : //t.co/xdPIKbvfzj https : //t.co/ySRNaF9Nvz
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan . https : //t.co/8kvQ1PzPAf
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico . Thank you Ford & amp ; Fiat C !
It 's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $ 1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants , adding 2000 jobs . This after ...
`` groveling '' when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad . Just more very dishonest media !
Hillary flunky who lost big . For the 100th time , I never `` mocked '' a disabled reporter ( would never do that ) but simply showed him ... ... .
Meryl Streep , one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood , does n't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes . She is a ... ..
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer !
Dishonest media says Mexico wo n't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly . Media is fake !
Before I , or anyone , saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report , it was leaked out to @ NBCNews . So serious !
RT @ MeetThePress : Watch our interview with @ KellyannePolls : Russia `` did not succeed '' in attempts to sway election https : //t.co/EZhgUIUbYx # …
Kellyanne Conway went to @ MeetThePress this morning for an interview with @ chucktodd . Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes . Terrible !
`` @ FoxNews : `` We certainly don ’ t want intelligence interfering with politics and we don ’ t want politics interfe… https : //t.co/bwDjEg1d7S ''
`` @ KellyannePolls : Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush .
https : //t.co/I1K4nj1gVu '' Very nice !
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring . Britain , a longtime U.S. ally , is very special !
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair . Jane is a loyal Trump supporter & amp ; star
both countries will , perhaps , work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD !
have enough problems around the world without yet another one . When I am President , Russia will respect us far more than they do now and ... .
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing , not a bad thing . Only `` stupid '' people , or fools , would think that it is bad ! We ... ..
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed !
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results . Voting machines not touched !
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense !
Happy Birthday @ EricTrump !
https : //t.co/bJaEY7qFSn
Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida . Just spoke to Governor Scott . Thoughts and prayers for all . Stay safe !
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it .
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast & amp ; Steven Newhouse , a friend . Will go this AM .
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14 . Now compare him to my season 1 . But who cares , he supported Kasich & amp ; Hillary
. @ kimguilfoyle breaks down the Bill Cosby guilty verdict and what happens next . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/6PS51PDebd
Oklahoma House passes 'Constitutional Carry ' gun bill https : //t.co/7BBzglS9AK
Arizona Congresswoman-elect @ DebbieLesko on Democratic criticism : `` The bottom line is I won . '' https : //t.co/Wfn6B9lkyN
JUST IN : Recovered Strzok-Page text messages have been delivered to congressional committees . https : //t.co/9AToXE0MLW
. @ kanyewest let @ johnlegend know he means business when he says he supports President @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/FdfzY9EPHQ https : //t.co/48dF7ZShbl
. @ Jehmu on the Cosby verdict : `` I think it 's a good day for victims '' # Cavuto https : //t.co/xtjXjTMimR
Otto Warmbier 's parents sue North Korea for torturing and murdering their son . https : //t.co/eNpxitg1gQ
. @ chancetherapper on @ realDonaldTrump- @ kanyewest friendship : 'Black people do n't have to be democrats ' https : //t.co/zD0T59F1DU https : //t.co/w4nZhL9PJ5
. @ RepKinzinger : `` We ca n't understate how important this moment is with North Korea . '' # Cavuto https : //t.co/AHmy4L9U5s
In an interview on @ foxandfriends , @ POTUS wished @ FLOTUS a happy birthday . https : //t.co/TWZPWX2Gdj
On @ foxandfriends , President @ realDonaldTrump criticized former FBI Director James Comey , saying he is `` guilty of crimes . '' https : //t.co/2gGJB2FofM https : //t.co/2fu8ZJyAqK
Moments ago , @ PressSec Sarah Sanders released photos of just-confirmed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo meeting Kim Jong Un . https : //t.co/dgFAceduL2 https : //t.co/0r9azWbfoK
Former prosecutor explains why this Bill Cosby sexual assault retrial turned out differently : https : //t.co/WIpEIuNYRa
DA Kevin Steele on Bill Cosby 's courtroom outburst : `` You got to see a brief view of who he was . '' https : //t.co/CO0vmKM1Eh
RIGHT NOW : Bill Cosby arrives home after guilty verdict . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/INtXb8sIDY
This new court sketch depicts the Bill Cosby verdict in a Pennsylvania courthouse today . Cosby was found guilty of sexual assault . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/NSDdMF0c8M
Moments after comedian Bill Cosby was found guilty of sexual assault , his attorney Tom Mesereau denounced the verdict . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/RVV7zhZm7T
`` We are very disappointed by the verdict . We do n't think Mr. Cosby 's guilty of anything , and the fight is not over . ''

Comedian Bill Cosby 's attorney vows to `` strongly '' appeal after his client was found guilty on three charges of sexual assault . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/3bsh8cuv8U
Montgomery County prosecutors hold a news conference after Bill Cosby was found guilty of sexual assault . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/xBVlMSdSfg
. @ kimguilfoyle : `` Expect that [ Bill Cosby ] will in fact appeal this case . '' https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/TaNkkpoFX3
TONIGHT : Do n't miss @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey on # SpecialReport at 6p ET . https : //t.co/SNggow7xxt https : //t.co/o4MzmJvfap
Bill Cosby lashes out in profane rant after being found guilty of drugging , assaulting woman in 2004
https : //t.co/6cZE6oRS7A
`` It is a victory for all sexual assault survivors . ''

Bill Cosby accusers made remarks shortly after the comedian was found guilty of sexual assault . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/jKXRicQjXS
. @ ShepNewsTeam : Bill Cosby 's passport has been removed . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/oiYzo6IkV7
Bill Cosby exits the courthouse after being found guilty on 3 sexual assault charges . https : //t.co/exrFTK5rxq
Cosby attorney : The fight is not over . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/Khdkh95GbP
. @ GloriaAllred : `` They took the risks so that their truth could be known , so that their truth could be believed , and , yes , the # MeToo movement has arrived and is well and is living in Montgomery County , throughout this nation , and throughout this world . '' https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/mhj5kcLxqj
. @ GloriaAllred : `` It 's been a very long journey but this an her-storic result . This was her-story . Not his-story , not history , but the story of Her . '' https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/etJ9lobWsb
. @ GloriaAllred : `` The jury in this second criminal trial found that they believed women . '' https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/AHyL7kDED4
. @ GloriaAllred : `` After all is said and done , women were finally believed . '' https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/rPhpP8Gx10
. @ GloriaAllred : `` We 're very , very happy and proud of this result . Beginning in late 2014 , the accusers of Mr. Cosby who I represented began to speak out . It took a great deal of courage . '' https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/VVGGwZVkmh
Judge in Michael Cohen case allows 'special master ' to review seized files , Stormy enters fray- via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/ZhSQOh6Ic8
News conference outside courtroom where Bill Cosby has been found guilty on all 3 counts of sexual assault charges . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/82nItWHx4y
Outside courthouse where Bill Cosby has just been found guilty . For full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/oDieAvSsDc
. @ kaplanli details Bill Cosby 's outburst in the courtroom . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/t6gdko944Y
Bill Cosby , just found guilty , faces up to 30 years in prison . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/j9sDkPhNpa
Bill Cosby , moments after being found guilty . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/dWxhU6pgWF
Andrea Constand leaves the courtroom after Bill Cosby found guilty . https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/MHAp2SiFVt
Cosby guilty : Jury rules comedian sexually assaulted Andrea Constand https : //t.co/mrnwbF60br
Cosby guilty : Jury rules comedian sexually assaulted Andrea Constand https : //t.co/jn84ydmy9k https : //t.co/8TLK58Y9gn
BREAKING NEWS : Bill Cosby found guilty in sexual assault trial . https : //t.co/nDuzWkm0Dt
BREAKING NEWS : Bill Cosby found guilty on all 3 counts . https : //t.co/tuAQmvVLY8
BREAKING NEWS : Jury has reached verdict in Bill Cosby trial - for full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/Pj7ZVYv8r6
Michigan Restaurant Owner Refuses to Take Down Flags Honoring Fallen Officers https : //t.co/voWOs57FQ8
JUST IN : Jury reaches verdict in Cosby sexual assault trial https : //t.co/wJeKC8ImUo
Mike Pompeo picked as Trump 's new secretary of state : What to know about him https : //t.co/AfBXeY6sMv
. @ JerryMoran : `` It 's difficult to make a decision what the truth is when you have somebody with allegations but no person who 's saying under oath or even publicly , 'This is what I saw and this is the problem with this nominee . ' '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/CvUNPRbhM8
BREAKING NEWS : Senate confirms Mike Pompeo as secretary of state in 57-42 vote https : //t.co/8fRaf4pqGk
. @ SenWarren : `` Mike Pompeo 's completely unfit to serve as America 's chief diplomat . '' https : //t.co/zD1Ugp5agM
On @ foxandfriends , @ TomiLahren called for `` merit-based immigration '' in reaction to a report that a caravan of asylum-seeking migrants reached the U.S. border . https : //t.co/vKLBMyzjAT https : //t.co/T7lHYzgo67
BREAKING NEWS : Senate has votes to confirm Mike Pompeo . https : //t.co/rFYH4i2UVY
RT @ FoxBusiness : State average for regular gas above $ 3 per gallon : https : //t.co/woDjW902UP
RT @ FoxBusiness : Gas national average : https : //t.co/0TJh3pRPB4
RT @ FoxBusiness : Can the WWE change Saudi Arabia 's views on women ? https : //t.co/t4PfIcsI1e
. @ KatiePavlich : `` President Obama 's @ EPA administrator spent just as much money as travel and other items as @ EPAScottPruitt did . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/50GIhkJzlX
Here come the socialists : 'Comrades ' seeking office in 2018 take cue from Sanders https : //t.co/bdCwrbtw5V
Fox News Poll : Likelihood that ... Trump will fire Mueller . https : //t.co/VfTLzRNykJ
U.S. Senate holds a vote to confirm Mike Pompeo as secretary of state . https : //t.co/ce0eKZdmRi
Fox News Poll : Important investigations continue into Trump campaign and Russian government ? https : //t.co/A0BcX82SW2
. @ dagenmcdowell : `` [ @ Comey 's ] auditioning for a prime-time gig on @ MSNBC for Pete 's sake . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/eBN99T5G5t
BREAKING NEWS : Explosion at Wisconsin oil refinery results in at least 20 casualties , report says https : //t.co/SNrtCvZeEf
. @ chancetherapper on @ realDonaldTrump- @ kanyewest friendship : 'Black people do n't have to be democrats ' https : //t.co/zD0T59F1DU https : //t.co/nrmHKcVH0w
. @ CLewandowski_ : `` [ Dr. Ronny Jackson ] is an individual who President Obama gave the highest recommendations for and the highest praise for . Where were the critics at that time ? '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/Xq9ejRzqvN
. @ gen_jackkeane : `` @ POTUS is right when he talks about previous administrations did not accomplish what they should have . '' https : //t.co/I7xaSwGCPU
MUST SEE : Tune in to @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey , tonight at 6p ET on Fox News Channel . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/SNggow7xxt https : //t.co/TqwCCQv7nH
MOMENTS AGO : Michael Cohen arrives for hearing on seized documents ; @ lauraingle reports . https : //t.co/hTIfiQFGfq
BREAKING NEWS : President @ realDonaldTrump to visit United Kingdom in July . https : //t.co/3q67Zx5IEj
Embattled MSNBC star Joy Reid fat-shamed 'chubbed-out shrew ' Rosie O'Donnell amid feud with Trump , report says https : //t.co/Wa9TS6NOMS
Speaker Paul Ryan holds his weekly news conference . https : //t.co/CxKIMWqeBd
. @ CoryGardner : `` We 're going to find out today whether people care more about the politics of sabotage than they do their Article II responsibilities . '' https : //t.co/uKRcyTTO1D
. @ POTUS : `` I think @ jontester has to have a big price to pay in Montana . '' https : //t.co/2gGJB2FofM https : //t.co/KiQ1i8HBtR
`` My pledge to you , our noble warriors , is that my administration will support you and your loved ones and your amazing families every single day . ''

WATCH : @ POTUS 's remarks to Wounded Warriors - Part 2. https : //t.co/bnavOTU8rP
`` There is no more important job than supporting the warriors who have fought and bled to keep us free . ''

WATCH : @ POTUS 's remarks to Wounded Warriors - Part 1. https : //t.co/2IoBKB1sRO
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ POTUS : `` We 're going to fight that opioid situation harder than anyone 's fought it before . '' https : //t.co/c5bPoa3691
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ POTUS : `` We are fighting to reform the VA. '' https : //t.co/v7LCn1m4hg
. @ POTUS : `` My pledge to you , our noble warriors , is that my administration will support you and your loved ones and your amazing families every single day . '' https : //t.co/bMeUIcXc0o
. @ POTUS : `` We must always protect those who protect us . The heroes in this room today come from every background and every single walk of life . '' https : //t.co/ydxjjCykmi
. @ POTUS : `` There is no more important job than supporting the warriors who have fought and bled to keep us free . '' https : //t.co/u84poQWYmK
. @ POTUS : `` These are amazing people - the military spouses and families . '' https : //t.co/c6cLbYiBIK
. @ POTUS : `` A nation is sustained through the service and sacrifice of patriots . Each of you is part of the long unbroken chain of courageous Americans who have answered the call in every generation . '' https : //t.co/v8RNhvvktO
. @ EPAScottPruitt : `` I have nothing to hide as it relates to how I 've run the agency for the last 16 months . '' https : //t.co/GPtjcPno2a
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS host the Wounded Warrior Project Soldier Ride at the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/h2w0Yiz7MM
STARTING NOW : @ POTUS welcomes wounded veterans to the @ WhiteHouse - Fox News has full coverage right now . https : //t.co/6sizVo2JmQ
Rep. @ NancyPelosi holds her weekly news conference . https : //t.co/Ec59Yf8tkQ
In an interview on @ foxandfriends , @ POTUS wished @ FLOTUS a happy birthday . https : //t.co/xskpvauacA
Top # NFLDraft prospect 's use of racial slur could doom him -- and 5 other stories to watch ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/klWj6szWa8
Golden State Killer murder suspect threatened to ‘ deliver load of death ’ to a barking dog , neighbor says https : //t.co/LqC1T3Bqjs
. @ secnielsen testifies before the House Homeland Security Committee on `` Strengthening the Safety and Security of Our Nation . '' https : //t.co/V3vsf9yHYn
Prince Harry asks big brother Prince William to be his best man at wedding to Meghan Markle https : //t.co/XtKCsGbHy7
. @ EPAScottPruitt testifies on Capitol Hill . https : //t.co/rKmu7ZWzAM
Arizona schools close as thousands of teachers protest for more pay , school resources https : //t.co/7fREfYd5Ts
`` Happy birthday to Melania ! ''

@ POTUS wishes @ FLOTUS a happy birthday on @ foxandfriends . https : //t.co/s7hsrbS9wE
It 's the interview America 's been waiting for -- Former FBI Director James @ Comey sits down with @ BretBaier on Fox News Channel , tonight at 6p ET . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/SNggowp8p1 https : //t.co/268UXBImyN
. @ POTUS on North Korea summit : “ We ’ re doing very well with North Korea. ” @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/QBX05Eiw76
. @ POTUS on @ foxandfriends : “ The economy is so strong and jobs are so good. ” https : //t.co/cWsK1QbBO8
. @ POTUS on Kanye West : “ Kanye looks and he sees black unemployment at the lowest it ’ s been in the history of our country…He sees that stuff and he ’ s smart. ” @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/TNvp5AHRPm
`` He 's a good guy . ''

@ POTUS weighs in on Michael Cohen on @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/27Slz5orlr
. @ POTUS on @ foxandfriends : “ We have accomplished more than any president in the first year by far if you look at regulations and the big tax cuts . '' https : //t.co/A5KKr3SZuv
. @ POTUS on @ foxandfriends : “ There ’ s no collusion with me and the Russians . Nobody ’ s been tougher to Russia than I am. ” https : //t.co/2gGJB2FofM https : //t.co/89qLDqmymY
. @ POTUS on @ foxandfriends : “ Comey is a leaker and he ’ s a liar. ” https : //t.co/2gGJB2FofM https : //t.co/hu8jU4CI3Q
. @ POTUS on Ronny Jackson withdrawing as nominee for VA secretary @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/PvljihV7ig https : //t.co/s9JEbvR0Hx
Exclusive : @ POTUS tells @ foxandfriends that allegations against Dr. Ronny Jackson are “ false , ” as the Veterans Affairs secretary nominee withdraws from consideration . https : //t.co/UggPye31NM
. @ POTUS on @ foxandfriends : “ We have great people in the Republican party. ” https : //t.co/4xbjcigNoK
. @ POTUS on @ EmmanuelMacron : “ He is viewing , I believe , Iran a lot differently than he did before he walked into the Oval Office. ” @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/qweQgs0Tff
. @ POTUS on @ foxandfriends : “ Happy birthday to Melania. ” https : //t.co/79SxKDLWue
Breaking News : Dr. Ronny Jackson withdraws name from VA nomination https : //t.co/PvljiicIGQ https : //t.co/QjRyuaX0tM
Melania Trump 's white hat earns plenty of praise despite online critics https : //t.co/MCS7TU143H
OPINION : @ judgenap : How did Trump get authorization to bomb Syria ? https : //t.co/yoKaznQo6G
. @ CLewandowski_ on @ foxandfriends : “ There has been no accountability for Jim Comey whatsoever. ” https : //t.co/uR0TEpOtDK https : //t.co/wNuqEMkdz9
RT @ foxandfriends : It ’ s the interview you do n't want to miss – President @ realDonaldTrump joins us LIVE at 8am/ET https : //t.co/UGAVLZxzpS
. @ Jim_Jordan on James Comey : A leak ’ s a leak . A leak is when you take information and give it to the press . @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/513w0TsD8F
. @ JakeWoodTR on @ foxandfriends : “ As a military man or woman is transitioning out of the military , they need to replace that sense of purpose that the military gave them. ” https : //t.co/ILHpRPECmP
. @ JakeWoodTR on @ foxandfriends : “ That ’ s what the Marine Corps trained me to do , work in tough situations. ” https : //t.co/LNWj8J3UVH
North Carolina transgender inmate suing prison over right to practice witchcraft https : //t.co/bwFI7rcVZp
Annafi Wahed : `` Most of my liberal friends are very well-intentioned , but their comments are so arrogant , so elitist , and it 's a symptom of a much larger problem . '' https : //t.co/90VfvUeFNW
NATIONWIDE MANHUNT : Suspect shot and killed a Maine officer after stealing his car , robbing store https : //t.co/x7iDKJ6Hga https : //t.co/Bk1jbipzbf
Morgan Freeman 's step-granddaughter spoke about 'grandpa feelings ' before her murder , text messages reveal https : //t.co/5CNpYodKtb
Dramatic video shows bystanders try to save boy stuck underwater for 9 minutes https : //t.co/UunIbDRj6q
. @ chancetherapper on Trump-Kanye friendship : 'Black people do n't have to be democrats ' https : //t.co/uQWFUsOfs8
GOP 's SALT cap may speed exodus from high-tax states , report says https : //t.co/95bc1MX2b1
'Cry Closet ' may help Utah students overcome stress of final exams https : //t.co/nF8vBL7NY0
TUNE IN : @ POTUS joins @ foxandfriends for an exclusive interview this morning at 8a ET ! https : //t.co/5mZEqhfPLo https : //t.co/5cu4Uk3ao0
. @ DiamondandSilk to testify before Congress today https : //t.co/H8qjs28q64
Camilla Parker Bowles ' affair with Prince Charles examined in shocking documentary https : //t.co/nSe9bqFxMF
. @ RLHeinrichs : `` President @ realDonaldTrump is really on a mission to undo a lot of the damage that President @ BarackObama did , and he has met with quite a bit of success so far , even in the small amount of time he 's been in office . '' https : //t.co/xyr5OzroNI
. @ usairforce successfully tests ICBM in California https : //t.co/k5xpceooUU
. @ HillaryClinton 's email list , voter data , campaign software costing Democrats millions , report says https : //t.co/twhce8CPxG
. @ KristinBTate on Calexit : `` This is just a major tantrum by anti-Trump liberals who are mad that they are not seeing their views reflected in Washington , D.C . today . '' https : //t.co/UyUBheOuj2 https : //t.co/TgHyOGqFxN
Tina Brown wants no part of Charlie Rose 's # MeToo redemption series https : //t.co/bxe6GUVUBw
# Trump 's dream ? Join immortals on Mount Rushmore , lawmaker says https : //t.co/e9l6zYdGCA
Cops hailed for keeping calm as ex-Clinton fundraiser ranted https : //t.co/z29h9OqNBB
`` I 'm not going to let [ fallen officers ] be forgotten . I 'm going to do my part . ''

Restaurant owner Johnny Brann refuses to take down pro-police flags after he was fined . https : //t.co/FfgTAAZb5S
Mike Pompeo expected to win full confirmation for secretary of state https : //t.co/ilt8CDCUFl
Alfie Evans ' parents lose attempt to overturn ruling that barred terminally ill British boy from traveling to Rome https : //t.co/Gu4EOuWolG
. @ kanyewest criticizes # Obama , praises # Trump during Twitter rant https : //t.co/Rlz63J4JOu https : //t.co/BqcWUqVjjP
U.S . Marshals crack down on MS-13 , gangs https : //t.co/xbzCNR4H8H
`` STRONGER THAN AN OX '' : Former President George H.W . Bush out of intensive care https : //t.co/4aWr2ajLi8 https : //t.co/m3eTzodYBM
Golden State Killer suspect arrested in California https : //t.co/IYMoCkcKAO https : //t.co/SV5aMkLXIz
John Cena says he still loves ex-fiancee Nikki Bella https : //t.co/usxwMCHEH6
Former @ WhiteHouse Press Secretary @ seanspicer unveiled the wax figure of @ FLOTUS Melania Trump , who stands next to a wax figure of her husband President @ realDonaldTrump , at Madame Tussauds in New York City . https : //t.co/Z7fUjWCQpU
NATIONWIDE MANHUNT : Suspect shot and killed a Maine officer after stealing his car , robbing store https : //t.co/x7iDKJ6Hga https : //t.co/HYNabbARIn
US military deaths in Niger attributed to complacency , lack of training , culture of excessive risk : report https : //t.co/HONPybUGOl
Roy Hawthorne Sr. , a Navajo Code Talker who used his native language to confound the Japanese in World War II , died Saturday at the age of 92. https : //t.co/IA7vE5Xdtb
INCREDIBLE : This @ LAPDHQ police officer makes a court-length shot with his back facing the basket . https : //t.co/8K0Bt2vSXr
Michael Pillsbury : `` [ President @ realDonaldTrump 's ] a master negotiator . '' https : //t.co/cUkKeHtR30
Walmart customer in Kentucky uses store intercom to ask for help , goes viral https : //t.co/2uCZ8gmyRk
. @ JesseBWatters : `` There have been people from some of these countries that have done harm to Americans - the guy on the Ohio State campus , he was from Somalia and rammed 11 people with his car . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/GSP5NJF46Q
U.S. veteran William Barr , 94 , was awarded with the French Legion of Honor Tuesday by French President @ EmmanuelMacron for his service in WWII . Barr served in the Battle of the Bulge and fought across France and into Germany . https : //t.co/VmuyrZXQhA
. @ PressSec : `` The focus of this travel ban has been on safety and security . '' https : //t.co/FSsXuQrkQX
In a tweet-storm assailing `` traditional thinkers '' and praising `` free thinkers , '' music icon @ kanyewest stated that he loves President @ realDonaldTrump and considers him his brother . https : //t.co/RO4XDfAEVg https : //t.co/wVfmV5pp0v
. @ michellemalkin on @ foxandfriends : “ It has to be comprehensive immigration enforcement reform that we adopt. ” https : //t.co/qXIiqp1LEZ
Fox News Poll : President @ realDonaldTrump 's approval at 44 percent https : //t.co/y7BGom6JH9 # SpecialReport https : //t.co/GBus1tFcWB
A little pony had a big adventure when it escaped from its Florida pasture . https : //t.co/CCqj2obGxw
Justice Alito : `` It does not look at all like a 'Muslim ban . ' There are other justifications that jump out as to why these particular countries were put on the list . '' https : //t.co/SlGFfUJH5c https : //t.co/uXEjJuuvyr
. @ PressSec : `` Washington has become so broken that they focus so much on destroying people . '' https : //t.co/xX2DuzA1yo
'Adversaries ' jamming @ usairforce gunships in Syria , Special Ops general says https : //t.co/D65ysRINMQ
. @ seanhannity on @ kanyewest tweets about @ POTUS : `` It is a new political landscape in America . '' https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/wAjt3n1AsK
. @ BillClinton 'casually encouraged ' @ realDonaldTrump to run for president before 2016 race : book https : //t.co/hwBvGlexpd
. @ kimguilfoyle breaks down the @ kanyewest/ @ realDonaldTrump saga . https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/bxmw6elrMo
A 10-foot gator “ literally stopped traffic '' as it took a stroll near a middle school . One witness , a woman originally from New York , said the experience made her a true Floridian . https : //t.co/tc8ntHFxyS https : //t.co/XTVrVTHSRf
. @ Judgenap : `` The government says that Congress has given @ POTUS the ability to suspend immigration from any country that he finds where the persons coming into the country are more likely than not to be dangerous . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/mTCleYOrc7
On @ foxandfriends , @ TomiLahren called for `` merit-based immigration '' in reaction to a report that a caravan of asylum-seeking migrants reached the U.S. border . https : //t.co/vKLBMyzjAT https : //t.co/AOhUP3R6Fm
SPOTTED : A young giraffe made a break for it after escaping from an Indiana zoo . https : //t.co/FdH7qV96nd
Judge rules New York City bar can refuse service to # Trump supporter wearing # MAGA hat https : //t.co/n4eOn72u0c
. @ dbongino on 2018 midterms : `` If this turns out to be a blue puddle rather than a blue tidal wave , [ Democrats ] are in a lot of trouble [ because ] they 're solely invested in impeachment , and they ca n't do it without taking the House . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/iu3VuVnC32
During a Twitter storm Wednesday , rapper @ kanyewest called out @ BarackObama amid several pro- @ realDonaldTrump tweets . https : //t.co/9VUtrSBEQm https : //t.co/1S1Q5PtZAD
. @ Judgenap : `` There are a lot of theories as to why [ @ HillaryClinton ] lost , one of which she will never accept , which is that she was a flawed candidate . '' https : //t.co/evyV774xxm
Student confronts @ NancyPelosi over 'crumbs ' comment https : //t.co/OxpvPXUyHk
. @ kayleighmcenany : “ The # Trump economy is about empowering the American taxpayer. ” https : //t.co/7i3Glfjqn0
Sorority grants World War II vet 's final wish to dance with a beautiful woman https : //t.co/zmHXwV9IaO
. @ RandPaul : `` I sincerely am trying to end these wars . I 'm trying to get them over - and I 'll do what it takes . '' https : //t.co/7hkeY16lON
. @ NRA breaks 15-year fundraising record , according to filings https : //t.co/9XnSgKLVVp
. @ JesseBWatters on Kanye/Trump : `` I think you ca n't underestimate what 's going on here culturally and politically . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/Yxv9nt5M2H
. @ HillaryClinton cursed about 'disgusting ' @ realDonaldTrump during debate prep , book claims https : //t.co/lbQ1WVLqdF
. @ TomiLahren : “ We can ’ t afford to let everybody in this country that simply wants to come in this country. ” https : //t.co/tzIRy9zfn8
Crash of World War II-era plane kills 2 civilians at naval air station https : //t.co/MLpp6Pf7aF
Jason Whitlock on @ kanyewest 's pro-Trump tweets : `` I think he 's probably trying to inspire African-Americans to have a more open mind about politics and to be less demonizing of people we disagree with . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/9VUtrSBEQm https : //t.co/oBz4tOod0p
. @ KimKardashian West defended her husband @ kanyewest amidst a storm of criticism that erupted after he professed his `` love '' for President @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/Jp844aD95g https : //t.co/kPgHcvEHrk
. @ PressSec on a federal judge ordering the White House to continue DACA : `` This ruling is good news for smuggling organizations and criminal networks , and horrible news for our national security . '' https : //t.co/lbnPYhJ0Ik
Florida private schools hired felons as teachers , prompting investigation : report https : //t.co/nyaOXuuNHQ
. @ TuckerCarlson : `` Colleges barely teach , yet every year they increase their fees . Try that in a private business , you might get indicted for fraud . Do it at an American university and you get billions in taxpayer subsidies . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/H9poqjOLtz
'Cocaine cowboy ' gets 11 years in prison after 26 years as fugitive https : //t.co/4nz05RCBhJ https : //t.co/DUIGk1jROz
. @ JesseBWatters : `` It 's less about @ realDonaldTrump and more about the @ RealCandaceO thing - [ @ kanyewest 's ] celebrating people for being independent thinkers . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/me4CtYB22g
Kanye West tweeted a picture of his signed MAGA hat , as well as a photo of himself wearing it . https : //t.co/Jp844aD95g https : //t.co/rWOi0OK7PZ
HEARTWARMING : A North Dakota airman ’ s surprise homecoming brought his 8-year-old son to tears . https : //t.co/pCLMZaB0U7 https : //t.co/JKSIxpeewQ
President @ realDonaldTrump responded to music icon @ kanyewest , who today said that he loves the president and considers him his `` brother . '' https : //t.co/RA9W9sd1Hm https : //t.co/fU7f6MmHnO
QUICK-THINKING : A good Samaritan 's quick thinking thwarted an attempted robbery at a butcher shop in Mexico . https : //t.co/gfKgEYILvJ https : //t.co/TK7EufJOOQ
. @ GOP unfinished business on the ball diamond https : //t.co/a2pvC6aCwp
. @ LeslieMarshall on DACA recipients : `` The constituents throughout the country , left or right , majority of people , do n't feel that these individuals who came here as children with their parents should be punished . '' @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/4U7gAovN1w
. @ TomiLahren : “ When you try to get your millions of followers to believe that the police are out to murder black people… that ’ s when the war on cops is reignited. ” https : //t.co/QLnadJndvX
Cosby trial comes to a close , jury deliberates https : //t.co/Rcs8bPwCD9 https : //t.co/HDqmg610K8
. @ Comey memos shared more broadly than previously thought https : //t.co/pct5YPI1Fy https : //t.co/uVCAAwMX1W
'STUNNING DEVELOPMENT ' : # Trump attorney Michael Cohen says he 'll plead the Fifth in Stormy Daniels civil case https : //t.co/kZocn9psFx https : //t.co/tYLN02NqVX
EXCLUSIVE : @ POTUS will join @ foxandfriends Thursday morning . Tune in to Fox News Channel at 8a ET for this must-see interview ! https : //t.co/gycNe0qqKf https : //t.co/eXSd4jaZjR
Rudy Giuliani takes over talks with Mueller on possible # Trump interview https : //t.co/ERljGFqHuv https : //t.co/GDs2Fuk5uh
. @ ChelseaClinton slams NY Times reporter over book details on former first daughter 's hair https : //t.co/A9PydWJ1Jp
Blake Shelton tweets about 'karma ' after reports ex Miranda Lambert is dating a married man https : //t.co/gsQqM3dsAu
. @ WhiteHouse doubles down in defense of embattled VA nominee Ronny Jackson https : //t.co/rek6gZLDoI https : //t.co/NKCMTM4IrD
. @ Walmart customer in Kentucky uses store intercom to ask for help , goes viral https : //t.co/9kE6BiqJgR
Video showing deadly shooting of 'Cops ' crewman at Omaha Wendy 's released by judge https : //t.co/jNVhYoAffN
. @ dbongino on 2018 midterms : `` If this turns out to be a blue puddle rather than a blue tidal wave , [ Democrats ] are in a lot of trouble [ because ] they 're solely invested in impeachment , and they ca n't do it without taking the House . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/naaMV65mLN
Chance the Rapper on Trump-Kanye friendship : 'Black people do n't have to be democrats ' https : //t.co/l7DctNi7Xw
EXCLUSIVE : @ POTUS will join @ foxandfriends Thursday morning . Tune in to Fox News Channel at 8a ET for this must-see interview ! https : //t.co/gycNe0qqKf https : //t.co/BSzj2oV7hq
. @ RealCandaceO : `` I can guarantee you if [ @ kanyewest ] and I get in the same room we will have a lot of disagreements . The one thing that we will celebrate is our right to think differently . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/Z6XQsicYUl
. @ SteveKingIA on U.S. immigration attorneys : `` They better have their laws right if they 're gon na go to a foreign country and help facilitate an unarmed invasion into the United States . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/450Kgz8eQ4
Solomon Wisenberg on James @ Comey : `` He 's judgement proof in DC . There 's no DC jury , even if he was ever prosecuted , that would ever convict Jim Comey . They 're not going to convict anybody who 's an enemy of @ realDonaldTrump . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/4JK4oF7qRk
Scott Bolden on James @ Comey : `` Under the Trump administration , if they really thought that he had leaked secret documents or classified documents , he 'd be prosecuted right now . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/uR0TEpOtDK https : //t.co/QJQEOZ7izm
. @ JesseBWatters on @ kanyewest 's pro-Trump tweets : `` When you have a cultural influencer like Kanye West wear the # MAGA hat , and say he loves # Trump ... that 's a cultural tectonic shift . '' # Hannity https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/mFoe5rqdGx
Construction worker fatally shot at job site by man seeking cigarette , police say ; suspect still at large https : //t.co/3FWXF3k5hU
GOP Congressional baseball team holds first practice since shooting https : //t.co/5jGYcACcRU
MUST SEE : Tune in to @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey , Thursday at 6p ET on Fox News Channel . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/SNggowp8p1 https : //t.co/96JmzQY2ae
. @ seanhannity on @ kanyewest tweets about @ POTUS : `` It is a new political landscape in America . '' https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/2xo05Z4Tua
. @ seanhannity : `` My advice : until Andrew Weissmann and other anti-Trump , agenda-driven investigators are fired - no way # DonaldTrump should do that interview . '' https : //t.co/VBVuJHl4je https : //t.co/idb1JrXOVF
SPOTTED : A young giraffe made a break for it after escaping from an Indiana zoo . https : //t.co/OgyC3IwbsV
. @ Comey memos likely shared with former US Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald , sources say https : //t.co/Qz5qgcyK24
EXCLUSIVE : @ POTUS will join @ foxandfriends Thursday morning . Tune in to Fox News Channel at 8a ET for this must-see interview ! https : //t.co/gycNe0qqKf https : //t.co/QmLtOKb2JA
. @ TuckerCarlson : `` Colleges barely teach , yet every year they increase their fees . Try that in a private business , you might get indicted for fraud . Do it at an American university and you get billions in taxpayer subsidies . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/nY9rlh0jQZ
RT @ FoxBusiness : Earlier today , the GOP congressional baseball team held their first practice since last year 's shooting in Alexandria , Vir…
ICE boss takes on NY Gov . Cuomo , calls slams 'insult ' to agency https : //t.co/H6WtCm3IAq
Trump attorney Michael Cohen says he 'll plead the Fifth in Stormy Daniels civil case https : //t.co/FWYKuJbaFh
'Like Being Represented By Luca Brasi ' : Turley Says 'Reckless ' Michael Cohen ' Causing 'Bad Moment ' for Trump https : //t.co/CE5FMYCkUN
. @ JeffFortenberry : `` There 's a basic violation of a standard here . You 've got differences , people again have the right to write me , protest me if they like . But when you attack or vandalize somebody 's home , it really violates a sacred space . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/2muCcBvFgg
A good Samaritan 's quick thinking thwarted an attempted robbery at a butcher shop in Mexico . https : //t.co/gfKgEYILvJ https : //t.co/cJXzzI4vmd
Patton Oswalt shares pride for late wife Michelle McNamara for her role in the capture of Golden State Killer https : //t.co/nqttP4T03s
Jason Whitlock on @ kanyewest 's pro-Trump tweets : `` I think he 's probably trying to inspire African-Americans to have a more open mind about politics and to be less demonizing of people we disagree with . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/9VUtrSTgeW https : //t.co/V8agv8KeQu
Michael Cohen , @ realDonaldTrump 's personal attorney , is expected to plead the Fifth in Stormy Daniels lawsuit # TheStory https : //t.co/wun43GBqx2
Judge rules New York City bar can refuse service to # Trump supporter wearing # MAGA hat https : //t.co/XUaTVcqrba
During a Twitter storm Wednesday , rapper @ kanyewest called out @ BarackObama amid several pro- @ realDonaldTrump tweets . https : //t.co/9VUtrSTgeW https : //t.co/AEGaNVO761
Democrat @ ChrisCoons shares a touching story of how GOP @ SenatorRounds helped him after his father passed away , inspiring Coons to help GOP @ SenatorIsakson during the Pompeo committee vote . # TheStory https : //t.co/FzKdXq4b1c https : //t.co/VsWNJOSpKh
. @ ChrisCoons on changing his committee vote on Pompeo : `` I was grateful to have the chance on Monday to make a small gesture of friendship and support for @ SenatorIsakson of Georgia . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/FzKdXq4b1c https : //t.co/Foj3mf8UB2
. @ HillaryClinton 's email list , voter data , campaign software costing Democrats millions , report says https : //t.co/3bfdKLhRHG
. @ SenateMajLdr : `` I would say to all of our Republican supporters across the country : we need to be turning out in big numbers this fall because @ TheDemocrats are fired up . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/9WuZZDlYO5
. @ SenateMajLdr on confirmation delays : `` The president has a very legitimate complaint . I 've had to file cloture ... 88 times in the # Trump administration . That 's more than the last six presidents , in the first two years , together . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/TLXG8BGHML
RT @ MikeEmanuelFox : Macron takes pitch for Iran nuclear deal to Congress - from # SpecialReport tonight :

https : //t.co/0xNym6zOaV
. @ SenateMajLdr on Pompeo nomination for Secretary of State : `` We 'll be confirming him tomorrow and there are now five Democrats who 've come on board . There should have been a lot more . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/icPeuKtPzA
Maine officer shot and killed by suspect who stole his car , robbed store https : //t.co/V6dg36z6T6
Charles Hurt on 2018 midterms : `` Without any doubt , there 's an enthusiasm on the Democratic side that we 've not seen in a long time . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/zvTBdRprFr
. @ MoElleithee on 2018 midterms : `` In every special election since @ realDonaldTrump took office , Democrats have beat the spread and beat the spread by a lot . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/5VEW6HNzds
Charles Hurt on Ronny Jackson : `` If [ any ] of these allegations are true , it actually sort of reflects more poorly [ on ] the previous administration than it does on the current administration , that all of these terrible things were going on inside the WH or on foreign trips . '' https : //t.co/tiF5LRBJm2
Rudy Giuliani takes over talks with Mueller on possible Trump interview https : //t.co/IyO2O3ifUE
SAY CHEESE : Diners in Baltimore did n't order grilled cheese for dessert , but that 's what they got when their flaming dish got too close to the sprinklers . https : //t.co/wZosDsivtp
Former President George H.W . Bush out of intensive care , and docs are said to be pleased . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/y7BGolP8PB https : //t.co/CdbvWp0QMB
. @ ChelseaClinton slams NY Times reporter over book details on former first daughter 's hair https : //t.co/GxSysTyuTR
. @ realDonaldTrump warns Iran on nuclear program as @ EmmanuelMacron aims to preserve pact . @ MikeEmanuelFox has the story . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/mEnH3RxNBk https : //t.co/UohjblTQTJ
Fox News Poll : President @ realDonaldTrump 's approval at 44 percent https : //t.co/y7BGolP8PB # SpecialReport https : //t.co/XB61KZrxIW
Fox News Poll : Mueller likely to find Trump offenses , Trump likely to fire him https : //t.co/mjzp8ikLJW
Fox News Poll : Majority approves of airstrikes to punish Syria https : //t.co/TEVPYKyT2E
THURSDAY : Do n't miss @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey on # SpecialReport at 6p ET . https : //t.co/SNggow7xxt https : //t.co/HVJNFGReh0
. @ VP Pence speaks at an America First Policies “ Tax Cuts to Put America First ” event in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . https : //t.co/J79CeauLHB
Golden State Killer suspect arrested in California https : //t.co/IYMoCkcKAO
. @ JesseBWatters : `` There have been people from some of these countries that have done harm to Americans - the guy on the Ohio State campus , he was from Somalia and rammed 11 people with his car . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/YKShZfKT0Z
Justice Alito : `` It does not look at all like a 'Muslim ban . ' There are other justifications that jump out as to why these particular countries were put on the list . '' https : //t.co/SlGFfUs6dE https : //t.co/WKdUPIwkbz
. @ JesseBWatters : `` It 's less about @ realDonaldTrump and more about the @ RealCandaceO thing - [ @ kanyewest 's ] celebrating people for being independent thinkers . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/G94Fkr7UQ3
RT @ FoxBusiness : NCAA basketball corruption : Condoleezza Rice-led panel outlines reforms https : //t.co/ouwDhv0JuA
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ SBALinda said Wednesday the jury is still out on Amazon ’ s effect on small business : “ I think it ’ s still a mix . We are in…
. @ JesseBWatters on Kanye/Trump : `` I think you ca n't underestimate what 's going on here culturally and politically . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/wy8bLoG0zQ
. @ kimguilfoyle breaks down today 's @ kanyewest/ @ realDonaldTrump saga . https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/WCTdXawfSy
Joy Reid 's crisis deepens as expert hired to fight gay slur scandal forced to deny being a neo-Nazi sympathizer https : //t.co/cGNK83i5Gs
It 's time for # TheFive ! https : //t.co/dxsOUq3qZd
`` Customer needs assistance in sporting goods please ? I 'm the customer. ” @ Walmart customer in Kentucky uses store intercom to ask for help , goes viral https : //t.co/9kE6BiqJgR
. @ AmbJohnBolton says National Security Council staff changes are coming , and some employees are n't happy https : //t.co/SG1oHYf4yd
Sessions stays mum on Rosenstein speculation , Cohen probe at Senate hearing - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/OBCJxwt3zL
. @ KimKardashian West defended her husband @ kanyewest amidst a storm of criticism that erupted after he professed his `` love '' for President @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/t1LNFINSg5
Former President @ GeorgeHWBush out of intensive care , and docs are said to be pleased https : //t.co/26ue3j2hqa
. @ SenJohnKennedy on @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I 'm not saying that you do n't try to reason with your adversaries as President Macron wants us to , but there 's just some bad people in this world . '' @ TeamCavu https : //t.co/ArrcByIX7e
. @ SenJohnKennedy on @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Like @ POTUS , he ran against the system , started with nothing , established his own movement , his own party . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/5DCQf5XoM1
10-year yield breaks through three percent . @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/RHqh4XpQED
10-year treasury yield . @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/9RCGmiqyIm
Michael Starr Hopkins on 2018 midterms : `` If you look at all the special elections that have been held since @ realDonaldTrump got elected , Democrats have over-performed by almost double digits in every single one . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/gI3752FqON
. @ conservmillen on Arizona special election : `` It 's important to look at what these Democrats are running on that are winning or coming close to winning . They are running as moderates who are also running as anti-establishment . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/D3s13u4gg7 https : //t.co/4Hh8vGKEux
Minutes ago , Kanye West tweeted a picture of his signed MAGA hat , as well as a photo of himself wearing it . https : //t.co/Jp844alydI https : //t.co/OJcZBTHq5i
. @ Rafa_Jdoc : @ kanyewest tweets right -- What happens when a hip hop icon takes the red pill and dares to challenge liberals
https : //t.co/L3rTMlq9F2
Scott Pruitt 's time as EPA administrator dogged by questions about first-class travel , pay raises https : //t.co/MA2D6zFWSW
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump responded to music icon @ kanyewest , who today said that he loves the president and considers him his `` brother . '' https : //t.co/RA9W9rVqPO https : //t.co/t9zBFJUZly
Earlier , @ VP tweeted his praise for French President @ EmmanuelMacron and the bond between the U.S. and France . https : //t.co/DTn6BTfywL https : //t.co/90PcuFlq5v
Bill Clinton 'casually encouraged ' Trump to run for president before 2016 race : book - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/aog2Jay3rr
“ This really is the most prolific unsolved serial murder case in modern history . ”

Trace Gallagher reports on the arrest of a suspect in the decades-old `` Golden State Killer '' case . https : //t.co/6fz8xXBQWB https : //t.co/uhozOXyg43
RT @ FoxBusiness : Amazon , Google trading suspended on NYSE , proceeding elsewhere https : //t.co/YGD29oeh3x
Fmr . President @ GeorgeHWBush 's office released a statement today that says he has been moved out of the ICU . Doctors are reportedly pleased with his progress & amp ; Bush says he 's now `` focused on the @ HoustonRockets closing out their playoff series against the Minnesota @ Timberwolves '' https : //t.co/R6qUFTRJ0D
Las Vegas shooting survivors engaged , expected to wed this summer https : //t.co/NvfFZgCayu
Former President George H.W . Bush has been moved out of the ICU and is improving after being admitted for an infection , according to his office . # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/Z149InEPUD
Today the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments over the Trump administration travel ban . @ ShannonBream is outside the courthouse with the latest . # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/KITu0cTnb4
. @ PressSec : `` The focus of this travel ban has been on safety and security . '' https : //t.co/duYSVhN8BN
RT @ FoxBusiness : Trump 's travel ban sees support from Supreme Court 's conservative majority https : //t.co/WCuq3zIqRr https : //t.co/yzRbWnCgLY
RT @ FoxBusiness : Sen. Bernie Sanders pushes plan to guarantee every American a job https : //t.co/AFh3O0xh6P https : //t.co/qBTHNZBprA
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ Judgenap : `` This is a vote on whether or not the Constitution permits the @ POTUS on the basis of info made known to him b…
. @ PressSec on a federal judge ordering the White House to continue DACA : `` This ruling is good news for smuggling organizations and criminal networks , and horrible news for our national security . '' https : //t.co/L3haSX3bVm
. @ PressSec on North Korea negotiations : `` We think that the maximum pressure campaign is working , but again we 're not going to let up on that campaign until we see some of the words that they 've made go into concrete action . '' https : //t.co/YF01s2bOtB
. @ PressSec to @ JohnRobertsFox on allegations facing the VA Secretary nominee : `` Dr. Jackson 's record as a White House physician has been impeccable . '' https : //t.co/6GAvGWNeE7
RT @ BretBaier : Attention all @ FoxNews fans in # WestVirginia -- @ marthamaccallum & amp ; I will host a debate in Morgantown Tuesday , May 1st on # Fo…
. @ PressSec Sarah Sanders holds a briefing at the @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/YfWLvYYpR5
. @ SenBobCorker on the Iran deal : `` I 've long thought unless something changes , [ @ POTUS ] will pull out . '' https : //t.co/Xnd1Gw5Dhp
2-year-old motorist uses McDonald 's drive-thru and Ronald ai n't lovin ' it https : //t.co/y71qh5vX5K
Love triangle ends in murder-suicide with 'blood everywhere ' as disguised wife guns down mistress , cops say https : //t.co/TCRuJz18rc
Morgan Freeman 's step-granddaughter spoke about 'grandpa feelings ' before her murder , text messages reveal https : //t.co/5CNpYodKtb
. @ SenatorCardin : `` I opposed the Iran Deal , but I think it would be a mistake for the United States to unilaterally withdraw from the agreement if Iran 's in compliance . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/C7rETrC6MG
Ronan Farrow says Hillary Clinton almost bailed on scheduled interview over his Harvey Weinstein reporting https : //t.co/VRQ9PKT8Y7
Golden State Killer suspect arrested in California , reports say ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/IYMoCkcKAO
. @ RepMikeCoffman : `` If [ Ronny Jackson 's ] not going to be tough in cleaning house , he will fail in this job . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/jyQ77o4CnU
Government 's war on pizza ? Looming ObamaCare menu rule has restaurant owners worried https : //t.co/21i2aIlVbm
MUST SEE : Tune in to @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey , Thursday at 6p ET on Fox News Channel . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/SNggowp8p1 https : //t.co/hg7HAAyiN4
Truckers line up under Michigan overpass to save suicidal man who threatened to jump ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/0NRG8jP9gX
Moments ago , in a tweet-storm assailing `` traditional thinkers '' and praising `` free thinkers , '' music icon @ kanyewest stated that he loves President @ realDonaldTrump and considers him his brother . https : //t.co/RO4XDfAEVg https : //t.co/jgOmvBndrn
Florida fisherman catches 120-pound ‘ granddaddy of all catfish ' ( via @ MaddieFarberUDK ) https : //t.co/1gynS39UJ8
Marie Harf : `` Republicans are having to spend money in places that they should n't have to . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/Mph5dD4NJ7
. @ MelissaAFrancis : `` There is a lot of energy on both sides . Everybody is fired up . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/LWiiXAqmCx
Customer in cowboy hat helps thwart armed robbery at Monterrey butcher shop ( via @ luciasuarezsang ) https : //t.co/siA4vwuo0r
. @ MelissaAFrancis : `` We 've made no headway on the VA ... These are service-men and women who deserve the best care . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/QgC901epRS
Under Macron , France nudges out Britain as Trump 's favored ally ( via @ AdamShawNY ) https : //t.co/Mn314eKiTg
. @ Judgenap : `` The government says that Congress has given @ POTUS the ability to suspend immigration from any country that he finds where the persons coming into the country are more likely than not to be dangerous . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/ABnoazC4GQ
Supreme Court hears arguments on @ POTUS 's travel ban ; @ ShannonBream reports . https : //t.co/4jDoKYg2hU
Moments ago , former President @ GeorgeHWBush tweeted a thanks to those who helped facilitate his late wife 's funeral . https : //t.co/dudjDmiDUG
Maine officer shot and killed by suspect who stole his car , robbed store ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/x7iDKJ6Hga
Video shows ex-Clinton aide in profanity-laced confrontation with cops https : //t.co/g6gorhmYAM
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Long live the friendship between France and the United States of America ! '' https : //t.co/UceG3bsTTW
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` What we cherish is at stake . What we love is in danger . We have no choice but to prevail and together we shall prevail . '' https : //t.co/qEsiuQf1Bg
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Better than anyone , our troops , I think , know what the alliance and friendship between our countries means . '' https : //t.co/XxdJ4TeKlP
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` The United States and France together with the United Kingdom acted to destroy chemical facilities [ in Syria ] , and to restore the credibility of the international community . '' https : //t.co/eR3ZieQvWd
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` France will not leave the JCPOA , because we signed it . '' https : //t.co/Jxmjk3NnoU
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Iran shall never possess any nuclear weapons . Not now . Not in 5 years . Not in 10 years . Never . '' https : //t.co/scFSz3pTTQ
It 's the interview America 's been waiting for -- Former FBI Director James @ Comey sits down with @ BretBaier on Fox News Channel , Thursday at 6p ET . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/SNggow7xxt https : //t.co/hqf7YFOhqA
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` To protect our democracies , we have to fight against the ever-growing virus of fake news . '' https : //t.co/6uvSazFD3n
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I 'm sure one day the United States will come back and join the Paris Agreement . '' https : //t.co/EjsOqKhPqS
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` There is no Planet B . '' https : //t.co/MQVgViHDL1
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I believe in building a better future for our children which requires offering them a planet that is still habitable in 25 years . '' https : //t.co/r1RbAUDBaf
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Our middle classes are the backbone of our democracies . '' https : //t.co/6GjnNKp9Hb
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` We need a free and fair trade for sure . '' https : //t.co/5PjdKeZfFo
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I believe in the liberation of the individual and in the freedom and responsibility of everyone to build their own lives and pursue happiness . '' https : //t.co/bpjFcfc0VA
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Human rights , the rights of minorities , and shared liberty are the true answers to the disorders of the world . '' https : //t.co/rQqCQWYzWT
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` We can build the 21st century world order based on a new breed of multilateralism , based on a more effective , accountable , and results-oriented militarism . '' https : //t.co/ktK3mKfAvw
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Personally , if you ask me , I do not share the fascination for new strong powers , the abandonment of freedom , and the illusion of nationalism . '' https : //t.co/mXKPvuGIOb
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Today , the international community needs to step up our game and build the 21st century world order based on the perennial principles we established together after World War II . '' https : //t.co/Zgvw94l4bo
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` We elected officials all share the responsibility to demonstrate the democracy remains the best answer to the questions and doubts that are raised today ... We must stand firmly and fight to make our principles prevail . '' https : //t.co/FIDrfgYqth
JUST IN : Dallas Police Officer Rogelio Santander died Wednesday , a day after he was shot at a Home Depot , the city 's mayor announced . https : //t.co/ubq9mprobR
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` We must remember the warning of President Theodore Roosevelt : Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction . We did n't pass it to our children in the bloodstream . It must be fought for , protected , handed on for them to do the same . '' https : //t.co/18ENyuULIf
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` The United States is France 's first scientific partner . Our economic ties create hundreds of thousands of jobs on both sides of the Atlantic . '' https : //t.co/3iAt1CBosW
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Women 's rights have long been a fundamental driver for our societies on both sides of the Atlantic . This explains why the # MeToo movement has recently had such a deep resonance in France . '' https : //t.co/piS5iMY63u
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` African-American leaders , artists , writers ... have become a part of our common heritage . We celebrate among them James Baldwin and Richard Wright . '' https : //t.co/rGKLvAexGz
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` We stand together in Syria . '' https : //t.co/a2xjPVfLVs
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Since 1776 , we , the American and French people , have had a rendezvous with freedom . '' https : //t.co/edJDuShtp8
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` The strength of our bonds is the source of our shared ideals . '' https : //t.co/bQagN9N87z
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Let me thank @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS for this wonderful invitation to my wife and to myself . '' https : //t.co/ZdTZN33nU0
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` [ Benjamin Franklin and Voltaire ] embraced each other by hugging one another in their arms and kissing each other 's cheeks . It can remind you of something . '' https : //t.co/KNZDAccWTf
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` We have fought shoulder to shoulder in many battles ... We have worked together for the universal ideals of liberty , tolerance , and equal rights . '' https : //t.co/njYHI0CTo1
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` France has participated with heart in hand in the story of this great nation from the very beginning . '' https : //t.co/YxgvUICo5V
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` It is an honor for France , for the French people , and for me to be received in this sanctuary of democracy where so much of the history of the United States has been written . '' https : //t.co/Fkz2cU5aOM
MOMENTS AWAY : French President @ EmmanuelMacron 's address before a joint meeting of Congress - For full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/kkK0wpprk8
. @ PressSec : `` Washington has become so broken that they focus so much on destroying people . '' https : //t.co/p4mme5B0qa
. @ marcthiessen : `` I never thought I 'd see the day where our greatest ally in Europe was France ... I 'm old enough to remember back in 2003 when Congress renamed French Fries 'Freedom Fries . ' '' https : //t.co/BwihfB1m9y
MOMENTS AWAY : French President @ EmmanuelMacron 's address before a joint meeting of Congress - For full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/yCaogA4liW
French President @ EmmanuelMacron addresses a Joint Meeting of Congress . https : //t.co/pUKypiJhXS
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump praised @ FLOTUS Melania Trump for her `` spectacular job '' hosting French President @ EmmanuelMacron and helping plan the State Dinner . https : //t.co/FSrAyH0XeU https : //t.co/0Toj7qHXhN
HAPPENING NOW : Manhunt underway after sheriff 's deputy killed , suspect considered armed and dangerous . https : //t.co/G4AQyevGkg https : //t.co/eMxLAMcUkB
JUST IN : Maine officer shot and killed responding to robbery https : //t.co/x7iDKJ6Hga
. @ SenatorRounds : `` I hope Mr. Jackson is able to survive this challenge , but nonetheless , we have to do our job . '' https : //t.co/xXNDJyMl4d
. @ RandPaul : `` I sincerely am trying to end these wars . I 'm trying to get them over - and I 'll do what it takes . '' https : //t.co/8wkS6uvDl1
Documents provided to Fox News show Dr. Ronny Jackson received glowing praise for his work as White House physician by then-President @ BarackObama . https : //t.co/o8IY5zo8pu https : //t.co/JCPurmzuoZ
Customer in cowboy hat helps thwart armed robbery at a Monterrey butcher shop https : //t.co/V0Wl4Wr7s1
RT @ FoxBusiness : A new Melania Trump exhibit at @ MadameTussauds in New York opens today , and Fox Business got an exclusive preview . https : /…
. @ michellemalkin on @ foxandfriends : “ It has to be comprehensive immigration enforcement reform that we adopt. ” https : //t.co/LFyCto3KNG
'Simpsons ' star Hank Azaria says he 's 'willing ' to step aside amid Apu controversy https : //t.co/bs6yw6oO1u
Finland to end its universal basic income program by year 's end https : //t.co/SZUgvw7SbC
Reparations , income handouts , guaranteed jobs : Dems tilt hard left with new pet projects https : //t.co/WT8R4RPnTb
Dallas police officer in 'grave condition , ' another 'critical ' after Home Depot shooting , official says ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/9H9p1A8oUA
. @ kayleighmcenany : “ The Trump economy is about empowering the American taxpayer. ” https : //t.co/Qkb6d3y7Zz
. @ JessicaTarlov : “ Go for the economy and healthcare , not Trump impeachment. ” https : //t.co/ZYC1Nc13uH
Who is Debbie Lesko ? 3 things to know about Arizona 's newest congresswoman https : //t.co/9sWbGcRbqo
Kim Wall killer Peter Madsen sentenced to life in prison ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/lodIfqZV1n
Alfie Evans ' family loses appeal to transport terminally ill British toddler to Rome https : //t.co/Zx1Sz5xYQR
Officers stand guard during a memorial service for Gilchrist County sheriff 's officers Sgt . Noel Ramirez and Deputy Taylor Lindsey . The officers were killed last week in an ambush shooting while eating at a restaurant . https : //t.co/5GquNDFuXz
Kanye West abruptly fires manager Scooter Braun , fears about his health emerge https : //t.co/Rlz63J4JOu
. @ seanspicer : “ The first lady knocked it out of the park again . What an amazing state dinner. ” https : //t.co/nsh3Zf5WhB
Feds studying adding warning labels to soda https : //t.co/ocpzGEX5U0
'Schoolhouse Rock ' musical director Bob Dorough dies at 94 https : //t.co/kXUKTZmBvc
. @ GeorgeHWBush 'SNL ' impersonator @ danacarvey recalls 'funny moment ' with former president https : //t.co/mft7nAOFEA
JUST IN : Kim Wall killer Peter Madsen sentenced to life in prison https : //t.co/lodIfrhwpX
Ex-NFL cheerleaders offer to settle disputes for $ 1 in exchange for meeting with Goodell , report says https : //t.co/YZGN8upPFX
. @ TomiLahren : “ When you try to get your millions of followers to believe that the police are out to murder black people… that ’ s when the war on cops is reignited. ” https : //t.co/d90JffBNCQ
. @ TomiLahren : “ The problem with a porous border is that we don ’ t know who was able to get in and who is not . That ’ s why building a wall is so important. ” https : //t.co/ZRZnpFdKAN
. @ TomiLahren : “ We can ’ t afford to let everybody in this country that simply wants to come in this country. ” https : //t.co/5sCrKLYZh2
GOP Baseball Team Returning to the Field ; @ ChadPergram reports https : //t.co/nVA8hHycr8
Michael Pillsbury : `` [ President @ realDonaldTrump 's ] a master negotiator . '' https : //t.co/FsENAIkbVO
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini works out for a good cause https : //t.co/Pnk55tXvxP
President @ realDonaldTrump and @ EmmanuelMacron show `` unbreakable friendship '' https : //t.co/1rnoBFgjSk https : //t.co/WOYwnUVVzY
. @ Judgenap : `` There are a lot of theories as to why [ @ HillaryClinton ] lost , one of which she will never accept , which is that she was a flawed candidate . '' https : //t.co/a4rugFkz3g
Florida shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz researched Columbine massacre , panel is told https : //t.co/4Xe3zakc3Q
Taylor Swift ca n't seem to shake off stalking suspects , Internet kooks https : //t.co/MofEjWEGxU
Republican U.S. Congressional candidate Debbie Lesko celebrates with former Arizona Gov . Jan Brewer after winning the special election for a U.S. House seat in Arizona to replace former Rep. Trent Franks , who resigned over sexual misconduct allegations . https : //t.co/D3s13u4gg7 https : //t.co/Y0W6mNedfY
Passenger dies aboard Alaska Airlines flight from Seattle to Kansas City https : //t.co/qEIss4YBzr
Busloads of migrants reach U.S. border https : //t.co/iPUGLmglPI https : //t.co/EYTA3MaLwt
Top US admiral says China now capable of controlling South China Sea https : //t.co/I6FBwUsdCs
Student confronts @ NancyPelosi over 'crumbs ' comment https : //t.co/gh64rQ2mdS
. @ BrianBrenberg : `` You do want fair trade deals in China , and it looks like the @ POTUS is going to get China to come to the table . '' https : //t.co/Nl5d4ad9p6
Powder in car during DUI arrest was Grandpa 's ashes , not drugs , report says https : //t.co/YPYtbZbo8k
. @ Comey 's memo leak contact had 'special government employee ' status at FBI https : //t.co/AWp7U3n6V4
Brett Velicovich : `` The future of warfare is no longer going to be boots on the ground ; it 's going to be less and less of boots on the ground and really more and more of eyes in the sky . '' https : //t.co/bP5DGOpL5b
Fresno State professor who bashed Barbara Bush wo n't be disciplined https : //t.co/FpPUHR0saW https : //t.co/R8vuIap7Ks
US taxpayer money earmarked for Afghan reconstruction efforts could be easily lost says new oversight report https : //t.co/YSwdiaV5LC
Joel Rubin on Iran Nuclear deal : `` There are deep problems with Iranian behavior in the Middle East certainly , but to undermine this deal would undermine our ability to work with France and other allies to prevent those problems . '' https : //t.co/72z4s6nX89 https : //t.co/XUiMWUWwyK
Tennessee Senate passes bill to build monument to 'victims of abortion , ' sends back to House https : //t.co/g9zxbqGRw0
'Caravan ' ignores warnings from # Trump https : //t.co/iPUGLmglPI https : //t.co/ATMMX2fTzo
. @ Comey book sells more than 600,000 copies in first week https : //t.co/WE6bgHcisC
First @ GOP congressional baseball practice since shooting last year https : //t.co/hocvhsKi7X
Rapper @ MeekMill , alongside @ KevinHart4real , rings the ceremonial bell at the start of Game 5 of the @ sixers- @ MiamiHEAT playoff series . Mill walked out of prison Tuesday after Pennsylvania 's highest court ordered him freed while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions . https : //t.co/9Ar4vqP8yI
Supreme Court to hear arguments on # Trump travel ban today https : //t.co/EvqSsDW3XG https : //t.co/BFMksJVyQQ
Republican Debbie Lesko wins Arizona House special election https : //t.co/XRwZksJeYI https : //t.co/7MPOYCwTf6
Egg of extinct elephant bird was mislabeled as fake for decades , museum realizes https : //t.co/g9ZObBfokq
Suspected gunman in custody after 2 Dallas police officers shot , critically wounded , department says https : //t.co/tdfByRw9MW https : //t.co/KFCx6ndiwc
Maxine Waters tells # Trump to resign , 'just get out ' at TIME 100 Gala honoring her https : //t.co/0sJ2C7u8R4
Michigan State Police mobilized several semi-truck drivers on Tuesday to help a man threatening to jump off a bridge . The trucks lined up under the bridge in an attempt to shorten the fall , but the man didn ’ t jump and ended up safely walking off of the bridge . https : //t.co/BS5iDMeQ4Z
QUICK-THINKING : A good Samaritan donning a cowboy hat tackled an armed robbery suspect after he pulled out a gun in a Mexican butcher shop . Employees then sprung into action to help subdue the robber , who had pulled out a blade after he dropped his gun in the tussle . https : //t.co/PzzsyruZWF
HARROWING RESCUE : Two passing motorists jumped into action to help save a woman whose car was sinking . https : //t.co/mZBOAUpnCB https : //t.co/QhhOoubfwE
Fresno State professor who bashed Barbara Bush wo n't be disciplined https : //t.co/FpPUHRi32u
. @ POTUS on North Korean regime : “ The United States and France are also cooperating to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons. ” https : //t.co/Ri9Op029hK
. @ POTUS offered a toast during Tuesday 's state dinner with French President @ EmmanuelMacron . https : //t.co/Fxox8AOUak https : //t.co/YKJ7IMenMb
Stuart Varney : `` The # Trump economy is a fully employed economy and expanding fast . '' https : //t.co/G641TrCfqU
Sorority grants World War II vet 's final wish to dance with a beautiful woman https : //t.co/MyJligNb8G
. @ POTUS : “ President Macron , people of France , people of America , now is the time for strength . So let us be strong , let us be united. ” https : //t.co/8gw4cJmA11
'Smallville ' actress Allison Mack out on bail , facing 15 years to life in prison https : //t.co/HEcwd29drI
. @ KellyannePolls on VA Secretary nominee : `` Dr. Jackson 's made clear that he wants to fight . We can not allow anyone to be criticized and vetted and concluded upon in the press or just through allegations . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/pX2A9jj4KY https : //t.co/WSbu3vjlHB
Wildlife photographer captures osprey carrying shark , carrying fish in 'one-in-a-trillion photograph ' https : //t.co/Qnkd9Vuj6C
Retired Green Beret Gregory Stube : `` I 'm still interested in what I can do for my country , and all I keep hearing from the left is what my country should do for me . '' https : //t.co/HR2U3CJyeD https : //t.co/SgsfIOXnem
Man Uses 'Cat Mop ' to Clean the Floor https : //t.co/8XOLaPWLIG
. @ POTUS : “ I think we have a chance of doing something very special , with respect to North Korea . Good for them , good for us , good for everybody. ” https : //t.co/Wtjus9Scxq
GOP keeps control of NY Senate despite Democrat victories https : //t.co/Wsw3UUnoUV https : //t.co/6wuGOVjo4G
INCREDIBLE : This @ LAPDHQ police officer makes a court-length shot with his back facing the basket . https : //t.co/oj5Smmbow1
Waffle House shooting suspect faces additional warrants , police say https : //t.co/gmr5fdnvKo
. @ RepGoodlatte : “ Asylum is a good and appropriate consideration…5,000 a year most years , now 300,000 ? It ’ s fraud , it ’ s abuse , and our bill fixes it. ” @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/ycMI0JQ464
Finland to end its universal basic income program by year 's end https : //t.co/SZUgvw7SbC
. @ POTUS : “ In the United States , we are taking strong action to regain control over our borders and over our sovereignty…We ’ re going to stop illegal immigration. ” https : //t.co/prax0HcRpg
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS welcomed French President @ EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte to the first state dinner of the # Trump administration . There were 123 guests , including @ VP Mike Pence , Second Lady Karen Pence and Senior White House Advisers Jared Kushner and @ IvankaTrump . https : //t.co/0ifE03Q3HZ
Jeff Bell on Broward County sheriff facing no-confidence vote : `` There is a series of events that have led up to this vote of no-confidence and it has nothing to do with a contract whatsoever . That is a blatant lie by the sheriff himself . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/xXUXNJlwO2
Pit bull bites down on NYC subway rider 's foot after alleged fight over seat https : //t.co/nP4yHubuJN
. @ RonDeSantisFL : “ When you have emails subpoenaed , you don ’ t just turn over the ones that you want to turn over and then ‘ acid wash ’ the rest . That ’ s not the way it works. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/0c6nnXMoTf
UPDATE : The two officers and one civilian who were shot near a @ HomeDepot in Dallas on Tuesday afternoon were out of surgery late Tuesday , Dallas police Chief Rene Hall said . The suspected gunman Armando Juarez was in custody Tuesday night . https : //t.co/lWiDbLgfcB https : //t.co/fkLEsyxVCs
“ The Star Spangled Banner ” is played at the @ WhiteHouse as @ POTUS welcomes French President @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/GHaf1VEH24
Bush-appointed federal judge rules Trump 's DACA rescission was 'unlawful and must be set aside ' https : //t.co/uoUydmrBEV
Kyle Kashuv on questioning over gun range visit with dad : `` I posted a video of me showing my admiration for the 2nd Amendment & amp ; telling people to educate themselves about the 2nd Amendment because we ca n't trust our government to defend ourselves . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/EVV5hMwY1N https : //t.co/LMhCNZr3du
Video shows ex-Clinton aide in profanity-laced confrontation with cops https : //t.co/g6gorhEzsk https : //t.co/KWV0s9dwSm
. @ KatiePavlich on Michael Cohen : “ We have not seen an indictment , we haven ’ t seen charges , we have seen no connection in terms of Russian meddling or collusion… ” # TheFive https : //t.co/VNwQ2jRBDn
Comey 's memo leak contact had 'special government employee ' status at FBI https : //t.co/AWp7U35vwu
. @ POTUS delivers a toast at state dinner : `` May our friendship grow even deeper . May our kinship grow even stronger . And may our sacred liberty never die . God bless you . God bless France . God bless our alliance . And God bless America . '' https : //t.co/ex17e32fDR
. @ NRA breaks 15-year fundraising record , according to filings https : //t.co/9XnSgKLVVp https : //t.co/QMlbbmaJ01
HEARTWARMING : A North Dakota airman ’ s surprise homecoming brought his 8-year-old son to tears . https : //t.co/pCLMZajq2z https : //t.co/zlDmG4hj65
After two Dallas police officers were critically wounded in a shooting on Tuesday , Dallas Mayor @ Mike_Rawlings shared his thoughts on how police officers are treated across the United States , stating “ it sobers us to realize ... how quickly [ police officers ] can become victims. ” https : //t.co/4keKOMFLGj
. @ Scaramucci on unemployment hitting new low : “ The president ’ s tax reform is actually unleashing that cash and it ’ s getting deployed into the marketplace ... and that means more jobs , more growth , more investment capital. ” https : //t.co/Z6M7c5OPao
# Trump poised for major makeover of liberal 9th Circuit court https : //t.co/VKtt8Y5U21
. @ RealCandaceO : `` I do n't believe that because I have a certain skin tone that I absolutely have to subscribe to all of these ideas , which on paper , do not make any sense whatsoever . '' https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/l9ffBGfwbf
Love triangle ends in murder-suicide when wife kills romantic rival , police say https : //t.co/P2NIQGMeCF
“ It just made sense for me to go to church . ”

James Shaw , Jr. recalls the Waffle House shooting and his experience in the aftermath . https : //t.co/STgTS9WDOA https : //t.co/Opa7A5kAuR
Calexit gets go-ahead to start collecting signatures https : //t.co/UyUBheOuj2
“ The Democrats have become obstructionists. ” – @ POTUS takes questions during joint news conference with French president https : //t.co/iV5sgas27c
Melania Trump 's hat draws Beyoncé , Olivia Pope comparisons https : //t.co/rFuZZPkeks
. @ POTUS delivers a toast at state dinner : `` The veins that link our nations are forged in battle , strengthened through trial , and defined by the timeless principles that make us who and what we are . '' https : //t.co/1rnoBFgjSk https : //t.co/GWkUJ4kd1x
Republican Debbie Lesko wins Arizona House special election https : //t.co/XRwZksJeYI
. @ RealCandaceO : `` That 's exactly the idea that the left has— once you say something you must always stick to it . You ca n't form your opinions over time . '' https : //t.co/GZasZYfhM1 https : //t.co/dPjNZH9LIH
. @ kanyewest professes 'love ' for @ realDonaldTrump , criticizes # Obama , radio host says https : //t.co/iw0481jkct
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS welcomed French President @ EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte to the @ WhiteHouse for the first state dinner held since # Trump took office . https : //t.co/lNfZspNcG7 https : //t.co/JzgdYHqaav
'Real Indian ' running against Sen. Elizabeth Warren sues after city tells him to stop calling her 'Fake Indian ' https : //t.co/C3E7pP6XDS
. @ Scaramucci on @ POTUS : “ I think he ’ s surprising these European leaders…He can operate in a world of that intellectual elitism , but he also understands the common decency of the American people. ” https : //t.co/WHhMwghekB
Sorority grants World War II vet 's final wish to dance with a beautiful woman https : //t.co/zmHXwUS7jg
Calexit gets go-ahead to start collecting signatures https : //t.co/1lvZlP8R7H
JUST IN : Republican Debbie Lesko wins Arizona special election https : //t.co/D2iekZzfSL
. @ mercedesschlapp on Iran Nuclear deal : `` It is about our national security . It is about ensuring that we do not have a destabilization in terms of Iran , especially if they start to continue expanding in terms of their nuclear programs . '' @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/P9NG0mvbiE
President @ realDonaldTrump hosts French President @ EmmanuelMacron at the @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/1rnoBFgjSk https : //t.co/7afEI1WqJM
UPDATE : 'Person of interest ' in custody after 2 Dallas police officers shot , critically wounded , department says https : //t.co/AEHrPpORWP https : //t.co/qdWsmWs6c2
Doomsday AI machines could lead to nuclear war , think tank paper warns https : //t.co/NmjGRc9HzU
. @ RepGoodlatte : “ Asylum is a good and appropriate consideration…5,000 a year most years , now 300,000 ? It ’ s fraud , it ’ s abuse , and our bill fixes it. ” @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/nzvveFBKVE
Meek Mill released from prison after high court order https : //t.co/nIPrgw1aIU
Oklahoma woman found safe after alleged kidnapping by man following 'domestic dispute , ' police say https : //t.co/PBDKVW9knp
Andrew Arthur : “ Mexico needs to defend its southern border in order to stop these individuals from coming to the United States. ” @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/xyx0dHa5H5
Kyle Kashuv describes `` interrogation '' over gun range tweet : `` Did I do anything wrong ? I mean , it 's still America last time I checked . I can go to a gun range and shoot [ a gun ] peacefully . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/EVV5hMwY1N https : //t.co/epX952IJHp
MUST SEE : Tune in to @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey , Thursday at 6p ET on Fox News Channel . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/EtLXjJGtb5
Rhino poachers shot dead in raids by armed rangers in South Africa https : //t.co/u76Vu15fel
. @ POTUS offered a toast during Tuesday 's state dinner with French President @ EmmanuelMacron . https : //t.co/Fxox8AOUak https : //t.co/SlBSvpEdQt
. @ RonDeSantisFL : “ When you have emails subpoenaed , you don ’ t just turn over the ones that you want to turn over and then ‘ acid wash ’ the rest . That ’ s not the way it works. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/U46EnNk3UF
'It 's Still America Last Time I Checked ' : @ KyleKashuv Recalls School Interrogation After Gun Range Trip https : //t.co/3RGr4S5MaG
. @ EmmanuelMacron : Please allow me to raise my glass to the unbreakable friendship between France and the United States https : //t.co/GdC2OvfUqV
. @ EmmanuelMacron to @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS : Thank you for honoring France , for honoring me and Brigitte and the French delegation with this first state visit , which is commensurate to the quality and the level of the bonds between our two countries . https : //t.co/V0GBPAXACC
. @ EmmanuelMacron to @ POTUS : We are aware of the challenges ahead of us , but we will keep working together . https : //t.co/t1ZMnAYNou
. @ EmmanuelMacron to @ POTUS : Some two years ago , very few would have bet on us being here together today . But as a matter of fact , we share the same determination and the willingness to serve both our countries - your country , my country and the rest of the world . https : //t.co/BFSchtr69o
. @ POTUS offers a toast at tonight 's state dinner with French President @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/YbyMRe9I9o
. @ POTUS delivers a toast at state dinner : `` May our friendship grow even deeper . May our kinship grow even stronger . And may our sacred liberty never die . God bless you . God bless France . God bless our alliance . And God bless America . '' https : //t.co/ItWKkCJNLo
. @ POTUS delivers a toast at state dinner : `` The veins that link our nations are forged in battle , strengthened through trial , and defined by the timeless principles that make us who and what we are . '' https : //t.co/1r6oaRaxH7
. @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS attend the @ WhiteHouse State Dinner Reception with French President @ EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron . President # Trump and President Macron are each expected to deliver a toast . https : //t.co/Q946y8h44w
. @ Fresno_State professor who bashed Barbara Bush wo n't be disciplined https : //t.co/kC9PBuoLkw
Kyle Kashuv on questioning over gun range visit with dad : `` I posted a video of me showing my admiration for the 2nd Amendment & amp ; telling people to educate themselves about the 2nd Amendment because we ca n't trust our government to defend ourselves . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/EVV5hMwY1N https : //t.co/RYWI8dCJ82
Alfie Evans ' dad giving toddler mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to 'keep him alive ' https : //t.co/UdMVd1u5Pj
Jeff Bell on Broward County sheriff facing no-confidence vote : `` There is a series of events that have led up to this vote of no-confidence and it has nothing to do with a contract whatsoever . That is a blatant lie by the sheriff himself . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/LuiKKGDFln
. @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS walk with French President @ EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron down the Grand Staircase to take an official photo . https : //t.co/0MgJ5nt4G1
Two Dallas police officers shot , critically wounded , department says https : //t.co/bVIgUrjPVZ
. @ Enrique_Acevedo : `` [ Undocumented ] immigrants are very aware of the dangers they face and still they choose to risk their lives to provide a better future for their family . We used to call that the American dream ... '' # TheStory https : //t.co/3dgLf8keFc
. @ SenBobCorker on committee vote on Pompeo : `` It was an outstanding outcome . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/jKoRNKwqTk https : //t.co/mUbLkDeHS4
WATCH : @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS welcomed French President @ EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte to the @ WhiteHouse for the first state dinner held since # Trump took office . https : //t.co/lNfZspNcG7 https : //t.co/YgonY1hKqe
. @ MZHemingway on # Trump nominee confirmation complications : `` There is this sense that there 's just a failure to get one guy , so now we 're going to go for the next guy , and then we 're going to go for the next guy . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/PUXMcdDnBZ
. @ marcthiessen on Obama-era Iran nuclear deal : `` It was supposed to change Iran 's behavior . Look at Iran 's behavior around the world . They 're funding terrorists across the world . They 're continuing to hold American hostages ... If that 's success , I do n't know what failure is . '' https : //t.co/a3WJcOvw68
RT @ MikeEmanuelFox : Democrats differ on whether to run on President Trump 's impeachment - from # SpecialReport :

https : //t.co/qnaVazRoEp
OPINION : Hidden symbols of a state dinner : Gilt mirrors , a special bouquet , chocolate and more https : //t.co/n40VLTL0Vw
# Trump 's first state dinner held in honor of French President @ EmmanuelMacron : What to know https : //t.co/eHf37sKgta
. @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS welcome @ EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/6oTC3zwoVm
Documents show @ BarackObama praised VA nominee Jackson , supported promotion 'immediately ' https : //t.co/6N3yIWhClA
. @ KellyannePolls on North Korea : @ POTUS really railed back today against ... this idea that he 's made too many concessions already . Like what ? What concessions has the president made ? He 's trying to have a conversation & amp ; trying to denuclearize the Korean peninsula # SpecialReport https : //t.co/ubVaKoNEkD
MUST SEE : Tune in to @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey , Thursday at 6p ET on Fox News Channel . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/c21fGlOpjE
`` @ POTUS recognizes that people are playing politics with these nominations . '' — @ KellyannePolls on Secretary of State nominee Mike Pompeo # SpecialReport https : //t.co/jKoRNKwqTk https : //t.co/UVTLXFLaew
. @ KellyannePolls on VA Secretary nominee : `` Dr. Jackson 's made clear that he wants to fight . We can not allow anyone to be criticized and vetted and concluded upon in the press or just through allegations . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/pX2A9jj4KY https : //t.co/wjCKdwZkfe
. @ RahmEmanuel Throws Cold Water on @ RepMaxineWaters ' # Trump Impeachment Demand # TheFive https : //t.co/WIHIE9WIJ7
NEW FOX NEWS POLL : Three top-tier candidates in West Virginia GOP Senate Primary https : //t.co/P4XQiftn41
INCREDIBLE : This @ LAPDHQ police officer makes a court-length shot with his back facing the basket . https : //t.co/GwvYfjRQS8
Baby giraffe escapes Indiana zoo enclosure , leads staff on wild chase https : //t.co/TRfdVX7m9I
'New California ' and other US territories fighting to become the 51st state https : //t.co/2vgh4hIDwS
. @ KatiePavlich on Michael Cohen : “ We have not seen an indictment , we haven ’ t seen charges , we have seen no connection in terms of Russian meddling or collusion… ” # TheFive https : //t.co/8EkUSIzDcr
VA nominee Jackson was 'unprofessional ' in power struggle with rival , 2012 watchdog report says https : //t.co/nq2o3E78Je
RT @ FoxBusiness : RECALL ALERT : @ Audi is recalling about 391,000 vehicles in the U.S. and Canada and 1.2 million globally . https : //t.co/yTLO…
'Real Indian ' running against Sen. Elizabeth Warren sues after city tells him to stop calling her 'Fake Indian ' https : //t.co/FWRByOEvpB
. @ SenJohnBarrasso : `` I think border security is national security . We want to make sure we have integrity at the border and people trying to get in illegally need to be stopped . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/msHVL0iXa4 https : //t.co/mw2NnFiZF4
'Smallville ' actress Allison Mack 's bail set at $ 5 million in NXIVM case https : //t.co/VljuAy9m5f
Waffle House shooting hero crowdfunds thousands for victims ' families https : //t.co/foORMXLAIt
Monkey ca n't own the copyright to its famous selfie , appeals court rules https : //t.co/6dxk5WttvK
. @ GovHowardDean Faces Backlash Over Tweet on Neo-Nazis & amp ; Trump Voters https : //t.co/xuNBI9187n
. @ BillCassidy : `` Ultimately we need a good leader for the @ DeptVetAffairs , one who serves the veterans as patients . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/1tLfSuQIPU https : //t.co/hnXFxP0q7M
Calexit gets the go-ahead to start collecting signatures https : //t.co/icQ41rU58m
Sorority grants World War II vet 's final wish to dance with a beautiful woman https : //t.co/xzbVUCaxlA
Florida sheriff takes zero-tolerance approach to school threats , arrests almost 30 students in 2 months https : //t.co/WUvAa6WQ45
TONIGHT : @ KellyannePolls talks to @ BretBaier on # SpecialReport . Tune in to Fox News Channel at 6p ET . https : //t.co/U2Ej3GV3Sb
Paul Manafort charged with conspiracy against the U.S. , money laundering , and failing to register as a foreign agent . Catherine Herridge reports . https : //t.co/tkdmGWFIY1
# Trump on North Korea Summit : They Must 'Get Rid of Their Nukes ' https : //t.co/2h0tfFUg88
Alfie Evans ' family loses appeal to transport terminally ill British toddler to Rome https : //t.co/tec8epHi2w
BREAKING : An F-16 fighter jet has crash-landed in Arizona https : //t.co/0l292j0ova
Toronto police provide an update on the investigation into yesterday 's incident where a driver ran down pedestrians . https : //t.co/daqOTUMZkj
Sheriff provides updated on the investigation into Waffle House shooting . https : //t.co/DTxXyKoxCD
Toronto van attack suspect praised 'incel rebellion ' for sexually-frustrated men just before deadly rampage https : //t.co/64dhZqgXro
Broward sheriff 's deputies cowered behind cars , tree with Parkland shooter believed in school , report says ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/PACnF58wUZ
RT @ FoxBusiness : MARKET SELLOFF : The Dow Jones Industrial Average is tumbling as surging bond yields sent investors stampeding out of equit…
. @ VP Pence hosts a State Luncheon for French President @ EmmanuelMacron . https : //t.co/8opiyEskZ4
Moments ago , @ POTUS addressed immigration at a joint news conference with French President @ EmmanuelMacron . https : //t.co/y6CcsxypGc
Trump says embattled VA pick Ronny Jackson 'making a decision ' on future : 'I would n't do it'- via @ JuddBerger
https : //t.co/7PqTGMbpMS
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ POTUS : `` I want to see denuclearization of North Korea . A lot of concessions have already been made . We have made no conc…
“ The Democrats have become obstructionists. ” – @ POTUS takes questions during joint news conference with French president https : //t.co/gCaGUzRONt
The State Dining Room at the @ WhiteHouse is set for the first State Dinner that @ POTUS will host as president with French President @ EmmanuelMacron . https : //t.co/SJ3BpXmm88 https : //t.co/9L2fQRmvMj
. @ POTUS on Syria : “ We ’ re going to be coming home relatively soon…We want to leave a strong and lasting footprint. ” https : //t.co/n814ey79UA
. @ POTUS : “ I want to see denuclearization of North Korea. ” https : //t.co/RABSLc2tvB
. @ EmmanuelMacron delivers remarks at joint news conference with @ POTUS https : //t.co/7ZPZU5pTV9
. @ POTUS : “ I hope that we will be able to deal in a very open and honorable fashion with North Korea. ” https : //t.co/qOa8JLt6ae
. @ POTUS : “ The United States is setting records in business and we will continue. ” https : //t.co/7i2z6W3gVe
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ POTUS : `` Two weeks ago ... the United States , France , and the United Kingdom joined together to strike at the heart of the…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ POTUS : `` I will soon be meeting with Kim Jong Un as we seek a future of peace , harmony , and security for the whole Korean…
. @ POTUS : “ In the United States , we are taking strong action to regain control over our borders and over our sovereignty…We ’ re going to stop illegal immigration. ” https : //t.co/nBptT7Lkvy
. @ POTUS : “ We will do what we must to protect our countries. ” https : //t.co/CGPcNsinpz
. @ POTUS : “ France and the United States also agree that Iran can not be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon and that regime must end its support of terrorism. ” https : //t.co/bCytNo9CMZ
. @ POTUS on North Korean regime : “ The United States and France are also cooperating to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons. ” https : //t.co/EKRgREDHZG
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ POTUS : `` We 're thrilled that the first official state visit of my presidency is not only with a great friend , but a great…
. @ POTUS hosts joint news conference with French President @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/oGPcp97Nk2
. @ POTUS holds a joint news conference with French President @ EmmanuelMacron . https : //t.co/6PwYPOw8yw
Petition to fire Fresno State professor attracts 10,000 signatures https : //t.co/eyBJ5qgHWC
Man jailed after giving middle finger to speed camera https : //t.co/qpgVOMtqG8
The White House state dinner : Diplomacy through flowers , food and fun https : //t.co/HQL0OT8lpE
VA secretary pick Ronny Jackson ’ s confirmation hearing delayed , amid conduct questions https : //t.co/9oujHPAWua
. @ POTUS : “ I think we have a chance of doing something very special , with respect to North Korea . Good for them , good for us , good for everybody. ” https : //t.co/ZeZWteqqhZ
. @ POTUS : “ Very good numbers are coming out on our businesses. ” https : //t.co/ybnfIA5Pri
. @ POTUS : “ We talked about Iran , we talked about Syria. ” https : //t.co/wH1jHdXrO9
15 states push back on California cities ' climate change suit https : //t.co/1yxSihhkSz
Trump poised for major makeover of liberal 9th Circuit court https : //t.co/VKtt8Y5U21
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ RandPaul explains why he is now backing Pompeo : `` I wanted [ @ POTUS ] to be surrounded by advisers who also agree with the…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ RandPaul : `` I disagree with those people who say ... 'we 've got to give a blank check to the military . ' I think it 's actua…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ RandPaul on 'penny plan : ' `` It does n't cut all of one program . It cuts one percent of every program ... We will force a vo…
Trump warns Iran on nuclear program , as Macron aims to preserve pact - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/UKUsrdGNpG
Cher admits she went 'too far ' with latest Trump dig https : //t.co/TNo8are1J8
. @ POTUS : “ The Iran deal is a terrible deal. ” https : //t.co/ABHWDJJN7p
. @ EmmanuelMacron : “ I want to thank President Trump and your country , your people for this very warm welcome. ” https : //t.co/Z3lTGveKCZ
. @ SenatorTimScott : “ We certainly can not be the world ’ s police force. ” https : //t.co/OSHSeSgo7S
Trump welcomes French President Macron at White House during a 'critical time for alliance ' - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/YYw4sanZOi
. @ marcorubio : “ I think the Iran deal is a bad deal. ” https : //t.co/1TlBa9IrL4
Angry Goose Attacks High School Golfer , Knocks Him to Ground https : //t.co/jTdlAPyg7a
. @ MittRomney taunts @ NBA star @ russwest44 at @ okcthunder- @ utahjazz playoff game https : //t.co/jZflomEU5s
. @ ChrisCoons ' bipartisan gesture during Pompeo panel brings colleague to tears https : //t.co/CjbsT1kis8
JUST IN : Toronto van attack driver charged with first-degree murder https : //t.co/xTc5vATvlG
. @ RealCandaceO on Praise From @ kanyewest : The Left 'Will Not Allow Him to Think Differently ' https : //t.co/RO4XDfAEVg
Waffle House Hero Went to Sunday Mass With Family Hours After Stopping Rampage https : //t.co/1alF6jwTqy
Waffle House shooting suspect 's father could face federal charges , official says ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/KmJsnMGix3
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS Welcome French President @ EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Macron to the @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/PPt1VsfanD
. @ POTUS : “ President Macron , people of France , people of America , now is the time for strength . So let us be strong , let us be united. ” https : //t.co/VUhAusVdeG
. @ POTUS : “ This morning we all send our prayers to the Bush family as we wish former President George H.W . Bush a speedy recovery. ” https : //t.co/cYkGx2VBIm
. @ POTUS : “ The wonderful friendship we have developed over the past year is a testament to the enduring friendship that binds our two nations. ” https : //t.co/XdsJzK0Y3D
. @ POTUS : “ President Macron , Mrs. Macron , members of the French delegation and distinguished guests , welcome to the White House. ” https : //t.co/EUT5ZATy2P
“ The Star Spangled Banner ” is played at the @ WhiteHouse as @ POTUS welcomes French President @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/2qgLo2t0aC
The French national anthem is played at the @ WhiteHouse as @ POTUS welcomes French President @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/g9ZIupWlij
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS Welcome French President @ EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Macron to the @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/zVwAJAAmoy
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS Welcome the Macrons for Their First Formal State Visit https : //t.co/NnvUyY10X9
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS participate in the arrival ceremony of French President @ EmmanuelMacron and Mrs. Macron . https : //t.co/yL6wkqzRD3
Awaiting welcome ceremony for @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/nN2vtJaql1
Man Uses 'Cat Mop ' to Clean the Floor https : //t.co/RLVIVV1Uw2
OPINION : @ toddstarnes : The Bible gets a bad review from GQ Magazine -- Although it 's the bestselling book in history https : //t.co/bBgwFixJ2P
Louisiana teens stop basketball game , kneel 'out of honor ' for passing funeral procession https : //t.co/Lmjw2LCNkr
No one home ? Amazon can now deliver packages to your car https : //t.co/sSkey27z7Y
“ It just made sense for me to go to church . ”

James Shaw , Jr. recalls the Waffle House shooting and his experience in the aftermath . https : //t.co/STgTS9WDOA @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/5S7Lp110hQ
. @ Scaramucci on unemployment hitting new low : “ The president ’ s tax reform is actually unleashing that cash and it ’ s getting deployed into the marketplace ... and that means more jobs , more growth , more investment capital. ” @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/9m9T6bgduF
. @ Scaramucci on @ POTUS : “ I think he ’ s surprising these European leaders…He can operate in a world of that intellectual elitism , but he also understands the common decency of the American people. ” @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/C7FbludZRE
The State Dining Room at the @ WhiteHouse is set for the first State Dinner that @ POTUS will host as president with French President @ EmmanuelMacron . https : //t.co/SJ3BpXDXwI https : //t.co/OVjKogOIBH
. @ SenCoryGardner on Pompeo : `` This isn ’ t about whether or not you ’ re going to see eye to eye with President Trump ’ s nominee on policy…This is about making sure that the nominee is fit to serve. ” https : //t.co/sKIVda6U2G @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/yI5syUxGBn
Former president George H.W . Bush hospitalized https : //t.co/XIpDYfTKF1 https : //t.co/t3H79VNdV9
. @ POTUS hosts state dinner for @ EmmanuelMacron tonight https : //t.co/SJ3BpXDXwI https : //t.co/uw1sR2Getu
OPINION : Supreme Court and the Trump travel ban case : What 's really at stake is our country 's future https : //t.co/BC4E1Kh5vF
. @ RealCandaceO : `` That 's exactly the idea that the left has— once you say something you must always stick to it . You ca n't form your opinions over time . '' https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/1JrlaZyyMB
. @ RealCandaceO : `` I do n't believe that because I have a certain skin tone that I absolutely have to subscribe to all of these ideas , which on paper , do not make any sense whatsoever . '' https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/gKhHSQYP9y
From the ashes of a historic fire , a musician finds her voice in a 'One Girl Town ' https : //t.co/71u6BWfGez
OPINION : Mike Pompeo will be a great secretary of state ( no matter what Democrats say ) https : //t.co/wMmeE3Mrxi
Stuart Varney : `` The # Trump economy is a fully employed economy and expanding fast . '' https : //t.co/DH8i7N5HvB
Retired Green Beret Gregory Stube : `` I 'm still interested in what I can do for my country , and all I keep hearing from the left is what my country should do for me . '' https : //t.co/HR2U3CrXn5 https : //t.co/raI4OtjAkb
Andrew Puzder : `` The left is really , really out there to ... stop this president no matter what they have to do . '' https : //t.co/4Te5E57Frr
World waiting on name of royal baby https : //t.co/mjKzESoAPX https : //t.co/yReP2cEKtl
Royal baby excitement : Couples pose for paparazzi pics as they leave Kate Middelton 's hospital https : //t.co/ORyMSIQOrn
Aly Raisman slams 'Dateline ' special on Larry Nassar , claims NBC 'omitted ' key part of her interview https : //t.co/WKDWJlWDNl
Where your tax dollars go after you pay the IRS https : //t.co/uvkJNWYDVK
George Rodriguez : `` Immigration is not a racial issue and it 's not an ethnic issue . '' https : //t.co/iPUGLmglPI https : //t.co/Zku6yIjXmC
Seattle Seahawks ' coach says team open to signing Colin Kaepernick https : //t.co/CjorjvfsY3
Secretary of Veterans Affairs nominee Ronny Jackson facing misconduct allegations https : //t.co/5sBFVFEJdC
NYPD working to prevent drone attacks https : //t.co/e3LhauRz1e
. @ LawrenceBJones3 : `` Professors now have this agenda . I think they 're trying to create this army of young people that believe the same radical viewpoints as them . '' https : //t.co/eyBJ5qgHWC https : //t.co/tYZrlvI23N
'Real Indian ' running against Sen. Elizabeth Warren sues after city tells him to stop calling her 'Fake Indian ' https : //t.co/C3E7pOPmMk
Lester Munson : `` Mike Pompeo is incredibly well-qualified , the president wants him , he has an unblemished record in public life . There 's no reason not to confirm him . '' https : //t.co/CjbsT1kis8 https : //t.co/2ftPBkj3oW
Migrant 'caravan ' approaching United States https : //t.co/iPUGLmglPI https : //t.co/ErZaZnn4HF
Goodlatte , Gowdy say they struck deal with DOJ for Hillary # Clinton probe documents https : //t.co/IDFvMNJCyY
Gronk 's namesake horse to miss Kentucky Derby because of infection https : //t.co/Pq17lQXCLX
Iran promises 'severe consequences ' if US backs out of nuclear deal https : //t.co/gRWEfDgAEK
James Shaw , the hero who wrestled the gun away from a shooter at a Tennessee @ WaffleHouse , talks about the moment the shooting occurred . https : //t.co/pSwbP4zNBa https : //t.co/sT8XgkU6d9
`` When I saw my window of opportunity , I kind of just took it , and it worked out for me . ''

James Shaw has been hailed a hero after he wrestled the gun away from a shooter at a Tennessee @ WaffleHouse . https : //t.co/pSwbP4zNBa https : //t.co/loC4mjP099
Senator @ ChrisCoons ' bipartisan gesture during Pompeo panel brings @ SenBobCorker to tears https : //t.co/CjbsT1kis8 https : //t.co/RelI9kBonb
On # Hannity , Former @ WhiteHouse Press Secretary @ seanspicer praised President @ realDonaldTrump and the potential summit between leaders of the United States and North Korea , stating that `` this is what actual results look like . '' https : //t.co/tuvIWVsEyy
. @ dcexaminer reporter Steve Nelson : `` President @ realDonaldTrump ... is willing to stick to his guns on other issues with other world leaders , despite having warm , personal relationships . '' https : //t.co/XDeRPVlG6h
Police chief admits cops should 've acted before homeless man fatally stabbed father at Calif. steakhouse https : //t.co/RM4jXUoQuj
President @ realDonaldTrump hosts bilateral meeting with French President @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/b6NblRTpiw https : //t.co/2opKfwJ5jp
Former President George H.W . Bush recovering after hospitalized one day after wife Barbara 's funeral , spokesman says https : //t.co/xfuQuEoXwN https : //t.co/Hntft9hrUN
Toronto van crash suspect ID 'd as police wo n't rule out terror possibility https : //t.co/ASfd5HieTl
Accused @ WaffleHouse shooter arrested https : //t.co/1UZKwsCIyP https : //t.co/ixDADvZgfd
During a briefing , @ WhiteHouse @ PressSec Sarah Sanders spoke about border security , stating that `` we are committed to doing everything we can on the border to secure our nation . '' https : //t.co/msHVL01lLu https : //t.co/6dhNp7VuBG
People sign a memorial after a driver plowed into a crowd on a Toronto street Monday afternoon , killing 10 and injuring 15 others . https : //t.co/LxVVeLhOjT https : //t.co/MFoGJ7XAm4
. @ GeorgeHWBush wore book socks made by @ JohnsCrazySocks to honor his late wife Barbara https : //t.co/179EMgRPSu https : //t.co/xqXzMvtPGt
'God Bless This Patriot ' : @ dbongino Praises Waffle House Patron Who Snatched Shooter 's Gun https : //t.co/EG8kBO9g43
. @ Jim_Jordan on James @ Comey : “ I think all throughout this process , he has been wrong. ” https : //t.co/b9NlfeIYFK
. @ greggutfeld on the @ kanyewest tweets https : //t.co/yGiFQ12FN5
. @ KatiePavlich : “ On the issue of diplomacy , Mike Pompeo has essentially already done the job of secretary of state by going over and meeting with Kim Jong Un. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/5Zl9kZmH8D
Petition to fire Fresno State professor attracts 10,000 signatures https : //t.co/eyBJ5qgHWC
HARROWING RESCUE : Two passing motorists jumped into action to help save a woman whose car was sinking . https : //t.co/mZBOAUpnCB https : //t.co/mc9cZooqQp
NO FOWL PLAY : Officers from the California Highway Patrol led a family of geese to safety after two adult geese and their chicks were found on San Francisco ’ s Bay Bridge . CHP closed one lane of the bridge for several miles so the geese could safely arrive at Treasure Island . https : //t.co/LzurAA5Vm7
Beverly Hallberg : `` If we do get North Korea to say , 'We 're going to stop our missile testing , we 're going to stop our nuclear program , ' that is a huge victory for the Trump administration , and everybody should be praising him . '' https : //t.co/gbG9GKA1sp
Coons ' bipartisan gesture during Pompeo panel brings colleague to tears https : //t.co/CjbsT12H3y
. @ MonicaCrowley : `` The American people are not talking about ... Russia , they 're not talking about Bob Mueller . They 're not talking about this insane , never-ending investigation . '' # IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/KMQcLH5EvB
12-year-old boy steals family credit card to book Bali vacation after fight with his mom https : //t.co/dlhoJ9jJn7
. @ RandPaul : “ @ POTUS shares with me that we need to build some things at home . We need to build some bridges and some roads at home . We can ’ t keep spending $ 50 billion a year in Afghanistan. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/LZ9vy60iA8
Abandoned puppy with mouth tied shut finds new home https : //t.co/Rn8rvz9v39
. @ IngrahamAngle : `` More than a year into @ POTUS ' first term , you 'd think that all the Republicans would understand that the only way forward is to unify behind his agenda . '' https : //t.co/k0rCvbhrBC
Verne Troyer reportedly had 3 times the legal limit of alcohol in his system at the time of his death https : //t.co/gwQ6qem07j
Kate Middleton , Prince William leave hospital after welcoming baby boy https : //t.co/JnzMHHvBMB https : //t.co/NUQZmYOJbt
Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement Monday saying he has ordered new actions to `` adjudicate any cases that may arise from this ‘ caravan ’ '' that has been traveling through Mexico toward the U.S. https : //t.co/msHVL0iXa4 https : //t.co/CgvRxZd081
. @ MarkSteynOnline : `` There 's no point being the wealthiest person , most successful celebrity , a household name ... if you ca n't issue a seven-word tweet without people demanding that you withdraw it . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/gp5QBmBLFt
Allison Mack 's bizarre blog details life in alleged sex cult : 'It seems like it has been a lifetime in here already ' https : //t.co/3a8O0cYZ96
. @ RandPaul : “ # Trump was probably the closest to me on foreign policy of any of the other 16 [ candidates ] running…I ’ ve always been an advocate and a supporter of @ POTUS on this , and I want to make sure the people around him share his vision. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/HCQdj7pM3K
President @ realDonaldTrump and @ FLOTUS Melania Trump , along with French President @ EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte Macron , plant a tree on the South Lawn of the @ WhiteHouse . The tree , a European Sessile Oak , was provided by the Macrons as a gift . https : //t.co/zQIWT2Cmdz
. @ seanspicer : “ When we actually get down to talking about what is happening , what has changed , I think @ POTUS has been extremely effective at following through on exactly what he said he was going to do as a candidate. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/lYqNu4gYks
Kate Middleton proudly held her new bundle of joy as she and Prince William left the hospital after welcoming a baby boy on Monday . https : //t.co/9rg4lzclZb https : //t.co/0CVq3G6n9r
Joe diGenova : `` There 's no way you ca n't charge Andrew McCabe . Remember , he 's a senior government official , senior law enforcement official , lied under oath three times according to the inspector general . No way he ca n't be charged . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/kChKBj94G9
Yeti calls @ NRA claims 'inaccurate ' says it has 'unwavering ' belief in Second Amendment https : //t.co/WzcdUDqXkV
. @ IngrahamAngle : `` # Trump should be perceived as a doer . He is ! A leader who will always defy and drain the swamp , will not be defeated by it . '' https : //t.co/004mXZbv70
Former Texas official slammed for asking biracial Harvard teen if he was admitted 'on merit or quota ' https : //t.co/Np54J0HqHA
. @ PressSec : “ A sovereign nation that can not defend its borders will no longer be a sovereign nation . The # Trump administration is committed to enforcing our immigration laws . '' https : //t.co/hliRnltW2w
San Francisco sports anchor reportedly sent home after allegedly stealing jacket at @ warriors practice https : //t.co/luiDjON108
. @ RandPaul : “ # Trump was probably the closest to me on foreign policy of any of the other 16 [ candidates ] running…I ’ ve always been an advocate and a supporter of @ POTUS on this , and I want to make sure the people around him share his vision. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/dhscIGtZ4u
. @ kanyewest professes 'love ' for @ realDonaldTrump , criticizes # Obama , radio host says https : //t.co/iw0481AVB3
. @ PressSec on Pompeo : “ A majority of Democrats continue their pointless obstruction to score cheap political points with their base as a willful attempt to undermine American diplomacy. ” https : //t.co/nfZSOOn35c
Jordan Peterson : 'You Need to Have Respect ' for Trump Supporters https : //t.co/kCghajHUwa
. @ RealCandaceO : “ When you go up against the left , this is what they do : they try to , essentially , say that you are not allowed to think differently. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/PMFPRH3ojY
Mike Pompeo recommended by Senate panel for secretary of state , barely avoiding committee rebuke https : //t.co/PwrlIFWOMj
HARROWING RESCUE : Two passing motorists jumped into action to help save a woman whose car was sinking . https : //t.co/mZBOAUpnCB https : //t.co/cM39rNyyYN
Canadian man dragged by the neck and lynched by Peruvian mob after being accused of shaman 's death https : //t.co/4zWCbIXcal
Gun-toting Georgia ex-cop foils attempted home ambush https : //t.co/nQQMnGZ4Qa
DHS boss threatens ‘ caravan ’ border-crossers with prosecution , detention , deportation https : //t.co/mtlEa0sYpC
. @ PressSec on Pompeo : “ A majority of Democrats continue their pointless obstruction to score cheap political points with their base as a willful attempt to undermine American diplomacy. ” https : //t.co/ZYRX9pDDle
'God Bless This Patriot ' : @ dbongino Praises Waffle House Patron Who Snatched Shooter 's Gun https : //t.co/EG8kBOqRsD
. @ RepGoodlatte , @ TGowdySC say they struck deal with DOJ for @ HillaryClinton probe documents
https : //t.co/x7wvZHjbcG
. @ RepChrisStewart : “ For more than a year , we ’ ve heard ‘ Collusion , collusion , collusion , ’ and then there ’ s virtually no evidence of that…If there ’ s no evidence of collusion , on what basis did you begin this investigation ? ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/PIGrTqeh1J
Louisiana teens stop basketball game , kneel 'out of honor ' for passing funeral procession
https : //t.co/zkzbrgDkUy
On Monday , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted his thoughts on Mexico 's immigration laws , saying the country needs to `` stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. '' https : //t.co/rqUR7VrjpX
. @ ianbremmer on North Korea strategy : `` Trump clearly deserves credit on this . I mean , it was the fact that he was willing to push hard that brought the Chinese to the table supporting U.S.-driven [ @ UN ] Security Council resolutions ... That concerned the North Koreans . '' https : //t.co/oh9lRoCGnK
Kyle Kashuv says school security questioned him for visiting gun range with his dad https : //t.co/jEMBdAQJpN
. @ hogangidley45 : `` A lot of people were worried about when # Trump took over as president that this town , Washington DC , would shape # DonaldTrump . The exact opposite has happened . Donald Trump has shaped this town . '' # IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/ni7aciujrO
. @ MonicaCrowley : `` The American people are not talking about ... Russia , they 're not talking about Bob Mueller . They 're not talking about this insane , never-ending investigation . '' # IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/Uqre8nP43f
. @ IngrahamAngle : `` # Trump should be perceived as a doer . He is ! A leader who will always defy and drain the swamp , will not be defeated by it . '' https : //t.co/GqZeI0DPxp
. @ IngrahamAngle : `` @ TheDemocrats ca n't even agree on a political strategy . @ TomPerez and the DNC are filing lawsuits while other prominent liberals are just shaking their heads . '' https : //t.co/dUFjltjmBL
. @ IngrahamAngle : `` More than a year into @ POTUS ' first term , you 'd think that all the Republicans would understand that the only way forward is to unify behind his agenda . '' https : //t.co/AF7p5e0jZX
KNIFE-WIELDING SEAL : A young monk seal dove under some rocks in Hawaii and emerged with a knife in its mouth . Experts who were monitoring the seal got quite a scare as they tried to get the knife away before the animal swallowed it . https : //t.co/NnMcjehqIB
. @ RealCandaceO : “ When you go up against the Left , this is what they do : they try to , essentially , say that you are not allowed to think differently. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/Dvb3hKb78W
. @ VP Mike Pence tweeted a message of support to the people of Canada after driver rammed a van into a crowd of pedestrians in Toronto Monday . At least ten people were killed . https : //t.co/LxVVeLhOjT https : //t.co/25QTu2oaVP
UPDATE : Florida girl , 4 , recuperating after 'inhaling ' pool water https : //t.co/iY5otB2oyw
Mistrial declared for Border Patrol agent accused of killing Mexican teen https : //t.co/A82Sxs2cYW
. @ seanspicer : “ When we actually get down to talking about what is happening , what has changed , I think @ POTUS has been extremely effective at following through on exactly what he said he was going to do as a candidate. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/aO0mM0EdwP
Goodlatte , Gowdy say they struck deal with DOJ for Hillary Clinton probe documents https : //t.co/x7wvZHjbcG
. @ MarkSteynOnline : `` There 's no point being the wealthiest person , most successful celebrity , a household name ... if you ca n't issue a seven-word tweet without people demanding that you withdraw it . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/habIyPyOX3
. @ RandPaul on Pompeo Vote : # Trump 'Reiterated He Shares My Vision ' on War # TheStory https : //t.co/THPXKJHtIY
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : # Toronto Van Crash Update :
•At least 10 dead , 15 injured
•Driver identified as 25-year-old male Alek Minassian
•Suspec…
Joe diGenova : `` There 's no way you ca n't charge Andrew McCabe . Remember , he 's a senior government official , senior law enforcement official , lied under oath three times according to the inspector general . No way he ca n't be charged . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/7LWrMjDfDW
JUST IN : Toronto van crash suspect ID 'd as police decline to rule out terror possibility https : //t.co/iKapRFy5jL
Colorado Supreme Court kicks GOP @ RepDLamborn off primary ballot https : //t.co/NlKS3DnkZ6
MUST SEE : Tune in to @ BretBaier 's interview with former FBI Director James @ Comey , Thursday at 6p ET on Fox News Channel . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/CELG0mJAdx
Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement Monday saying he has ordered new actions to `` adjudicate any cases that may arise from this ‘ caravan ’ '' that has been traveling through Mexico toward the U.S. https : //t.co/msHVL0iXa4 https : //t.co/FLZeYNHAgZ
Toronto Mayor @ JohnTory and @ TorontoPolice provide an update on the investigation into the van that plowed into a crowd Monday afternoon . https : //t.co/EVRvzBNT6c ( Courtesy : Global News ) https : //t.co/lMDk6Pdtzs
. @ JonahNRO : “ Increasingly , we ’ re retreating into our homes , we ’ re retreating from our communities that we live in , and we ’ re watching politics like it ’ s a form of entertainment , where we root for certain villains and we root for certain heroes. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/QDns7Xc7A4
12-year-old boy steals family credit card to book Bali vacation after fight with his mom https : //t.co/dlhoJ928vz
Florida girl , 4 , fighting for her life after drinking pool water https : //t.co/YRRHeGOB1B
Jordan Peterson : 'You Need to Have Respect ' for # Trump Supporters https : //t.co/kCghajqjEC
. @ LindseyGrahamSC : “ When it comes to Syria , we need to stay to protect America…You may be tired of fighting radical Islam , but they ’ re not tired of fighting you . I ’ d rather fight them in their backyard than ours. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/A8YtYHeklF
. @ RandPaul : “ @ POTUS shares with me that we need to build some things at home . We need to build some bridges and some roads at home . We can ’ t keep spending $ 50 billion a year in Afghanistan. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/2qRgsQwlJI
. @ RandPaul : “ # Trump was probably the closest to me on foreign policy of any of the other 16 [ candidates ] running…I ’ ve always been an advocate and a supporter of @ POTUS on this , and I want to make sure the people around him share his vision. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/sS8IOR5ySZ
BREAKING : Former President George H.W . Bush hospitalized after contracting infection , spokesman says https : //t.co/ROERqraeVr
OPINION : Mike Pompeo will be a great secretary of state ( no matter what Democrats say ) https : //t.co/Wn0FIQvitp
BREAKING : Senate panel votes to recommend Mike Pompeo for secretary of state after last-minute wrangling https : //t.co/rM2ZnKQ1EU
. @ greggutfeld on the @ kanyewest tweets https : //t.co/yZDGSgLTRX
Gun-toting Georgia ex-cop foils attempted home ambush https : //t.co/nQQMnHgGeK
Mattis optimistic about North Korea after stunning nuclear announcement https : //t.co/r89inTfdzt
Mike Pompeo likely avoiding committee rebuke , as Paul , Flake offer last-minute support https : //t.co/Fu19BVUjcm
Louisiana teens stop basketball game , kneel 'out of honor ' for passing funeral procession https : //t.co/zkzbrgDkUy
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS welcome French President @ EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte to The @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/OWExMh0Toy
. @ KatiePavlich : “ On the issue of diplomacy , Mike Pompeo has essentially already done the job of secretary of state by going over and meeting with Kim Jong Un. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/5ee4OMMICJ
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted after a van driver plowed into a group of people in Toronto today . He thanked first responders for their work . https : //t.co/C9p0lPAfhU https : //t.co/eo5nII3se3
Senate Foreign Relations Committee meets to consider nominations , including Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State . https : //t.co/kLxUOty165
BREAKING : At least 9 dead , 16 hurt after driver plows van into Toronto crowd https : //t.co/WG8u7P8Hvl
Peter Yuen , Toronto Police Deputy Chief : “ We can confirm for you tonight right now we have 9 people that are dead , 16 that are injured. ” https : //t.co/0HQrWteeqW
Toronto Mayor @ JohnTory : “ This is a time when this community should come together…I hope that we will , as a city , remind ourselves of the fact that we are admired around the world for being inclusive and for being accepting and understanding and considerate. ” https : //t.co/prHLH4n6HR
Toronto 's Mayor @ JohnTory and police officials provide an update on the van that plowed into a crowd of pedestrians . https : //t.co/C9p0lPAfhU https : //t.co/5NQHi73y6O
The latest details on a van plowing into multiple pedestrians in Toronto . Catherine Herridge reports . https : //t.co/70mAHUvFZJ
Kathleen Wynne , Premier of Ontario : “ I think we are all unsettled and very disturbed by a situation like this . I think it ’ s impossible not to be . It ’ s frightening. ” https : //t.co/USHks2f5gT
Van plows into crowd in Toronto , injuring several , driver in custody , cops say https : //t.co/z8olxseLow
Waffle House shooting suspect arrested , after cops say he stole BMW days before deadly rampage https : //t.co/JRVwqyF92Y
DHS boss threatens ‘ caravan ’ border-crossers with prosecution , detention , deportation - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/wRdFz7Yw9N
Nashville Mayor David Briley : “ I ’ d like to thank the Metropolitan Police Department and Chief Anderson for all their work over the last 36 hours . They ’ ve been relentless in searching for the shooter. ” https : //t.co/P9joaxP4Mc
Lt. Carlos Lara of the Metro Nashville Police Dept details how the Waffle House shooting suspect was apprehended by authorities . https : //t.co/eHYaSI4ajq
“ It was a nightmare . ”

Witness describes scene where van hit crowd https : //t.co/p9tqlIm2h9 https : //t.co/lyCnqnYzp7
Official : “ [ The suspect ] has been taken to General Hospital to be checked out , and then will be taken to the Nashville Jail , where he will be booked on 4 counts of criminal homicide. ” https : //t.co/BVz6n9hD6r
Police hold a news conference after taking the Waffle House shooting suspect into custody . https : //t.co/i2WeZozY07 ( Courtesy : WZTV ) https : //t.co/6hGzod9j4R
Witness describes scene where van hit crowd in Toronto https : //t.co/p9tqlIm2h9 https : //t.co/0uBAcvKjkv
JUST IN : This new photo shows Tennessee Waffle House shooting suspect Travis Reinking moments after he was taken into police custody . https : //t.co/i2WeZozY07 https : //t.co/vAoqERKPCL
Breaking News : Suspected driver who plowed into pedestrians in Toronto taken into custody , cops confirm to Fox News https : //t.co/x7p5YFZ1p1
Breaking News : Waffle House shooting suspect in custody , police say https : //t.co/1UZKwsCIyP
. @ PressSec : “ A sovereign nation that can not defend its borders will no longer be a sovereign nation . The Trump administration is committed to enforcing our immigration laws . '' https : //t.co/tcC3SKrCsZ
. @ PressSec on North Korea : “ Certainly the goal is denuclearization of the peninsula and we ’ re going to continue the maximum pressure campaign that has been ongoing. ” https : //t.co/nozVou1mEV
Breaking News : Several people injured when van plows into pedestrians in Toronto , cops say https : //t.co/7SmqUkvjSR
. @ PressSec on Waffle House shooting : “ The president offers his condolences to the victims and their families. ” https : //t.co/STgTS9WDOA https : //t.co/51NXfOIkSL
. @ PressSec on Pompeo : “ A majority of Democrats continue their pointless obstruction to score cheap political points with their base as a willful attempt to undermine American diplomacy. ” https : //t.co/24tSNFGzdO
. @ PressSec Sarah Sanders holds a briefing at the @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/YKSJ83XGCu
Kate Middleton proudly held her new bundle of joy as she and Prince William left the hospital after welcoming a baby boy on Monday . https : //t.co/9rg4lztXnL https : //t.co/EVGw479ZeR
JUST IN : Kate Middleton , Prince William leave hospital after welcoming baby boy https : //t.co/JnzMHHvBMB https : //t.co/G5um1Mq5uf
JUST IN : Alleged Waffle House shooter stole BMW , escaped after police chase days before deadly rampage , police say https : //t.co/1UZKwsCIyP
French President @ EmmanuelMacron arrives at Joint Base Andrews for Washington visit https : //t.co/x0LFPwAmuh
French President @ EmmanuelMacron arrives at Andrews Air Force Base for his state visit with @ POTUS . https : //t.co/MZnjQz4DuE
Prince William and Kate Present New Baby after Leaving Hospital https : //t.co/9rg4lztXnL https : //t.co/oMt30f843L
Dr. Oz films dramatic video of students fleeing bus engulfed in flames ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/9nojIk8rvq
Prince William and Kate Middleton , the Duchess of Cambridge , appear with their new baby boy outside St. Mary 's Hospital in London . # RoyalBaby https : //t.co/EaQKnUflig
Don Aaron : “ The law enforcement presence is continuing significantly . We would urge citizens… to also be vigilant. ” https : //t.co/TikKjoB5ni https : //t.co/rQERT1mAE2
Penn State calls 'outing club ' too risky , bans it from going outside https : //t.co/q0t1gQ0O4b
Prince William arrives at St. Mary ’ s Hospital with his children , Prince George and Princess Charlotte , to see their mother Kate , the Duchess of Cambridge , who just gave birth to their new little brother . https : //t.co/JvuioBdVXx # RoyalBaby https : //t.co/HjRlBDn4gu
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ harleydavidson to give free motorcycles to summer interns https : //t.co/AVyzptjPPQ
NRA blasts YETI after outdoor sports company cuts ties with gun group , report says https : //t.co/cqvOCgjv24
. @ Jim_Jordan : “ The relationship between Congress and the DOJ is not where it needs to be. ” https : //t.co/zF8yi4mEjt
. @ Jim_Jordan on James Comey : “ I think all throughout this process , he has been wrong. ” https : //t.co/sr85EmwT6f
Kate Middleton gives birth to baby boy https : //t.co/k3iAmxuadM # RoyalBaby https : //t.co/k3Wt90Jcd6
Pavlich Slams DNC 's Trump-Russia Lawsuit : 'They 're Desperate ' https : //t.co/fUH5YM2gnI
Gen. Jack Keane ( Ret ) : “ I think we should take some comfort in the fact that the administration is going into this clearly understanding who they ’ re dealing with. ” https : //t.co/UPOZhR620e https : //t.co/iSxsR478eU
'Fixer Upper ' carpenter gets his own show on DIY Network https : //t.co/qo90VnL4w8
A notice is placed on an easel announcing the birth of the new # royalbaby , in the forecourt of Buckingham Palace , in # London . https : //t.co/k3iAmxuadM https : //t.co/5tkkOcibFz
Trump says he has 'instructed ' DHS Secretary Nielsen not to let caravans into US : 'It is a disgrace ' - via @ brookefoxnews

https : //t.co/6YT0WPz7Mn
A notice is placed on an easel announcing the birth of the new # royalbaby , in the forecourt of Buckingham Palace , in # London . https : //t.co/k3iAmxuadM https : //t.co/E0tOXlGJ1q
Happy Birthday , @ USArmyReserve ! # USARBirthday110 https : //t.co/vY1YEOB1rS
NASA aircraft spots something in the Arctic that it ca n't explain and has `` never seen before . '' https : //t.co/IkNS4JXmuc
Waffle House shooting suspect thought Taylor Swift was stalking him , was arrested at White House ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/BimQuyVstG
Truck spills tons of fish onto farmer 's field https : //t.co/K2jvEMEOP8
Take a live look outside St. Mary 's Hospital where Kate Middleton , the Duchess of Cambridge , has given birth to a baby boy . # RoyalBaby https : //t.co/EaQKnUflig
Pompeo , Trump 's pick for secretary of state , faces tough battle for Senate confirmation - via @ K_Schallhorn
https : //t.co/YpxmOEaX0C
Waffle House shooting suspect thought Taylor Swift was stalking him , was arrested at White House https : //t.co/BimQuyVstG
Shania Twain apologizes for saying she would have voted for Trump despite his 'offensive ' comments https : //t.co/1z4O5jivxb
Kate Middleton and Prince William welcome # royalbaby No . 3 : Everything we know https : //t.co/pO0BP1egPy
. @ GeorgeHWBush wore book socks made by @ JohnsCrazySocks to honor his late wife Barbara https : //t.co/179EMgRPSu https : //t.co/7HmFL5N1bD
Barbara Bush gravesite opens today https : //t.co/Zi4iYwD1tP
. @ SBALinda on tax cuts : “ Small businesses around the country are the ones who are really benefitting from this. ” https : //t.co/7L3upgOAjw
'God Bless This Patriot ' : @ dbongino Praises Waffle House Patron Who Snatched Shooter 's Gun https : //t.co/EG8kBOqRsD
Kate Middleton , Prince William welcome baby boy https : //t.co/9rg4lztXnL https : //t.co/wN8Iw3mTqy
BREAKING NEWS : Kate Middleton welcomes baby boy , her third child with Prince William , Kensington Palace announces https : //t.co/9rg4lztXnL https : //t.co/JWPysGzvZm
Tom Arnold goes on tirade against conservative commentator Candace Owens ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/bWlg99UgiS
Dog stays with lost 3-year-old girl overnight , leads rescuers to her https : //t.co/2hZ8U29CTn
. @ PressSec : “ At some points Democrats have to decide whether they love this country more than they hate this president. ” https : //t.co/gVQPfDSZ0B
. @ PressSec : “ This is our country ’ s oldest ally and they ’ ve been a great partner . The president and President Macron have had a great relationship since the very beginning. ” https : //t.co/6JFXAK4q7y
Jonathan Turley on James @ Comey : “ He is a leaker and he did improperly remove FBI material and gave it to the media. ” https : //t.co/4rzNLsQ2y7
North Korea 's nuclear announcement is clearly a publicity stunt , US lawmakers say https : //t.co/E8ny4OypCD
Britain 's Duchess of Cambridge in labor with third child https : //t.co/rr9Z6EAq72 https : //t.co/4RkH8BNqwu
. @ penn_state Bans ‘ The Outing Club ’ from Going Outside https : //t.co/DcjjMTqu5M
Shania Twain says she would have voted for Trump despite his offensive comments https : //t.co/vOLH2Qz0fA
Tom Arnold goes on tirade against conservative commentator Candace Owens https : //t.co/bWlg99UgiS
Suspect in Paris terror attack guilty of attempted murder in Brussels shootout https : //t.co/vO5FqGV9Po
Dog walkers gather to remember former first lady Barbara Bush at a beach in Kennebunk , Maine . The former first lady loved to walk her dogs and chat with the locals during visits to Maine . https : //t.co/HASp6AUWO4
President @ realDonaldTrump hosting @ EmmanuelMacron at @ WhiteHouse today https : //t.co/KgkSDkQFOv
Woman fined $ 500 for saving free Delta Air Lines snack https : //t.co/sQJUUJKaWa
‘ It ’ s a Shame ’ : GQ Magazine Puts the Bible on List of Most Overrated Books Ever https : //t.co/B0OYzKd3UI
Britain 's Duchess of Cambridge in labor with third child https : //t.co/JnzMHHvBMB https : //t.co/DjWAHZDom8
Gravesite for Barbara Bush Opens to Public Today https : //t.co/dPa3V4VjRu
Waffle House patron , 29 , hailed a hero after snatching gun from shooter https : //t.co/pSwbP4zNBa
‘ Intended to Be a Joke ' : Ex-NFL Kicker Sparks Outrage After Holding Gun in Daughter 's Prom Photo https : //t.co/QRrkhoYf3d
Military vet sets out to make world 's strongest bullet-proof vest https : //t.co/SkiURbdSwY https : //t.co/lx7HypyVYw
. @ Uncle_Jimbo : “ Before we even hold this summit , the North Koreans should release the American citizens that they ’ re holding prisoner. ” https : //t.co/c0ynCRmMGx
. @ Uncle_Jimbo : `` There ’ s no reason to be giving anything up until we ’ ve actually seen some concrete action from the North Koreans . '' https : //t.co/7MLJguhbHS
Professor who tweeted anti-Barbara Bush comment applauded at arts festival https : //t.co/o1gxK4fuD8
. @ MustafaTameez : `` Mike Pompeo is a weak nominee , and that 's why you 've got a problem . '' https : //t.co/Eo2hdDuVmr https : //t.co/StyHobzZau
Britain 's Prince Harry , center , poses with Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya , left , and Vivian Cheruiyot of Kenya , right , the winners of the men 's and women 's races in the London Marathon in London , Sunday , April 22 , 2018. https : //t.co/5AyPvBl8IW
On @ foxandfriends , @ RealCandaceO said that the left does not want African Americans to focus on their future , but instead on their past . https : //t.co/GZasZYfhM1 https : //t.co/hI0yjhFyjb
. @ seanspicer : `` @ Comey went into this , I think , largely with the image of the Boy Scout ... There 's definitely now a lot more questions than there were . '' https : //t.co/Vs4rp1ykXd
Beverly Hallberg : `` If we do get North Korea to say , 'We 're going to stop our missile testing , we 're going to stop our nuclear program , ' that is a huge victory for the Trump administration , and everybody should be praising him . '' https : //t.co/kOkpyjVJXw
On @ foxandfriends , @ KellyannePolls discussed President @ realDonaldTrump 's progress in denuclearizing North Korea . https : //t.co/Ijjlnh7yBn https : //t.co/O4GgjqqoXM
Romney will 'wait and see ' whether to support Trump in 2020 https : //t.co/Ma6R5DSttK
On `` Sunday Morning Futures , '' @ RepDeSantis discussed news of 11 House Republicans sending a criminal referral to the Justice Department and FBI seeking an investigation into James @ Comey , Andrew McCabe , @ AGLynch , and @ HillaryClinton . https : //t.co/71zYiR9ykF https : //t.co/qWtc9pUXgc
Manhunt intensifies for Waffle House shooting suspect https : //t.co/JfsTZuK3Qo https : //t.co/PKbDPXjSUY
Feinstein denies bowing to left-wing pressure on Trump 's CIA nominee https : //t.co/Ct5F6j2Rkg
Nashville schools on 'lock-out ' mode as manhunt intensifies for Waffle House shooting suspect https : //t.co/JfsTZuK3Qo
JUST IN : Britain 's Duchess of Cambridge in labor with third child https : //t.co/rr9Z6EAq72
NO FOWL PLAY : Officers from the California Highway Patrol led a family of geese to safety after two adult geese and their chicks were found on San Francisco ’ s Bay Bridge . CHP closed one lane of the bridge for several miles so the geese could safely arrive at Treasure Island . https : //t.co/RmnPI1re5b
. @ PhilippeReines : `` I would love , just as an experiment , for @ realDonaldTrump to go , say , a week without tweeting at all , just to see how everyone else would react . '' https : //t.co/9HZmpDg3aQ
. @ RealDeanCain : `` The scales of justice are supposed to be equal . Well , they 're clearly not . There are rules for one group and there are rules for the rest of us . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/rM9wVAjEqS
Woman fined $ 500 for saving free Delta Air Lines snack https : //t.co/sQJUUK1LNI
. @ JudgeJeanine : `` Jim , it 's so obvious ; you 're fired and you 're mad . You 're a liar and you 're a leaker . You 're pompous , you 're egotistical , you 're condescending , and you violate the very laws that you 're sworn to uphold because you want to make news . '' https : //t.co/xui1dH4Z5c
Moments ago , @ KensingtonRoyal tweeted that the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton `` was admitted to St. Mary 's Hospital ... in the early stages '' of labor . https : //t.co/dUJVYGJTg5
'Tyrannical ' judge told 'not to return ' after she berates defendant who died three days later https : //t.co/fTQs3YcXyZ
. @ Jim_Jordan : “ If and when there is a race for speaker , I ’ ve been encouraged by colleagues to consider that. ” https : //t.co/aMRDPnyh4n
. @ MZHemingway : `` [ @ POTUS ] supported NATO expansion . He made NATO countries increase their defenses against Russia . He did missile defense in Poland . He 's bombing Syria quite a bit . He attacked Russian mercenaries . '' https : //t.co/MlPQphzFCh
# Trump to tell Kim no economic sanctions relief without denuclearization : report https : //t.co/mrWoSIhem6
. @ dbongino : `` Jim @ Comey needs to be held to account ... Jim Comey is not a good guy . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/G5XmhEvsau
Yesterday , President @ realDonaldTrump mocked pundits who he says are trying to teach him how to make a deal with North Korea . https : //t.co/XwqwRycyIa https : //t.co/QVzW4gjPTH
. @ Scaramucci : `` The president does n't think he 's superior to anybody . All the president is trying to do is be a patriotic American and make very smart decisions on behalf of all the American people . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/HMk2dVi5Xj
Ex-NFL kicker @ jayfeely says prom date photo with gun 'intended to be a joke ' https : //t.co/M5aAigwlX5
. @ TomiLahren : `` I 'm a woman ; I voted for President @ realDonaldTrump and I could n't be happier . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/rkLvfgJbuf
Syracuse University permanently expels fraternity over 'anti-Semitic ' video https : //t.co/q0dYTjcj3z
Frank Siller , @ Tunnel2Towers : `` There 's been a false narrative out there for so many years about police officers all across the country . '' https : //t.co/QZ2DGB1Hsa
Prom was the night of a lifetime for 18-year-old Lindsey Preston , an Alabama teen with Down syndrome . She was escorted by San Francisco @ 49ers defensive lineman Don Jones to a Mardi Gras-themed prom at Lawrence County High School . https : //t.co/RYl10yyvnm https : //t.co/FrdKSfg0Us
James Shaw Jr. was dining at the Waffle House in Antioch when alleged gunman Travis Reinking opened fire outside the restaurant . Shaw said at a news conference that he felt he had the opportunity to potentially stop the attack during the hail of bullets . https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/iL3rwbVowK
. @ hogangidley45 on James @ Comey : `` The head of the @ FBI using politics , poll numbers and personal bias to do his job— the American people should be outraged and it 's dangerous for us as American citizens when someone behaves this way . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/CJzBN3uEvR
. @ KellyannePolls : “ The president has made very clear that if the conditions are right… that perhaps a deal can be made. ” https : //t.co/S7rJmtsui0
A military aide carries a briefcase containing codes for the nuclear arsenal following President @ realDonaldTrump upon his return to the @ WhiteHouse on Sunday . https : //t.co/Kvr0WfO7QA
Texas A & amp ; M University held the century-old Muster , an annual event to honor Aggies who have passed away in the last year . Although she will be formally recognized at the 2019 Muster , former First Lady Barbara Bush , an `` honorary Aggie , '' was remembered . https : //t.co/r9zrh7berh
On @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx said `` too many people [ in Washington , D.C. ] still seem to think it 's business as usual '' and urged President @ realDonaldTrump to `` show them they 're wrong '' by draining `` that swamp . '' https : //t.co/LlUBwYKvRU
. @ MZHemingway : `` The fact that there was nothing in these memos is actually the most important thing , because they were selectively leaked to launch a special counsel . That there was nothing in there to justify the special counsel , is huge news . '' https : //t.co/U5v9Dk0q4z
. @ ChuckGrassley : `` We 've got a president that has come to town to drain the swamp . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/xTCH1ROpkE
On Twitter yesterday , President @ realDonaldTrump issued a four-word statement : `` A complete Witch Hunt ! '' https : //t.co/TzC1aVik92
A 93-year-old World War II veteran received the opportunity of a lifetime when he was able to take flight once more in a World War II-era B-17 bomber . https : //t.co/VbTor70ceo
On @ WattersWorld , former @ WhiteHouse Communications Director Anthony @ Scaramucci compared President @ realDonaldTrump to James @ Comey and @ HillaryClinton . He described both Comey and Clinton as individuals who `` think [ they 're ] superior to people . '' https : //t.co/mcujc9heLY
. @ RepDesantis : `` @ HillaryClinton 's campaign , they paid a law firm who then laundered the money to Fusion GPS who then paid a foreign national , Christopher Steele , who then colluded with Russians to create this anti-Trump dossier . '' https : //t.co/wSKju9K4p3
Florida authorities use dead man 's finger in attempt to unlock phone https : //t.co/MHbrQrhRoH
James Shaw on tackling Waffle House shooter : `` I 'm pretty sure he grazed my arm . And it was at that time that I kind of made up my mind ... that if it was going to come down to it , he was gon na have to work to kill me . '' https : //t.co/STgTS9WDOA https : //t.co/F7SJgmXpjG
On `` Justice , '' @ JudgeJeanine issued this message to former @ FBI Director James @ Comey . https : //t.co/AmCRzpGM1u
. @ RealCandaceO on # BlackLivesMatter : `` I believe that their ideas are poisonous . '' https : //t.co/GZasZYfhM1 https : //t.co/SjWXnzFXS8
. @ KellyannePolls : “ Denuclearizing the Korean peninsula benefits everyone. ” https : //t.co/JJZmvHaNJg
Former U.S. presidents and former U.S. first ladies @ laurawbush , George W. Bush , @ BillClinton , @ HillaryClinton , @ BarackObama , @ MichelleObama , and @ FLOTUS pose with former President George H.W . Bush at the funeral of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/K0uzjBCLVO https : //t.co/c3G7S27XOP
. @ SteveHiltonx : `` President @ realDonaldTrump 's 'drain the swamp ' agenda is vital . It helped him get elected and it 's a huge part of the change that needs to happen in Washington DC . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/Rs367s5gRa
On @ WattersWorld , @ StephenBaldwin7 compared `` what Republicans have fixed '' to `` what the Democrats have fixed '' in the past `` eight to ten years . '' https : //t.co/rLBrBVFrg5
Baby Kangaroo Takes His First Hops at Taronga Zoo https : //t.co/Ik2b1mnVev
Should @ Jim_Jordan succeed @ PRyan as Speaker of the House ? https : //t.co/Hl7rVQNBzC https : //t.co/SJOwMNIdwk
Firefighters made a terrifying rescue , cutting away branches to save a tree trimmer who was stuck in a palm tree . https : //t.co/dKqo6Otn28
Nabi Tajima , world 's oldest person , dies in Japan at 117 https : //t.co/QSMeJTh4r7 https : //t.co/beXefciofh
. @ RepTedYoho : `` I think you 're gon na see this web go back to @ Comey , McCabe ... @ HillaryClinton , Loretta Lynch and possibly President @ BarackObama . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/Lmz1ZlyJMf
OPINION : Facebook , Google and Twitter are at war with conservatives online -- it 's time to fight back https : //t.co/FzIm4gs6iD
. @ gabriellahope_ : `` This whole book tour has really backfired for Mr. @ Comey . He 's now facing questions and an internal probe at the DOJ over whether or not he did indeed leak classified information . '' # FoxReport https : //t.co/FMsVJvwVOJ https : //t.co/jl37Ou74RW
Saturday night , @ Kaepernick7 accepted the @ amnesty International Ambassador of Conscience Award , as the human rights organization acknowledged his kneeling protests of racial injustice that launched a sports movement . https : //t.co/Tx8FOOIYDh https : //t.co/BnsIRGlNWp
A bomb-sniffing dog named Lacy was given a retirement party after 8 years of service . https : //t.co/v8zHFGWD9x
. @ DevinNunes : `` Whatever the left accuses you of doing , they 're doing themselves . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/X8IXNgbdN4
Dog stays with lost 3-year-old girl overnight , leads rescuers to her https : //t.co/2hZ8U29CTn
. @ DevinNunes : `` We do know that longtime associates of @ HillaryClinton , including Sidney Blumenthal and another person named , I think , Cody Shearer , were actively giving information to the @ StateDept that was somehow making its way to the @ FBI . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/RB6VR00eLL
. @ ShaniaTwain says she would have voted for @ realDonaldTrump despite his offensive comments https : //t.co/Nl9n2XQJgY https : //t.co/SvXuscg0An
. @ CBedfordDC : `` Who is this mystery man from Pakistan ? '' https : //t.co/GgYaZRLTk4
On `` Sunday Morning Futures with @ MariaBartiromo , '' Rep. @ DevinNunes said the @ DNC lawsuit `` must be a joke . '' https : //t.co/0oED5L3yn1 https : //t.co/hCdcuyzfgi
. @ DevinNunes : `` Whatever the left accuses you of doing , they 're doing themselves . '' https : //t.co/ZDVzugoCY2
Man wearing 'Make America Great Again ' apparel accused of punching , throwing man onto NYC subway tracks , police say https : //t.co/HgRGXwQQnL
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I 'm here to serve my people in my country and make it great again , as somebody I know very well could say . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/dwwC3a0K3u
. @ RealCandaceO , communications director for @ TPUSA , said she believes an `` ideological civil war '' is happening with African-American people . https : //t.co/GZasZYfhM1 https : //t.co/9akjlRoEeh
`` Laura and I and our entire family are very grateful for people 's prayers and sympathies . ''

@ MariaBartiromo spoke to former Pres . George W. Bush and former First Lady @ laurawbush . https : //t.co/PFqTsncggN
. @ KristinDGaspar : `` We have a governor who 's rolling out the welcome mat for MS-13 gang members in the state of California . '' https : //t.co/1XokDbjbdR
Texas teen 's car stolen , totaled after he stops to help at crash scene https : //t.co/x2ZhiuNA9J
. @ KellyannePolls : `` The previous president received a Nobel Peace Prize less than 8 months on the job in part , if you go back and read the clips , in part for his work on nuclear disarmament . This president is actually getting it done . '' https : //t.co/UWvhZGXlTV
EMP Task Force Director Peter Pry : `` The difference between the # Trump administration and the # Obama administration is night and day . '' https : //t.co/lWz56oyG0S
At Sylvester Stallone 's urging , Trump weighs 'full pardon ' for boxer Jack Johnson https : //t.co/NY3yA7taak https : //t.co/F2vlIkaE11
EMP Task Force Director Peter Pry : `` We 're going to be in huge trouble if a nuclear EMP takes down the national grid . We 've got to do better . '' https : //t.co/zTHpRHjySn
CUNY professor files first lawsuit under new revenge porn law https : //t.co/inYGLwY7k3
Theft of $ 1.2M in fajitas results in 50-year prison sentence https : //t.co/26fEdtwEgQ
South Korea stops propaganda broadcasts ahead of North Korea summit https : //t.co/HJOUGk0OlC
EMP Task Force Director Peter Pry : `` Any nation that gets just one bomb , because of EMP , basically becomes a nuclear superpower that could threaten the existence of the United States . '' https : //t.co/Nq1RpVhKwl
EMP Task Force Director Peter Pry : `` That 's how irresponsible the # Obama administration was— shutting the door on the Albert Einstein of EMP ... they were trying to convince the world that nuclear weapons do n't have any utility . '' https : //t.co/1fp9pqZFQm
Woman who married her birth father is laid to rest , along with her baby , after shocking murders https : //t.co/06exQqLBTw
EMP Task Force Director Peter Pry on electricity : `` All the critical infrastructures depend upon it : communications , transportation , banking and finance . '' https : //t.co/k4GiMKoa5w
ISIS suicide bombing at Afghanistan voter registration center kills 57 https : //t.co/DYSHSqlV0z
Driver in illegal immigrant smuggling case gets life sentence https : //t.co/nKBO7LTvuq
. @ MittRomney faces Senate primary in Utah after state @ GOP convention setback https : //t.co/taSY45qOTI
. @ SteveHiltonx : `` President @ realDonaldTrump 's 'drain the swamp ' agenda is vital . It helped him get elected and it 's a huge part of the change that needs to happen in Washington DC . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/1MZT8lJ1Rn
Waffle House shooting victims include 'brilliant ' college student , aspiring rapper https : //t.co/HPkHJH9H1V
. @ Richardafowler : `` The problem that we have in this country is the criminality of law enforcement is not handled the same way as the criminality of every day Americans . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/JpZLRhqaAo
. @ RepTedYoho : `` The American people are fed up— they want justice . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/71zYiR9ykF https : //t.co/m9w7dy8Vjd
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : # Earth🌎
•Age : 4.54B years
•Humans : 7.4B
•2M+ named species of plants , animals , microbes
•Circumference : 24,901 mi
•Avg…
. @ RepTedYoho : `` I think you 're gon na see this web go back to @ Comey , McCabe ... @ HillaryClinton , Loretta Lynch and possibly President @ BarackObama . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/l1cA4MgON0
Waffle House shooting suspect may be armed , was arrested near White House in 2017 , police say https : //t.co/n5FJi9ZniO
Man bitten by shark , bear , snake in less than 4 years https : //t.co/PyUQaiPCAb
Earth Day cleanup uncovers human remains in Indiana neighborhood https : //t.co/6kE9gPo7Q9
World 's first frozen @ CocaCola squeeze pouch just launched https : //t.co/qMG9vWWLI1
On Saturday , rapper @ kanyewest praised conservative commentator @ RealCandaceO after she shut down a Black Lives Matter protest during an event at UCLA . https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/r5OhVa1muH
Robert De Niro says Donald # Trump is one role he 'd never play https : //t.co/rpEBZelKC9
Three passengers injured , window broken after Air India plane hits severe turbulence https : //t.co/CHYDMOXBaF
California fault line is 'tectonic time bomb ' for disastrous earthquake , researchers say https : //t.co/4s5TYjI04a
Man fought gunman : He 'was going to have to work to kill me ' https : //t.co/mrZovvXJOx
. @ WaffleHouse shooting suspect may be armed , was arrested near White House in 2017 , police say https : //t.co/3cQ8yMIoxN
Autopsies show nothing suspicious in Avicii death , reports say https : //t.co/jipqhJjJmJ
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : North Korea Rejecting Diplomacy :

•1994 : Deal to end nuclear program
—2002 : NoKo pulls out of deal

•2005 : Deal to end…
. @ HillaryClinton , not on ballot , is star of GOP midterm plan https : //t.co/xqalj3eN5S
. @ ShaniaTwain says she would have voted for @ realDonaldTrump despite his offensive comments https : //t.co/MUkGMZw4Qq
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` What I told French citizens before the election is that I want to address the deep roots of our problems . It will take time sometimes . We will have to take bold decisions but we have to fix the situation in depths . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/mtBrQtmPiH
'Like a Great Kamikaze Mission ' : Gutfeld & amp ; Steyn on Professor 's Plan to Combat 'Hookup Culture ' https : //t.co/vlj2B5X7st
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` When you have a country with a lot of public expenditure , with high unemployment , your victims are poor people and people coming from poor neighborhoods . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/tuGGwvMvve
. @ EmmanuelMacron on leaving Syria : `` We will leave the floor to the Iranian regime , Bashar al-Assad and his guys , and they will prepare the new war . They will fuel the new terrorists . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/gcOHI0VVUm
'Tyrannical ' judge told 'not to return ' after she berates defendant who died three days later https : //t.co/SxIZYKylW0
Kellyanne Conway slams CNN 's Dana Bash for asking about husband 's anti-Trump tweets https : //t.co/5YODEwn1E6
. @ EmmanuelMacron on Mueller investigation : `` I 'm not the one to judge ... Because of his controversies or because of his investigations , your president is less credible for me , for my people and for the rest of the world . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/IykGfsJEvm
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I think the U.S. today has a very strong role to play for peace in different regions of the world , and especially the Middle East , and I think it 's one of the last resorts player for this peace and for multilateralism . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/6ws8LR1FwZ
Tune in to Fox News Channel now to see Chris Wallace 's exclusive interview with French President @ EmmanuelMacron . @ FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/pO9f3xR00U
. @ MittRomney faces Senate primary in Utah after state GOP convention setback https : //t.co/e1rLk0ltg0 https : //t.co/KOxu0EJ26V
. @ gabriellahope_ : `` This whole book tour has really backfired for Mr. @ Comey . He 's now facing questions and an internal probe at the DOJ over whether or not he did indeed leak classified information . '' # FoxReport https : //t.co/FMsVJvfkXb https : //t.co/sufHro6uiA
Cat misses flight after escaping carrier at John F. Kennedy International Airport https : //t.co/1F3GhJjybD
San Francisco Giants ' Brandon Belt sees 21 pitches in at-bat , most since at least 1988 https : //t.co/G7fbaqiNGx
Gordon Chang : `` Of course [ Kim Jong Un ] does n't want to give up his nukes , but it 's up to @ realDonaldTrump to make sure that he does . '' # FoxReport https : //t.co/UPOZhR620e https : //t.co/np3fjMhkfA
OPINION : Facebook , Google and Twitter are at war with conservatives online -- it 's time to fight back https : //t.co/gyrxfknhzq
. @ ShaniaTwain says she would have voted for @ realDonaldTrump despite his offensive comments https : //t.co/Nl9n2Xz8pq https : //t.co/kitBozXUF6
Adults with autism bring special talents to the workplace -- employers would be lucky to have them https : //t.co/GY7T7EYYXG
. @ MittRomney faces Senate primary in Utah after state GOP convention setback https : //t.co/e1rLk0ltg0 https : //t.co/9po9YpU6wo
New York City cops save tourist , 83 , who suffered heart attack while celebrating wedding anniversary https : //t.co/lubLPOhZK1
. @ KellyannePolls : “ Denuclearizing the Korean peninsula benefits everyone. ” https : //t.co/ryIIVfItVN
Green Beret : The Left is wrong . I am a warrior . Not a victim https : //t.co/QqGi8w1mTj
Baby Kangaroo Takes His First Hops at Taronga Zoo https : //t.co/V0vlnnJx0h
. @ DevinNunes : `` The mainstream media & amp ; @ TheDemocrats have been running around talking about 'collusion , collusion , collusion ' - when they figured out there was no collusion , they moved on to 'obstruction of justice , obstruction of justice , obstruction of justice . ' '' https : //t.co/2MBVeiLbbf
Dog stays with lost 3-year-old girl overnight , leads rescuers to her https : //t.co/srYrxYFYuU
Frank Siller : “ Our police officers are the greatest and put their lives out on the line for us every single day. ” https : //t.co/MCEHNGda8V
Former first lady Barbara Bush laid to rest in Houston https : //t.co/vlc1S2Ze1I https : //t.co/hfGBHw8KnR
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ lh_carter on Democrats potentially blocking Mike Pompeo 's nomination : `` I think this resist at all costs , at every move , …
RT @ FoxBusiness : Bump stock manufacturer Slide Fire to stop taking orders , shut down site https : //t.co/JKiokBN1Pc
On @ foxandfriends , @ RealCandaceO said that the left does not want African Americans to focus on their future , but instead on their past . https : //t.co/GZasZYfhM1 https : //t.co/Drmhtrwrho
ISIS suicide bombing at Afghanistan voter registration center kills 57 https : //t.co/7ak6lVXI3F https : //t.co/AlQIeoLoMk
Earlier , President @ realDonaldTrump mocked pundits who he says are trying to teach him how to make a deal with North Korea . https : //t.co/XwqwRxUXQC https : //t.co/borezzd2su
North Korea 's nuclear announcement is clearly a publicity stunt , US lawmakers say https : //t.co/RrMNxPdxUj
Before leaving Texas yesterday , @ FLOTUS Melania Trump thanked the men and women of law enforcement . https : //t.co/K0uzjBCLVO https : //t.co/BBVU08Z11w
. @ NBCNews ' source for a fishy statistic about plastic straws is research by a 9-year-old boy https : //t.co/jGYGjqgeFQ
Poll : Is the Republican tax law a good idea or bad idea ? https : //t.co/Gp8hyGk8zR
Delta passenger toppled drink cart , threw coffee before attacking air marshal , police say https : //t.co/wbUTez54Pl
James Shaw Jr. was dining at the Waffle House in Antioch when alleged gunman Travis Reinking opened fire outside the restaurant . Shaw said at a news conference that he felt he had the opportunity to potentially stop the attack during the hail of bullets . https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/h3wAMMQOhs
Hans von Spakovsky : `` The only indictments we 've seen from Bob Mueller have been of Russians who through social media and other things , were trying to sew chaos in America . '' https : //t.co/Cqb6PtnD0H
James Shaw on tackling Waffle House shooter : `` I 'm pretty sure he grazed my arm . And it was at that time that I kind of made up my mind ... that if it was going to come down to it , he was gon na have to work to kill me . '' https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/RrGgL7KJEv
Waffle House shooting suspect may have 2 guns , was arrested near White House in 2017 , police say
https : //t.co/MH9tb4CKey
Capt . Bob Wells : `` This is n't public relations , this is truly national security . This is security not just for the United States but in particular , the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia . '' https : //t.co/8HQHtIy4vc
'It 's Like a Great Kamikaze Mission ' : @ GregGutfeld , @ MarkSteynOnline Talk Dating , Professor 's Plan to Combat 'Hookup Culture ' , via @ GregGutfeldShow https : //t.co/I0AHSXLksn
Woman fined $ 500 for saving free Delta Air Lines snack https : //t.co/sQJUUJKaWa
Waffle House patron , 29 , hailed a hero after wrestling gun away from shooter https : //t.co/pSwbP4zNBa
Britain 's Prince Harry , center , poses with Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya , left , and Vivian Cheruiyot of Kenya , right , the winners of the men 's and women 's races in the London Marathon in London , Sunday , April 22 , 2018. https : //t.co/8FzwDVpoTn
Steve Anderson on Waffle House shooting : `` We suspect some mental issues but at this time there 's no verbal explanations . We do n't have a motive at this time. `` https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/Z5xO0XLGvB
Waffle House CEO Walt Ehmer : `` All of our attention right now is focused on the victims and their families and our associates who were working that night and others who were affected and knew the people who were working that night . '' https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/0vb42QY9y7
FBI Special Agent Matthew Espenshade : `` Coordinated action was taken with the Illinois State Police to revoke Mr. Reinking 's firearm owners identification card ... I feel confident that the FBI took the appropriate steps and did everything right within our federal jurisdiction . '' https : //t.co/GNueSVPUnG
Should @ Jim_Jordan succeed @ PRyan as Speaker of the House ? https : //t.co/Hl7rVQw0I4 https : //t.co/TYFzxcEzV3
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump mocked pundits who he says are trying to teach him how to make a deal with North Korea . https : //t.co/XwqwRxUXQC https : //t.co/ltNByh3EkB
James Shaw on tackling Waffle House shooter : `` I 'm pretty sure he grazed my arm . And it was at that time that I kind of made up my mind ... that if it was going to come down to it , he was gon na have to work to kill me . '' https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/qYpjA11ZP0
Don Aaron : `` We have the AR-15 rifle recovered from the Waffle House this morning . There was also another rifle recovered by the SWAT team at his apartment . '' https : //t.co/Oj1d8NYhuK
Don Aaron on Waffle House shooting : `` We have learned that [ alleged gunman Travis Reinking ] was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service for being in a restricted area near the White House in July of 2017 . '' https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/eRI9TVEW9S
Nashville police provide an update on the search for the suspect accused of opening fire in a Waffle House , killing at least four people and injuring several others . https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E
( Courtesy : WTVF ) https : //t.co/gr5Sqpsgvg
URGENT WARNING FROM @ CDCgov : Throw out all romaine lettuce . https : //t.co/vVVqIs1Tv7
. @ MZHemingway : `` The fact that there was nothing in these memos is actually the most important thing , because they were selectively leaked to launch a special counsel . That there was nothing in there to justify the special counsel , is huge news . '' https : //t.co/jz64d5n5C8
'Angel Mom ' Slams CA Gov . on Sanctuary Law : 'I Would Expect My Government to Protect Us ' https : //t.co/6x0ZHjEIiJ
How 'Smallville ' actress Allison Mack tried to lure actress into an alleged sex cult https : //t.co/MfxoezcvjG
Trump hosts France 's Macron for first state visit ; dinner menu , guest list still secret https : //t.co/o6sly3b75w
On Twitter , President @ realDonaldTrump issued a four-word statement : `` A complete Witch Hunt ! '' https : //t.co/fSoVXLDlJV
. @ RealCandaceOwens , communications director for @ TPUSA , said she believes an `` ideological civil war '' is happening with African-American people . https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/kXvYvyxiCl
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump took pictures with members of the Palm Beach County Sheriff ’ s Office . https : //t.co/KwpPl8QUNk
‘ Intended to Be a Joke ' : Ex-NFL Kicker Sparks Outrage After Holding Gun in Daughter 's Prom Photo
https : //t.co/SHr3IwJEVz
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I 'm here to serve my people in my country and make it great again , as somebody I know very well could say . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/v0HVYEsjpy
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` Polls are not the one to tell you where you have to go when you are elected . If you follow the polls , you never reform , you never fix the situation , you never transform because you are always obsessed by following where people want to go . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/Fn1rSAZ0yz
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` What I told French citizens before the election is that I want to address the deep roots of our problems . It will take time sometimes . We will have to take bold decisions but we have to fix the situation in depths . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/drrcMqBElZ
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` When you have a country with a lot of public expenditure , with high unemployment , your victims are poor people and people coming from poor neighborhoods . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/H2kT9E9VnH
. @ EmmanuelMacron on North Korea : `` I 'm not an expert about I would say rationality of the North Korean president and I think we always have to be very careful about this kind of declarations . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/tZn5iWRmem
. @ EmmanuelMacron on leaving Syria : `` We will leave the floor to the Iranian regime , Bashar al-Assad and his guys , and they will prepare the new war . They will fuel the new terrorists . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/19Rk5itzU8
. @ EmmanuelMacron on Russia : `` We should never be weak with President Putin . When you are weak , he uses it . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/0G8zsnOJGD
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` We will have to build the new Syria afterward , and that 's why I think the U.S. hold is very important . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/PFm6H9giss
. @ EmmanuelMacron on Mueller investigation : `` I 'm not the one to judge ... Because of his controversies or because of his investigations , your president is less credible for me , for my people and for the rest of the world . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/NojqRLA3Ag
On @ foxandfriends , @ KellyannePolls discussed President @ realDonaldTrump 's progress in denuclearizing North Korea . https : //t.co/Ijjlnhp9sV https : //t.co/SWFjbTS67f
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` I think the U.S. today has a very strong role to play for peace in different regions of the world , and especially the Middle East , and I think it 's one of the last resorts player for this peace and for multilateralism . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/5pnAZK84XZ
Medicare ID scam targets seniors receiving new cards
https : //t.co/DUTGPLnTSX
. @ EmmanuelMacron on @ POTUS : `` I think we have a strong personal relation based on the different meetings we 've had and especially his visit , your president gave to my country for Bastille Day in 2017 . `` # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/LG9R9UHTC0
. @ EmmanuelMacron on President @ realDonaldTrump : `` I think President Trump 's election was unexpected in your country and probably my election was n't expected in my country . We are not part of the classical political system . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TT1D89E6Fa https : //t.co/rc8AtJ19hv
. @ EmmanuelMacron : `` My objective is to highlight a long-term history between our two countries based on values . We are very much attached to the same values and especially liberty and peace . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/wbzAiClpsR https : //t.co/vik2zdK4PI
No official intel used to start FBI probe into Trump campaign-Russia collusion : Rep. Nunes https : //t.co/TVB4mrUsjJ
Frank Siller , @ Tunnel2Towers : `` There 's been a false narrative out there for so many years about police officers all across the country . '' https : //t.co/XcCu1Yrp4a
. @ Jim_Jordan : “ If and when there is a race for speaker , I ’ ve been encouraged by colleagues to consider that. ” https : //t.co/VLTjKDynk3
Happening Now : Reports : Police have surrounded TN apartment complex in search for Waffle House gunman . https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/7vEdokKZgQ
. @ GQMagazine Puts the Bible on List of Most Overrated Books Ever
https : //t.co/S6GSeI230T
'It 's the Politics of Personal Dislike ' : @ Scaramucci Blasts @ Comey , 'Nonsensical ' Book Tour
https : //t.co/dlyXMxM6ta
. @ RealCandaceO on # BlackLivesMatter : `` I believe that their ideas are poisonous . '' https : //t.co/GZasZYwTaB https : //t.co/TBpIVshSh5
DEVELOPING : Reports : Police have surrounded TN apartment complex in search for Waffle House gunman . https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/LMLULQFhF7
. @ KellyanneConway : `` The previous president received a Nobel Peace Prize less than 8 months on the job in part , if you go back and read the clips , in part for his work on nuclear disarmament . This president is actually getting it done . '' https : //t.co/EApotKhWP3
. @ MittRomney will face Mike Kennedy in primary for Utah GOP Senate nomination June 26. https : //t.co/Cxn2sloydN https : //t.co/GCdQCNKxdk
Trump slams NBC ’ s 'sleepy eyes ' Chuck Todd for 'fake news ' comments about North Korea https : //t.co/XwqwRxUXQC
TONIGHT : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/V0uJjvxoot
BREAKING NEWS : Reports : Police have surrounded TN apartment complex in search for Waffle House gunman . https : //t.co/7dVkZl5D7E https : //t.co/S5fWNl0WpC
California fault line is 'tectonic time bomb ' for disastrous earthquake , researchers say https : //t.co/4s5TYjI04a
On `` Sunday Morning Futures , '' @ RepDeSantis discussed news of 11 House Republicans sending a criminal referral to the Justice Department and FBI seeking an investigation into James @ Comey , Andrew McCabe , @ AGLynch , and @ HillaryClinton . https : //t.co/71zYiR9ykF https : //t.co/25bafixqNj
TONIGHT : Do n't miss `` Life , Liberty , & amp ; Levin '' with @ marklevinshow - Tune in at 10p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/9Ls0fMh9BT
On `` Sunday Morning Futures with @ MariaBartiromo , '' Rep. @ DevinNunes said the @ DNC lawsuit `` must be a joke . '' https : //t.co/0oED5L3yn1 https : //t.co/i52eKUZTbZ
. @ PhilippeReines : `` I would love , just as an experiment , for @ realDonaldTrump to go , say , a week without tweeting at all , just to see how everyone else would react . '' https : //t.co/D2IJ18h5fc
CUNY professor files first lawsuit under new revenge porn law https : //t.co/inYGLwY7k3
At Sylvester Stallone 's urging , Trump weighs 'full pardon ' for boxer Jack Johnson https : //t.co/NY3yA7taak https : //t.co/m86kGlPBZp
. @ seanspicer : `` @ Comey went into this , I think , largely with the image of the Boy Scout ... There 's definitely now a lot more questions than there were . '' https : //t.co/RzXF2E91JW
Waffle House shooting leaves 4 dead , several injured ; gunman sought https : //t.co/DW9YkAdM37
Last night , @ Kaepernick7 accepted the @ amnesty International Ambassador of Conscience Award , as the human rights organization acknowledged his kneeling protests of racial injustice that launched a sports movement . https : //t.co/Tx8FOOrneH https : //t.co/2ufj2Z8VVp
. @ MZHemingway : `` [ @ POTUS ] supported NATO expansion . He made NATO countries increase their defenses against Russia . He did missile defense in Poland . He 's bombing Syria quite a bit . He attacked Russian mercenaries . '' https : //t.co/Hk6rkgSZwF
. @ susanferrechio : `` [ @ POTUS has imposed ] some fairly tough policies against Russia since he 's taken office . '' https : //t.co/IOfeHdJ7G3
RT @ EricShawnTV : Will # JamesComey end up in the clink ? Critics claim he broke the law and helped set @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump up . Supporters…
. @ MZHemingway : `` The fact that there was nothing in these memos is actually the most important thing , because they were selectively leaked to launch a special counsel . That there was nothing in there justify the special counsel , is huge news . '' https : //t.co/qpr3a1NMgR
Before leaving Texas yesterday , @ FLOTUS Melania Trump thanked the men and women of law enforcement . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/P6DPYclH1e
. @ CBedfordDC : `` Who is this mystery man from Pakistan ? '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/NTKYFYUAEp
`` Laura and I and our entire family are very grateful for people 's prayers and sympathies . ''

@ MariaBartiromo spoke to former Pres . George W. Bush and former First Lady @ laurawbush . # SundayFutures https : //t.co/AIcp7SMhhj
. @ KristinDGaspar : `` We have a governor who 's rolling out the welcome mat for MS-13 gang members in the state of California . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/PlNbrl8qgP
. @ RepDesantis : `` @ HillaryClinton 's campaign , they paid a law firm who then laundered the money to Fusion GPS who then paid a foreign national , Christopher Steele , who then colluded with Russians to create this anti-Trump dossier . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/hymrHCTGre
. @ DevinNunes : `` Whatever the left accuses you of doing , they 're doing themselves . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/PX7NvJYIk6
, @ DevinNunes : `` We do know that longtime associates of @ HillaryClinton , including Sidney Blumenthal and another person named , I think , Cody Shearer , were actively giving information to the @ StateDept that was somehow making its way to the @ FBI . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/nUw5gIHCB7
. @ KristinDGaspar : `` Where has all the common sense gone ? '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/8IoZvGaP0d
. @ KristinDGaspar : `` In San Diego , we 're saying enough is enough to Gov . Brown and his unsafe policies . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/9MiVZwPTfJ
. @ KristinDGaspar : `` We have a governor who 's rolling out the welcome mat for MS-13 gang members in the state of California . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/uVc0Ec4uPv
. @ DevinNunes : `` There must a reason why [ the DNC ] did n't want the @ FBI to come in . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/0Edrpa1gzf
French leader @ EmmanuelMacron tells @ FoxNewsSunday he has a 'very special relationship ' with President @ realDonaldTrump , says they both followed unusual paths to political power . Watch the full interview today at 2p and 7p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/McwXwXqfX1 https : //t.co/DIzWniRIRg
. @ DevinNunes : `` Whatever the left accuses you of doing , they 're doing themselves . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/mqNArJUZGv
. @ DevinNunes : `` The only place where there 's a Russia fiasco is with [ @ TheDemocrats ] . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/Pi610ZS9Ck
. @ DevinNunes : `` Why did n't [ the DNC ] give their servers to the @ FBI ? '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/WgHx1wtn9q
. @ DevinNunes : `` Once you read all of the @ Comey memos it becomes Exhibit A in a defense against , that there was no obstruction of justice . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/36c1DgMxQ9
. @ DevinNunes : `` The mainstream media & amp ; @ TheDemocrats have been running around talking about 'collusion , collusion , collusion ' - when they figured out there was no collusion , they moved on to 'obstruction of justice , obstruction of justice , obstruction of justice . ' '' # SundayFutures https : //t.co/SxsvX5fk5l
, @ DevinNunes : `` We do know that longtime associates of @ HillaryClinton , including Sidney Blumenthal and another person named , I think , Cody Shearer , were actively giving information to the @ StateDept that was somehow making its way to the @ FBI . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/klRE7ltq60
. @ DevinNunes : `` We are investigating the @ StateDept . We think there 's some major irregularities at the State Department . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/mJzWOMNbVJ
Waffle House shooting leaves 4 dead , several injured ; gunman sought

https : //t.co/3QwWCgKb1a
CUNY professor files first lawsuit under new revenge porn law https : //t.co/inYGLwY7k3
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron : I ’ m here to serve my people and my country and make it great again . As somebody I know very well coul…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron discusses the role of the U.S. and allies in Syria : https : //t.co/nMnloASJUL
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : Asked by if there is any chance that he will back down amid protests , @ EmmanuelMacron tells Chris : “ No Chance. ” Adding : …
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron describes his first handshake with @ realDonaldTrump : `` It was a very natural moment , I have to say . And…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron on Russian President Putin : He ’ s strong and smart . But don ’ t be naïve . He ’ s obsessed by interferences…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron on Russian President Putin : I think he ’ s very strong man , he ’ s a strong president . He wants a great Ru…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : On President Trump 's announced steel and aluminum tariffs on the EU , @ EmmanuelMacron tells Chris : I hope he will not imp…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron adds : It was a very natural moment , I have to say . And a very friendly moment . Don ’ t worry .
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron on initial handshake with President Trump : it was a very direct and – yes , a very direct , lucid moment…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron : Third , I think we have a very strong personal relation -- based on the different meetings we had and es…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron : Second , I think we are very much in line on some very critical issues of this world—and especially cou…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ EmmanuelMacron on relationship w/ President Trump : We have a very special relationship because both of us are probably…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : French President @ EmmanuelMacron on goals for his State visit to U.S. : My objective is to highlight a long-term history…
Waffle House shooting leaves 4 dead , several injured ; gunman sought ( via @ byKatherineLam @ travfed ) https : //t.co/DW9YkAdM37
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : Coming up on today 's # FNS : An Exclusive interview with French President @ EmmanuelMacron https : //t.co/kffBEKQIZb
At Sylvester Stallone 's urging , Trump weighs 'full pardon ' for boxer Jack Johnson https : //t.co/NY3yA7bziM https : //t.co/ylt1sOhCqW
. @ KellyannePolls : “ Denuclearizing the Korean peninsula benefits everyone. ” https : //t.co/Z0n8gI7rwo
. @ KellyannePolls : “ The president has made very clear that if the conditions are right… that perhaps a deal can be made. ” https : //t.co/vD12ZgaIWX
Former first lady Barbara Bush laid to rest in Houston https : //t.co/vlc1S2HDaa https : //t.co/7IQ28deATF
. @ MittRomney faces Senate primary in Utah after state GOP convention setback https : //t.co/taSY45qOTI
UPDATE : 4 dead , several others injured when gunman opens fire at Nashville Waffle House , police say https : //t.co/DW9YkAdM37
ISIS suicide bombing at Afghanistan voter registration center kills 31 https : //t.co/DYSHSqlV0z
. @ Jim_Jordan : “ If and when there is a race for speaker , I ’ ve been encouraged by colleagues to consider that. ” https : //t.co/giF80SeE1A
Oakland A 's pitcher Sean Manaea tosses no-hitter vs. Boston Red Sox https : //t.co/qYkyk7dLEs
Treasure island : Rare metals discovery on remote Pacific atoll is worth billions of dollars https : //t.co/kbteBPMrvM
Frank Siller : “ Our police officers are the greatest and put their lives out on the line for us every single day. ” https : //t.co/xEi2tuW3Q6
Verne Troyer , Mini-Me in 'Austin Powers ' movies , is dead at 49 , spokesperson confirms https : //t.co/4mO5E58HeT
JUST IN : Waffle House shooting leaves 3 dead , 4 wounded ; gunman sought https : //t.co/DW9YkAdM37
Fresno State prof blasts farmers as 'stupid ' Trump supporters in video rife with F-bombs https : //t.co/mMZ7eOPc7b
Former first lady Barbara Bush laid to rest in Houston https : //t.co/vlc1S2HDaa https : //t.co/n5xxQNmf1w
White Sox pitcher Danny Farquhar 'stable but critical ' after brain hemorrhage in dugout https : //t.co/wEok4KyzEq
Baby Kangaroo Takes His First Hops at Taronga Zoo https : //t.co/uDlGVbGEAD
School bus driver removed from route for leading young passengers in prayer https : //t.co/hpM1raBM2C
Dwayne 'The Rock ' Johnson had the best response to a Minnesota teen 's 'promposal ' https : //t.co/TYthCgQbPT
Poll : Is the Republican tax law a good idea or bad idea ? https : //t.co/rUxPBQ9gaU
. @ RepLeeZeldin : `` [ President @ realDonaldTrump ] is able to do potentially what past presidents were n't able to do . He would actually be earning that Nobel Peace Prize , unlike his predecessor who got it beforehand . '' https : //t.co/PgJKx9ofJd https : //t.co/GH327kzCsJ
A plane flies over the flower fields near the Keukenhof Park , also known as the Garden of Europe , in Lisse , The Netherlands . https : //t.co/loGLqhHmU2
. @ KellyannePolls : `` It 's all a big , toxic brew with Jim @ Comey at the top not acting like a leader . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/tZWtn3ePuL
Strong US economy hurting Army recruitment , military officials say https : //t.co/7hHX6SrTjL
. @ ChuckGrassley : `` We all have a responsibility , including those in the @ FBI and those in @ TheJusticeDept , to do what we can to reestablish the integrity of the FBI that 's been warped a little bit by some of the things that McCabe and @ Comey have been involved in . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/yI5KfWkxKg
On `` Justice '' with @ JudgeJeanine , Senator @ ChuckGrassley talked about the culture in Washington , D.C. , and said he was `` convinced [ President @ realDonaldTrump ] is doing everything he can to drain the swamp . '' https : //t.co/lwRktgMb4P
. @ deneenborelli : `` We 've gone from fake news to now fake flip . '' https : //t.co/yKswOyK8dm
. @ hogangidley45 on James @ Comey : `` The head of the @ FBI using politics , poll numbers and personal bias to do his job— the American people should be outraged and it 's dangerous for us as American citizens when someone behaves this way . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/jhrLH3lXSZ
On @ foxandfriends , Angel Mom and Fight Sanctuary State spokesperson Agnes Gibboney slammed the governor of California . https : //t.co/HqgRRKB8N2 https : //t.co/Qxmd4HIPPZ
Broward County Sheriff Facing No-Confidence Vote https : //t.co/ZuH2NF3iFi
. @ Uncle_Jimbo : “ No one was expecting anything good to come of President Trump ’ s fiery rhetoric , except people who understand that diplomacy works better with a credible threat of military force backing it up. ” https : //t.co/EYR10jrdGQ
On @ foxandfriends , @ RepLeeZeldin praised President @ realDonaldTrump for the progress he and his administration have made with North Korea . https : //t.co/HhQpq2HdcG https : //t.co/lHQ7GQCyh3
Military vet sets out to make world 's strongest bullet-proof vest https : //t.co/SkiURbvtow https : //t.co/Jws5bZUwOb
. @ RepDesantis : `` With respect to Jim Comey , look , the leaking of those memos was malicious even apart from classified information . '' https : //t.co/6V7w5fYmqm
. @ MichelleMalkin : `` This lawsuit is a very cynically and expediently timed distraction . '' https : //t.co/5sV5XFRljy
. @ JebBush : `` There were no safe spaces or microaggressions allowed with Barbara Pierce Bush . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBCLVO https : //t.co/EChnrzm4v7
Florida school resource officer hailed a hero after responding quickly to shooting that injured one student https : //t.co/sgsTLjg39P
. @ DiamondandSilk on @ EricHolder possibly running for president : `` What is he going to run on ? Lies ? Scandal ? '' https : //t.co/qoyUs8FMrs @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/xm8QLdLYLu
'Smallville ' actress Allison Mack arrested for alleged sex cult involvement https : //t.co/gPkvKqiDj9
. @ KellyannePolls on James @ Comey : `` If you 're going to have the word 'leadership ' in your book , make sure you 've displayed a modicum of leadership . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/L3HDI5rOrZ
Amish buggy crashes in Ohio , killing woman and injuring man and 2 infants https : //t.co/aGbftpXAbI
. @ ChuckGrassley : `` We 've got a president that has come to town to drain the swamp ... because he 's questioning the culture of this town . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/lLxInTQNOH
. @ Starbucks restroom 's hidden camera prompts investigation https : //t.co/RO2yrZEhMc
URGENT WARNING FROM @ CDCgov : Throw out all romaine lettuce . https : //t.co/HTsxQsqGG2
Prom was the night of a lifetime for 18-year-old Lindsey Preston , an Alabama teen with Down syndrome . She was escorted by San Francisco @ 49ers defensive lineman Don Jones to a Mardi Gras-themed prom at Lawrence County High School . https : //t.co/RYl10yyvnm https : //t.co/xmA4FEbcpB
. @ StephenBaldwin7 : `` People are n't stupid ... They 're putting it together now . They 're figuring out we can make America great again . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/T8V6MGsvmq
Man bitten by shark , bear , snake in less than 4 years https : //t.co/PyUQaiy1bB
. @ SenatorCardin : `` My only concern is that Mr. Mueller be able to complete his work and he can do that as quickly as possible . '' https : //t.co/VRMbNVGGql
22 officers have been killed by gunfire in 2018. https : //t.co/vxFVH0q9o0 https : //t.co/KH2tAfG1Fg
Medal of Honor going to airman killed in 2002 Afghanistan battle : report https : //t.co/SfTerYzMx2
. @ RealDeanCain : `` The scales of justice are supposed to be equal . Well , they 're clearly not . There are rules for one group and there are rules for the rest of us . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/ksmfYa3wWr
DC lawmaker accused of anti-Semitism reportedly gave constituent funds to Louis Farrakhan event https : //t.co/bYhc5uDUOX
. @ mercedesschlapp : `` [ Mike Pompeo ] needs to be confirmed immediately . I just don ’ t understand why the Democrats continue to resist on every single action that President # Trump does. ” https : //t.co/JbRDXbviwV
Scalise discharged from hospital after 'planned surgery ' following 2017 shooting , hospital says https : //t.co/E2vjWgZ8qX
. @ FoxNewsSunday EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron ahead of his state visit to the U.S .

The interview airs Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings for times ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET . https : //t.co/wbzAiC3O4h https : //t.co/Stqg65FcVI
Kaepernick blasts 'lawful lynchings , ' defends anthem protests while accepting Amnesty award https : //t.co/Vb4gIdD4Bh
Texas A & amp ; M University held the century-old Muster , an annual event to honor Aggies who have passed away in the last year . Although she will be formally recognized at the 2019 Muster , former First Lady Barbara Bush , an `` honorary Aggie , '' was remembered . https : //t.co/vnSmMqJIsz
DHS reveals dozens of MS-13 , other gang members released by 'sanctuary ' policies https : //t.co/3XjCuNaEqZ
. @ dbongino : `` Jim @ Comey needs to be held to account ... Jim Comey is not a good guy . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/7w0u6LzoyV
After Texas governor slams NJ 's high taxes , NJ governor responds https : //t.co/0ZKEPyCUCJ
A 93-year-old World War II veteran received the opportunity of a lifetime when he was able to take flight once more in a World War II-era B-17 bomber . https : //t.co/pg6SK0JfN6
School bus driver removed from route for leading young passengers in prayer https : //t.co/hpM1rakaE2
. @ DevinNunes : `` It seems like we have to get to the point where we threaten subpoena , or threaten contempt , or threaten impeachment before we 're delivered any documents and that has to stop immediately . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/cpDBZ03iGu https : //t.co/HaZUIzpDaH
On `` Justice , '' @ JudgeJeanine issued this message to former @ FBI Director James @ Comey . https : //t.co/Xny716zn2J
. @ GovRichardson : `` The North Koreans - they 're up to something , either good or bad , and I 'm not sure . '' https : //t.co/56UCjT3APU
White Sox pitcher Danny Farquhar 'stable but critical ' after brain hemorrhage in dugout https : //t.co/wEok4KyzEq https : //t.co/XtoKe70WF7
After attending the funeral service of former First Lady Barbara Bush , @ FLOTUS tweeted her thoughts and prayers for the Bush family . https : //t.co/tR9pWMe71k https : //t.co/QeYj8aGCRd
. @ TomiLahren : `` I 'm a woman ; I voted for President @ realDonaldTrump and I could n't be happier . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/2Y7kX1K300
On @ WattersWorld , former @ WhiteHouse Communications Director Anthony @ Scaramucci compared President @ realDonaldTrump to James @ Comey and @ HillaryClinton . He described both Comey and Clinton as individuals who `` think [ they 're ] superior to people . '' https : //t.co/U7hmuauMfA
North Dakota airman 's surprise homecoming brings 8-year-old son to tears https : //t.co/nD8Z2InuGx https : //t.co/4NKKhTh74X
. @ RepLeeZeldin : “ [ Mike Pompeo ] can be one of the greatest secretaries of state that our nation has ever seen. ” https : //t.co/YF1z34RAOT
. @ carrieunderwood shares new close-up photo of face , shows off scars https : //t.co/gFCE7sP2aW
. @ cvpayne : `` We went through 8 years of that so-called wealth transfer . We saw welfare go through the roof . We saw food stamps go through the roof . '' https : //t.co/HtxWWyORgg
. @ Scaramucci : `` The president does n't think he 's superior to anybody . All the president is trying to do is be a patriotic American and make very smart decisions on behalf of all the American people . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/6aW0vkfeKY
Powerful photo shows former President George H.W . Bush looking at wife 's casket https : //t.co/YgSjPAhnVq
'Angel Mom ' Slams CA Gov . on Sanctuary Law : 'I Would Expect My Government to Protect Us ' https : //t.co/HqgRRKjxVu https : //t.co/kbgzY40BPt
. @ JudgeJeanine : `` Jim , it 's so obvious ; you 're fired and you 're mad . You 're a liar and you 're a leaker . You 're pompous , you 're egotistical , you 're condescending , and you violate the very laws that you 're sworn to uphold because you want to make news . '' https : //t.co/EB5jfn3Ytv
Oakland A 's pitcher Sean Manaea tosses no-hitter vs. Boston Red Sox https : //t.co/qYkyk7vmw0
. @ mercedesschlapp : `` Despite what the left media has been pushing , what the Democrats have been pushing against the president , this president has been incredibly successful. ” https : //t.co/S1cYQF1J74
. @ MittRomney faces Senate primary in Utah after state GOP convention setback https : //t.co/taSY45qOTI
A bomb-sniffing dog named Lacy was given a retirement party after 8 years of service . https : //t.co/ARPEWaoSAA
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/RUCJZThZFh
Myanmar evicts family of officer who testified on entrapment https : //t.co/Hmv1LqnqpT
. @ RepLeeZeldin : `` [ President @ realDonaldTrump ] is able to do potentially what past presidents were n't able to do . He would actually be earning that Nobel Peace Prize , unlike his predecessor who got it beforehand . '' https : //t.co/PgJKx96ERF https : //t.co/oDiLDS5Ypa
Walmart testing new dress code for in-store employees https : //t.co/3ayYUxEuWd
# Trump hosts France 's Macron for first state visit ; dinner menu , guest list still secret https : //t.co/o6sly2TvGW
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/Im8Rb01qIC
. @ FoxNewsSunday EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron ahead of his state visit to the U.S .

The interview airs Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings for times ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET . https : //t.co/wbzAiClpsR https : //t.co/vtGewWzT07
Former Laura Bush Chief of Staff Anita McBride : `` [ Barbara Bush ] wanted people to find joy in life , and that 's how she lived hers . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/aEqTThNPlK
URGENT WARNING FROM @ CDCgov : Throw out all romaine lettuce . https : //t.co/PLyB1J1gaD
. @ MittRomney seeking nomination today at Utah GOP convention for U.S. Senate race . https : //t.co/TvTTLT3Ir7
Barbara Bush 's funeral attended by Melania # Trump , Clintons , others https : //t.co/sY6ZDfXJnp
. @ deneenborelli : `` We 've gone from fake news to now fake flip . '' https : //t.co/e1tHguhRB0
Nabi Tajima , world 's oldest person , dies in Japan at age of 117 https : //t.co/QSMeJSZtzz https : //t.co/LNyby0O2ER
Body camera footage shows police never got out of cruiser to check for Ohio teen crushed by minivan seat https : //t.co/FX8FpUrPJJ
A plane flies over the flower fields near the Keukenhof Park , also known as the Garden of Europe , in Lisse , The Netherlands . https : //t.co/gAXz79e9D7
. @ ChuckGrassley : `` If something 's wrong and you expose it , and the people that did the wrongdoing , if they do n't get fired , if heads do n't roll , nothing 's going to change in Washington . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/DcCGw9JMox
Hillary # Clinton claimed 'they were never going to let me be president , ' new book says https : //t.co/mJgEsc3mFz
. @ ChuckGrassley : `` The Senate is n't getting much legislating done because we face a Democrat filibuster on every non-controversial , and even controversial , [ nominee ] . But most of these nominees are non-controversial . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/zjuV4RpD62
. @ ChuckGrassley : `` We all have a responsibility , including those in the @ FBI and those in @ TheJusticeDept , to do what we can to reestablish the integrity of the FBI that 's been warped a little bit by some of the things that McCabe and @ Comey have been involved in . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/oqFxg8jww6
Dwayne @ TheRock Johnson had the best response to a Minnesota teen 's 'promposal ' https : //t.co/TYthCgQbPT
. @ dbongino : `` Jim @ Comey needs to be held to account ... Jim Comey is not a good guy . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/kV2jXkV5lL
Paris Jackson 's relatives are fearing for her life https : //t.co/vhG44iguHd
. @ DevinNunes : `` It seems like we have to get to the point where we threaten subpoena , or threaten contempt , or threaten impeachment before we 're delivered any documents and that has to stop immediately . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/cpDBZ03iGu https : //t.co/lmUsZLo3OU
Utah parents kill their 2 children before themselves after believing mom had terminal disease https : //t.co/MzTUGhyCgR
. @ hogangidley45 on James @ Comey : `` The head of the @ FBI using politics , poll numbers and personal bias to do his job— the American people should be outraged and it 's dangerous for us as American citizens when someone behaves this way . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/UTBC6Yr2VH
. @ JudgeJeanine : `` Jim , it 's so obvious ; you 're fired and you 're mad . You 're a liar and you 're a leaker . You 're pompous , you 're egotistical , you 're condescending , and you violate the very laws that you 're sworn to uphold because you want to make news . '' https : //t.co/9j0mPDPz6R
Suspected Florida school shooter to remain in jail after court appearance https : //t.co/5RnAfZDOjs
. @ DiamondandSilk on @ EricHolder possibly running for president : `` What is he going to run on ? Lies ? Scandal ? '' https : //t.co/qoyUs8FMrs @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/30XYDVIq03
. @ StephenBaldwin7 : `` People are n't stupid ... They 're putting it together now . They 're figuring out we can make America great again . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/nP90Vcdvsb
. @ TomiLahren : `` I 'm a woman ; I voted for President @ realDonaldTrump and I could n't be happier . '' https : //t.co/koKhAMs5ni
. @ KellyannePolls : `` It 's all a big , toxic brew with Jim @ Comey at the top not acting like a leader . '' @ JesseBWatters https : //t.co/k669WPAl0N
. @ KellyannePolls on James @ Comey : `` If you 're going to have the word 'leadership ' in your book , make sure you 've displayed a modicum of leadership . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/x94SDao40G
. @ RealDeanCain : `` The scales of justice are supposed to be equal . Well , they 're clearly not . There are rules for one group and there are rules for the rest of us . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/vnaJsLMdki
Former First Lady # BarbaraBush was remembered as the “ first lady of the greatest generation ” and “ greatest role model ” during a funeral service Saturday in Houston . https : //t.co/VA9NagDewj
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/e0S5Pf9X9z
. @ Scaramucci : `` The president does n't think he 's superior to anybody . All the president is trying to do is be a patriotic American and make very smart decisions on behalf of all the American people . '' @ JesseBWatters https : //t.co/JWMI7V12al
Former first lady Barbara Bush guarded by Secret Service after death , report says https : //t.co/ItbJr5wEH6
Poll : Is the Republican tax law a good idea or bad idea ? https : //t.co/u4yRpVm5wZ
Former President George H.W . Bush honors late wife 's commitment to literacy by wearing socks with books https : //t.co/JevxhUq06g https : //t.co/KsfsfJ81mg
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/bKZh2YmGMW
. @ MichelleMalkin : `` This lawsuit is a very cynically and expediently timed distraction . '' https : //t.co/5D08wkxtOa
'Angel Mom ' Slams CA Gov . on Sanctuary Law : 'I Would Expect My Government to Protect Us ' https : //t.co/bj6I2vAncW https : //t.co/mSCH6XHsSa
Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush comforts his father , former President George H.W . Bush during a funeral service for his mother , former first lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/FhgZXtQjm9
'You Know Nothing ! ' : @ dbongino Battles Former Clinton Aide Over DNC Lawsuit https : //t.co/ZiCwdoaVhD https : //t.co/E5MlA6SXN4
After attending the funeral service of former First Lady Barbara Bush , @ FLOTUS tweeted her thoughts and prayers for the Bush family . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/XXeAEXeHw5
. @ AlanDersh : `` I do n't think @ POTUS has real worries about Mueller and the investigation of alleged collusion or obstruction of justice ... Where he ought to be focusing his attention is New York , Cohen , whether Cohen flips , whether he sings , whether he composes . '' https : //t.co/T57qrpDL6Q
'Angel Mom ' Slams CA Gov . on Sanctuary Law : 'I Would Expect My Government to Protect Us ' https : //t.co/HqgRRKjxVu https : //t.co/Dd7NldwRDv
. @ RepLeeZeldin : “ [ Mike Pompeo ] can be one of the greatest secretaries of state that our nation has ever seen. ” https : //t.co/PgJKx96ERF https : //t.co/07GmjVCTSU
. @ JebBush : `` There were no safe spaces or microaggressions allowed with Barbara Pierce Bush . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBCLVO https : //t.co/BaVymE0DoJ
Verne Troyer , Mini-Me in 'Austin Powers ' movies , is dead at 49 , spokesperson confirms https : //t.co/4mO5E5qiDt
Law enforcement investigates MS-13 threats against police officers ; @ BryanLlenas reports . https : //t.co/Zf57tDa0cX
Funeral for Barbara Bush ; @ aacuna1 reports . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/7GMtshxkUA
The team you trust . The network you love .

Tune in to Fox News Channel , weekends starting at 8p ET . https : //t.co/dBFhQWDhQr
Bus driver fired for watching YouTube videos while driving passengers
https : //t.co/RNqMM3iG3X
. @ FoxNewsSunday EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron ahead of his state visit to the U.S .

The interview airs Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings for times ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET . https : //t.co/wbzAiC3O4h https : //t.co/jlafPPpn16
Verne Troyer , known for his role as Mini-Me in the “ Austin Powers ” movie series , has died at the age of 49. https : //t.co/OjveFBdhH3 https : //t.co/ZMUwI2tfxo
TOMORROW : Do n't miss `` Life , Liberty , & amp ; Levin '' with @ marklevinshow - Tune in at 10p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/ci1Q0cIcrg
DC lawmaker accused of anti-Semitism reportedly gave constituent funds to Louis Farrakhan event https : //t.co/fzPtBImrNF
'You Know Nothing ! ' : @ dbongino Battles Former Clinton Aide Over DNC Lawsuit https : //t.co/ZiCwdoswGd https : //t.co/UfKVnwhCXm
Historic hotline links South , North Korean leaders ahead of rare summit https : //t.co/9IVPn5Whtx
Douglas MacKinnon : How long will I be allowed to remain a Christian ?
https : //t.co/zlXFf8u7pQ
Paris Jackson 's relatives are fearing for her life https : //t.co/vhG44iguHd
. @ GovRichardson : `` The North Koreans - they 're up to something , either good or bad , and I 'm not sure . '' https : //t.co/eXj9IxrExo
Florida teacher 's calm conversation holds shooter 's attention until cop arrives : 'I am no hero ' https : //t.co/SPHKQZwzsg
. @ MrJoshuaRogers : What Carrie Underwood 's ‘ new ' face and scar reveal can teach us about faith https : //t.co/W6XzpIduex
Amish buggy crashes in Ohio , killing woman and injuring man and 2 infants https : //t.co/aGbftpXAbI
. @ DHSgov : Sanctuary cities released 142 gang members across the country . https : //t.co/0T2gjgSQcI
. @ SteveHiltonx : # DrainTheSwamp -- President @ realDonaldTrump should fire @ EPAScottPruitt and throw out lobbyists https : //t.co/KQdXyukv8A
22 officers have been killed by gunfire in 2018. https : //t.co/vxFVH0q9o0 https : //t.co/0duZogBboV
Michael J . Fox is recovering and 'feeling great ' following spinal surgery https : //t.co/MxkIu4Px4N
Dwayne 'The Rock ' Johnson had the best response to a Minnesota teen 's 'promposal ' https : //t.co/TYthCgQbPT
Former George H.W . Bush speechwriter @ mkcary remembered the work Barbara Bush did to de-stigmatize AIDS when she was First Lady . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/6IjgPmzPUp
At Sylvester Stallone 's urging , President @ realDonaldTrump weighs 'full pardon ' for boxer Jack Johnson https : //t.co/daRepdWs9L
School bus driver removed from route for leading young passengers in prayer https : //t.co/hpM1raBM2C
Hans A. von Spakovsky : Trump has the constitutional authority to fire Mueller -- Here 's why
https : //t.co/sLpeMqwDTH
'Angel Mom ' Slams CA Gov . on Sanctuary Law : 'I Would Expect My Government to Protect Us ' https : //t.co/bj6I2vAncW https : //t.co/ZheY0bnEFH
Former first lady Barbara Bush to be laid to rest in Houston https : //t.co/brYwWnmFlX
. @ deneenborelli : `` We 've gone from fake news to now fake flip . '' https : //t.co/NiHeTue9Me
EU calls for halt to Israel 's use of lethal force on Palestinian protesters . https : //t.co/zpV29GHjVE
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/8NwNpLj9WS
. @ FoxNewsSunday EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron ahead of his state visit to the U.S .

The interview airs Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings for times ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET . https : //t.co/wbzAiClpsR https : //t.co/rH8XvuN0b5
. @ AlanDersh : `` I do n't think @ POTUS has real worries about Mueller and the investigation of alleged collusion or obstruction of justice ... Where he ought to be focusing his attention is New York , Cohen , whether Cohen flips , whether he sings , whether he composes . '' https : //t.co/qvo0br83i7
URGENT WARNING FROM @ CDCgov : Throw out all romaine lettuce . https : //t.co/mWfOSfXh96
. @ HillaryClinton claimed 'they were never going to let me be president , ' new book says https : //t.co/mJgEsc3mFz
Happening Now : Barbara Bush funeral procession arrives at the @ Bush41Library . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/gIV8DNbYSU
Tristan Thompson spotted reportedly flirting with models during NBA All-Star Weekend https : //t.co/l7hrkRZrU9
Happening Now : Barbara Bush funeral procession arrives at the @ Bush41Library . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/MrDeyTtBdU
Poll : Is the Republican tax law a good idea or bad idea ? https : //t.co/voDVWD8H1y
Texas teen 's car stolen , totaled after he stops to help at crash scene https : //t.co/x2ZhiuNA9J
Mary Berry discusses airport arrest after security mistook her flour for drugs https : //t.co/8ebIKzgKbi
Missouri mother watched home burn down with her four sons inside : 'She lost everything ' https : //t.co/2PhTjn3SbW
'Angel Mom ' Slams CA Gov . on Sanctuary Law : 'I Would Expect My Government to Protect Us ' https : //t.co/HqgRRKjxVu https : //t.co/avIR7JyfXD
. @ dangainor : Media war on Trump continues around the clock , and other proof of media bias https : //t.co/hvViIC8SKk
On @ foxandfriends , @ RepLeeZeldin praised President @ realDonaldTrump for the progress he and his administration have made with North Korea . https : //t.co/HhQpq2YOBg https : //t.co/v5Zq4gVY8J
TODAY : @ MittRomney seeking nomination today at Utah GOP convention for U.S. Senate race . https : //t.co/s6pWtwYmwV
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/pFfbrtFQ2E
. @ cvpayne : `` We went through 8 years of that so-called wealth transfer . We saw welfare go through the roof . We saw food stamps go through the roof . '' https : //t.co/nkPbjTmCl7
Powerful photo shows former President George H.W . Bush looking at wife 's casket https : //t.co/YgSjPAyZk0
. @ RepLeeZeldin : `` [ President @ realDonaldTrump ] is able to do potentially what past presidents were n't able to do . He would actually be earning that Nobel Peace Prize , unlike his predecessor who got it beforehand . '' https : //t.co/PgJKx96ERF https : //t.co/tr97MaPkFr
Former first lady Barbara Bush to be laid to rest in Houston https : //t.co/brYwWnmFlX
Presidential historian Jon Meacham praised the life and legacy of Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/N64yl9wo4O
The team you trust . The network you love .

Tune in to Fox News Channel , weekends starting at 8p ET . https : //t.co/qsgYc7FB9c
. @ mercedesschlapp : `` Despite what the left media has been pushing , what the Democrats have been pushing against the president , this president has been incredibly successful. ” https : //t.co/GioWiFQwf5
After attending the funeral service of former First Lady Barbara Bush , @ FLOTUS tweeted her thoughts and prayers for the Bush family . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/5pUjCo6zeL
`` She lived so long and so well . She did n't really suffer at the end of her life ... She died with great dignity and on her own terms . ''

@ brithume and @ DanaPerino share their thoughts about Barbara Bush with @ ShepNewsTeam . https : //t.co/eW7vybZ3dP
Moments ago , President @ GeorgeHWBush 's post- @ WhiteHouse spokesman @ jgm41 revealed the book-themed socks the 41st president wore today to commemorate his wife Barbara Bush 's legacy of promoting literacy . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/5E8C7sVb3g
Earlier , President @ GeorgeHWBush post- @ WhiteHouse spokesman @ jgm41 revealed a sweet way the 41st president commemorates his wife of 73 years . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/6lc6rtGVbj
Gilchrist County Sheriff Bobby Schultz : `` Unfortunately we have those individuals and groups that want to demonize law enforcement . '' https : //t.co/uKCgnc2zii https : //t.co/Vu6gSB51uM
# BarbaraBushFuneral . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/3kn1BOBfwH
Grandson pallbearers prepare the casket of former first lady Barbara Bush https : //t.co/K1xSgkkN50
Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush comforts his father , former President George H.W . Bush during a funeral service for his mother , former first lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/il2naxm1Vv
Congregation recites the Lord 's Prayer at Barbara Bush 's funeral . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/7LnrvdVp7H
Rev . Dr. Russell Levenson , Jr. : `` A fellow came up to her and said , 'Hey , you look a lot like Barbara Bush , ' and without missing a beat , Barbara just said , 'Yes , I hear that a lot . ' '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/PMYbldMKnJ
. @ JebBush : `` There were no safe spaces or microaggressions allowed with Barbara Pierce Bush . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/4AmsrvPcxv
Congregation sings `` Amazing Grace '' at Barbara Bush funeral . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/jH3mQaLywn
Susan Garrett Baker : `` Barbara , the tough but loving enforcer , was the secret sauce of this extraordinary family . '' https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/uUtLVSkD4L
Former President George W. Bush and former First Lady @ laurawbush attend the funeral of Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/C5eUvv5iUn
. @ jmeacham : `` Known as Barbara , as Bar , as Mom , as Mother , as Ganny , as the Silver Fox , and as the Enforcer , she was candid and comforting , steadfast and straightforward , honest and loving . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/IYcV9pc2PV
Barbara Pierce Bush , Barbara Bush 's granddaughter , reads from the Second Letter from Paul to the Corinthians . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/rNJNzqriPA
Moments ago , presidential historian @ jmeacham praised the life and legacy of Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/Mv0KWEmke0
Former Presidents George W. Bush and @ GeorgeHWBush arrive as they pass by former first lady @ HillaryClinton , former President @ BillClinton , former first lady @ MichelleObama , former President @ BarackObama and @ FLOTUS . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/aQ8YRHClYw
Former President @ BarackObama at the funeral for Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/J9mB1feFB5
`` She opens her hands to the poor and reaches out her hands to the needy . ''

Former First Lady Barbara Bush 's granddaughters read Proverbs 31:10-31. https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/g9zZYFofGt
Soprano Chelsea Helm sings `` In The Garden '' at Barbara Bush funeral . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/yBkMIBjDTA
Former President @ GeorgeHWBush at the funeral of his wife of 73 years Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/6xmDwu1Feg
Elizabeth Dwen Andrews , Barbara Bush 's granddaughter , reads from Ecclesiastes : `` I know that whatever God does endures forever . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/Ik68TYyWTU
Congregation sings `` Praise the Lord '' at Barbara Bush funeral . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/B1qEgdmFJr
Moments ago , President @ GeorgeHWBush post- @ WhiteHouse spokesman @ jgm41 revealed a sweet way the 41st president commemorates his wife of 73 years . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/ncwTrTemh3
RIGHT NOW : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in to Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/UEipQAAiXt
RT @ ShepNewsTeam : . @ shepnewsteam coverage of # BarbaraBushFuneral is live in # Houston . https : //t.co/s6lTaqYCWG
Members of the Bush family attend the funeral of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/LHQEoUoS0z
Former George H.W . Bush speechwriter Mary Kate Cary remembered the work Barbara Bush did to de-stigmatize AIDS when she was First Lady . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/6oP4j9Xmpd
The funeral of former First Lady Barbara Bush takes place at St. Martin 's Episcopal Church . https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/D0mj6lm82Y
Former Laura Bush Chief of Staff Anita McBride : `` [ Barbara Bush ] wanted people to find joy in life , and that 's how she lived hers . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/bojELQqhXK
RIGHT NOW : @ FLOTUS arrives at Barbara Bush funeral . https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/MmQqEXTow3
Collection gives sneak peek into Civil War-era traveling troupe ( via : @ luciasuarezsang ) https : //t.co/kwLvpxNJiK
Mica Mosbacher : `` [ Barbara Bush ] was a mother first , and she was fiercely protective of her children , and God help anyone who criticized them - she 'd eat them alive . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/057C7e1Yv7
Robert Gates , @ CondoleezzaRice , Chuck Norris , @ brithume , @ KarlRove , @ GabbyGiffords among mourners at Barbara Bush funeral - For full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/IHK9PCmOtY
Meet the US military 's warship killer : These new missiles will sink enemy ships https : //t.co/vH6S6AjQYr
COMING UP : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/H0Q1ktuolh
. @ mkcary : `` That picture went viral , way before the internet ever existed . Headlines all over the world that Barbara Bush had hugged a man w/ AIDS and lived . That began a sea change in the way that people treated people with AIDS . I think that just tells you volumes about her . '' https : //t.co/eUZ9vaa4Lt
. @ TheLeeGreenwood : `` [ Barbara Bush ] was known as Grace and Grits . I love that . '' https : //t.co/K0uzjBlb4g https : //t.co/kjKeZw8Pd0
URGENT WARNING FROM @ CDCgov : Throw out all romaine lettuce . https : //t.co/FykjTnlk8Q
. @ RepDesantis : `` With respect to Jim Comey , look , the leaking of those memos was malicious even apart from classified information . '' # Cavuto https : //t.co/QovurgHkZn
Last night , President @ realDonaldTrump touted the progress his administration is making with Kim Jong Un and North Korea . https : //t.co/EArSH9fb9L https : //t.co/k9BhpaiqTv
. @ SenatorCardin : `` My only concern is that Mr. Mueller be able to complete his work and he can do that as quickly as possible . '' # Cavuto https : //t.co/Fr8c32eTru
RIGHT NOW : Awaiting funeral service for former First Lady Barbara Bush - for full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/mLFtxw3k9U
Happening Now : @ MittRomney seeking nomination today at Utah GOP convention for U.S. Senate race . https : //t.co/fFe84IugmH
Fresno State prof blasts farmers as 'stupid ' Trump supporters in video rife with F-bombs https : //t.co/mMZ7eOPc7b
Carrie Underwood shares new close-up photo of face , shows off scars https : //t.co/gFCE7sP2aW
'Smallville ' actress Allison Mack pleads not guilty sex trafficking following arrest for alleged involvement in sex cult https : //t.co/1Ta3ebR4lV
. @ DanaPerino on Barbara Bush : “ She was beloved , she was hilarious , she was a woman of great character . She had high expectations of others . She loved being a wife , a mother and a grandmother. ” https : //t.co/1Gsm30Vob5
Medal of Honor going to airman killed in 2002 Afghanistan battle : report https : //t.co/SfTerYRnVC
. @ PhilippeReines : “ There ’ s no question that the Russians tried to meddle and attack our election process. ” https : //t.co/YxRArX8toY
. @ TheLeeGreenwood on Barbara Bush : “ She was so genuinely warm. ” https : //t.co/jmevoOFvLX
. @ mercedesschlapp : `` Despite what the left media has been pushing , what the Democrats have been pushing against the president , this president has been incredibly successful. ” https : //t.co/F4Ay68q12i
. @ mercedesschlapp : `` [ Mike Pompeo ] needs to be confirmed immediately . I just don ’ t understand why the Democrats continue to resist on every single action that President Trump does. ” https : //t.co/IcBwSMwf0d
Florida school resource officer hailed a hero after responding quickly to shooting that injured one student https : //t.co/sgsTLjg39P
Knife-wielding monk seal pup spotted on Hawaii beach https : //t.co/F9g95oFugO
. @ DavidTafuri on North Korea : “ This is very encouraging progress… I think Trump and Pompeo deserve to be congratulated. ” https : //t.co/dGufmHDeL4
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : Chris sat down with French President Emmanuel Macron today at the Élysée Palace ahead of his state visit to the United S…
Body camera footage shows police never got out of cruiser to check for Ohio teen crushed by minivan seat https : //t.co/FX8FpUrPJJ
Military vet sets out to make world 's strongest bullet-proof vest https : //t.co/SkiURbdSwY https : //t.co/reb2YHF5Jw
TODAY : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/GCQcBb4VHd
A bomb-sniffing dog named Lacy was given a retirement party after 8 years of service . https : //t.co/v79tGtpU9A
Queen Elizabeth II celebrates 92nd birthday https : //t.co/E2du5iOnEL
Military vet sets out to make world 's strongest bullet-proof vest https : //t.co/BUu8tlhZQV
North Dakota airman 's surprise homecoming brings 8-year-old son to tears https : //t.co/nD8Z2InuGx https : //t.co/hvej49CwGO
. @ RepLeeZeldin : “ [ Mike Pompeo ] can be one of the greatest secretaries of state that our nation has ever seen. ” https : //t.co/yTfitSlGrP
. @ AlanDersh : “ There should ’ ve been an objective , neutral , bipartisan commission looking into the Russian role in the election. ” https : //t.co/zPFPXLFuqM
After Texas governor slams NJ 's high taxes , NJ governor responds https : //t.co/0ZKEPyUw1j
Barbara Bush funeral expected to draw 1,500 guests https : //t.co/brYwWnmFlX
North Dakota airman 's surprise homecoming brings 8-year-old son to tears https : //t.co/kjELQ0dnEy
Remembering Barbara Bush https : //t.co/tR9pWLWw9M https : //t.co/qXIkK3kQQ1
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/zfgJVAirFj
Broward County Sheriff Facing No-Confidence Vote https : //t.co/2HBM1XWjoe
A 93-year-old World War II veteran received the opportunity of a lifetime when he was able to take flight once more in a World War II-era B-17 bomber . https : //t.co/FQJuZWi3tm
North Korea Freezes Missile Testing https : //t.co/4wpmeQorpw https : //t.co/2WU8bQw8nT
DHS reveals dozens of MS-13 , other gang members released by 'sanctuary ' policies https : //t.co/3XjCuNsfPz
. @ JennaBrowder : “ President Trump continues to deliver on issues that are really important to evangelicals. ” https : //t.co/iBK0vV8jS5
Justice Department IG probing Comey memos over classified material https : //t.co/hkEOOkm8ou
. @ Uncle_Jimbo : “ North Korea has agreed to talk about denuclearization… This is a win for President Trump ’ s policies. ” https : //t.co/jfWZLU3wu4
. @ Uncle_Jimbo : “ No one was expecting anything good to come of President Trump ’ s fiery rhetoric , except people who understand that diplomacy works better with a credible threat of military force backing it up. ” https : //t.co/UhoLGvmLoy
'Preventative Botox ' rising trend among millennials https : //t.co/jvBfNicTSU
Fresno State prof blasts farmers as 'stupid ' Trump supporters in video rife with F-bombs https : //t.co/mMZ7eOPc7b
Taylor Swift deals with third alleged stalker this month , authorities say
https : //t.co/oqyrJPR00V
Former President George H.W . Bush views his wife 's casket as she lies in repose at St. Martin ’ s Episcopal Church in Houston , Texas . https : //t.co/jHUljQVN29
. @ GiannoCaldwell : `` It 's interesting to me that @ NancyPelosi who 's worth $ 30 million by the way called tax reform 'crumbs . ' '' https : //t.co/tJIbDFEbKd
TODAY : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/Z0xndSV5bN
. @ JesseBWatters : `` [ @ Comey 's ] taken a lot on the chin recently from the left and the right . Everybody hates him . '' https : //t.co/DjSrZjVruH
. @ NYGovCuomo claims he 's 'undocumented , ' challenges officials to deport him https : //t.co/qhqfAV5l5E https : //t.co/brBNP2gjT5
Planned neo-Nazi rally has Atlanta-area city bracing for potential violence
https : //t.co/SciKy4OvBG
. @ TomiLahren : `` You have the Republicans that are saying , 'We want a wall , we want to protect Americans , ' and you have Democrats that are saying , 'What we really want to do is protect illegal immigrants . ' '' https : //t.co/ytMgOJnWky
Theft of $ 1.2M in fajitas results in 50-year prison sentence
https : //t.co/SoCKh5E6wv
Much of dynamite stolen from Pennsylvania construction site is recovered , ATF says
https : //t.co/1TmqKo1s6C
. @ AriFleischer : `` The only reason @ TheDemocrats do n't want what works is because @ realDonaldTrump is for it . '' https : //t.co/2ubdjZjkYa
Poll : @ tedcruz leads @ BetoORourke by 3 % in Texas Senate race . https : //t.co/T1gogKkyit
. @ AlanDersh : `` We have a presumption of innocence - and I see no indication that @ POTUS did anything wrong either before he became president or after he became president . '' https : //t.co/D2Eh3jnfP4
. @ TGowdySC : `` Jim Comey said , 'I do n't do sneaky things , ' except memorialize private conversations . 'I do n't leak , ' except when I do leak . And 'I do n't do weasel things ' - I think this whole book tour is a pretty weasely thing , quite frankly . '' https : //t.co/EfaBX4IC6f
. @ RCamposDuffy : `` I look at @ POTUS 's poll numbers - I ca n't believe how high they are considering how much has been thrown at him . '' https : //t.co/Al1vFGW2NW
. @ RepLeeZeldin : `` James Comey leaked classified information to the media . '' https : //t.co/8msQNSRS38
. @ wjmcgurn : `` The irony of the Jim Comey memos is they seem to do the most harm to Jim Comey 's reputation . '' https : //t.co/LlhacA4wt5
. @ newtgingrich : `` It 's clear that [ @ HillaryClinton ] broke the law over and over and over again . '' https : //t.co/heWt79M6Vk
. @ RepLeeZeldin : `` James @ Comey leaked classified information to the media , memos that were n't even able to be provided to Congress until now . '' https : //t.co/M2kKm51zVe
On @ foxandfriends , @ TomiLahren discussed the deadly ambush on two police officers in Florida . https : //t.co/zz4sVUshrG https : //t.co/HyJud632Jh
. @ POTUS met with @ USMC veteran George Skoko Thursday , on his 97th birthday . Skoko served in the Pacific theater in WWII , including the Battle of Peleliu in 1944. https : //t.co/80MJNFiMkf
. @ AriFleischer : `` Vis-a-vis @ Comey what I will say , though , is this is the book tour that backfired . I 've never seen a book tour go so wrong . '' https : //t.co/lI4ggoOaRv
Poll : 53 % of Texas voters oppose building a wall along the border with Mexico . https : //t.co/67rwpLH0l5
. @ GovAbbott : `` I did exactly what @ POTUS did as governor . I withheld funding to localities that refused to comply with federal law , that refused to comply with the ban on sanctuary cities . '' https : //t.co/R25cnvvc8e
. @ AriFleischer : `` I fail to see where there is any obstruction of justice or collusion involved here . '' https : //t.co/lVXVtCH9nU
Earlier , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted in response to news that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has announced that his country will be suspending missile testing and closing a nuclear test site , several reports said . https : //t.co/UPOZhRnCRM https : //t.co/UgrccJ7IKB
Poll : 60 % of Texas voters support using the @ USNationalGuard to patrol the border . https : //t.co/tZXsvmKFbr
Former President George H.W . Bush greets well-wishers as his wife Barbara lies in repose at St. Martin ’ s Episcopal Church in Houston , Texas . https : //t.co/sSfQHtIvfQ
TOMORROW : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/Vkf0uipNoF
Illegal immigrant who 's been deported previously accused of nail gun rampage
https : //t.co/o9nnVV19Tt
. @ IngrahamAngle : `` My personal advice to Democrats is this : Keep doing what you 're doing because the American people are a lot smarter than you give them credit for . '' https : //t.co/u5t6dbUGH8
California man charged for fatally stabbing dad with daughter on his lap , authorities say https : //t.co/nwsztrCRDE
North Korea reportedly assured Pompeo that release of 3 detainees could be joined with upcoming summit https : //t.co/tdDzEbQOu2
. @ newtgingrich on @ DNC 's Trump-Russia-WikiLeaks Lawsuit : Let @ FBI Look at Hacked Servers https : //t.co/ygRpwK1WkC
. @ FoxNewsSunday EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron ahead of his state visit to the U.S .

The interview airs Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings for times ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET . https : //t.co/wbzAiC3O4h https : //t.co/XfBQjkDeWd
North Dakota airman 's surprise homecoming brings 8-year-old son to tears https : //t.co/Gb7TxgI1AP
OPINION : Beware of North Korea 's nuclear and missile pledge - Kim 's talk is cheap , it 's his actions that count https : //t.co/BeQaCqHmhK
. @ CDCgov warns people to avoid 'all types of romaine lettuce ' as E. coli outbreak continues https : //t.co/ERxULfUOxf
. @ HillaryClinton claimed 'they were never going to let me be president , ' new book says https : //t.co/RK0ku7OJpV
. @ GovGreitensMO faces second felony charge after allegedly stealing charity donor list for 2016 campaign https : //t.co/qO7XuHAAZ4
. @ TomFitton : `` Trump did nothing wrong . And the one who did something wrong was @ Comey , and Mueller is n't even targeting him . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/0JKgwOc7eW https : //t.co/x9pwdMuaer
Firefighters made a terrifying rescue , cutting away branches to save a tree trimmer who was stuck in a palm tree . https : //t.co/bYw6pBqUo1
. @ KimStrassel on @ Comey memos : `` There does seem to be almost a sense of entrapment in these memos , as though he was urging the president to do things so that he could then run back outside and write down the bad things the president had done , in his mind . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/RlrME0HFye
. @ AndrewPollackFL : `` All the kids do n't feel the same way as these kids that are marching [ for gun control ] . There 's a lot of kids that ... want to march on the @ FBI , that want to march on the sheriff because all this incompetency led to the murder [ at Parkland ] . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/zgX4I34iJ8
TOMORROW : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/4vYvaqXibg
. @ dbongino : `` What kind of job do you go to work every day with the possibility that ... the last breath you ’ re going to take is on your eight-hour shift today ? And that ’ s what police officers do every day and it ’ s getting more and more dangerous for them . '' https : //t.co/rKYA7GHFPe https : //t.co/OvayVOoSqP
DC lawmaker accused of anti-Semitism reportedly gave constituent funds to Louis Farrakhan event https : //t.co/CXMvRjDbZ1
`` I just want everyone to hold their loved ones close because tomorrow is not promised . '' —Katina Black , cousin of fallen Deputy Taylor Lindsey # TheStory https : //t.co/qwf5aK6P1M https : //t.co/WyVNe37Irw
Katina Black , cousin of fallen Deputy Taylor Lindsey : `` We come from a family that believes in service and giving to others and protecting anyone around you . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/qwf5aK6P1M https : //t.co/B7pVvP5Ors
RT @ foxnewsvideo : Mourners line up to pay respects to # BarbaraBush @ MikeEmanuelFox @ SpecialReport | https : //t.co/W3FkJKLct7
. @ dbongino : It 's Becoming 'More and More Dangerous ' for Law Enforcement # TheStory https : //t.co/9k4i0ptxJ0
. @ MZHemingway on @ Comey memos : `` The later memos are written almost as if they were designed for the purpose of a leak . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/0JKgwOtIDw https : //t.co/QH65OlvawB
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/4samf8uBzu
President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about the DNC lawsuit . https : //t.co/QsWhwDPhZ6 https : //t.co/D2bWJOHhtM
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : North Korea →

—Last Nuclear Test—
•September 3 , 2017

—Last ICBM Test—
•November 28 , 2017 https : //t.co/cVR7PmH1uF
. @ RepPeteKing : `` I think Jim Comey has outsmarted himself ... All this is blowing up in his face . And if anything , at the end of this , you know , President Trump may be the last man standing . '' # TheStory https : //t.co/0JKgwOtIDw https : //t.co/hw9pMfJ7KC
DEVELOPING : North Korea announces freeze on nuclear tests ahead of talks with @ POTUS . # TheStory https : //t.co/UPOZhR620e https : //t.co/dE9c9Y5xha
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted in response to news that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has announced that his country will be suspending missile testing and closing a nuclear test site , several reports said . https : //t.co/UPOZhR620e https : //t.co/0unpZGPgXM
. @ mschlapp : `` It is the dumbest political move I 've seen in a long time . '' # SpecialReport # DNC https : //t.co/wECR8b9qX2
. @ newtgingrich : `` It 's clear that [ @ HillaryClinton ] broke the law over and over and over again . '' https : //t.co/hzQG7Bck8G
. @ TGowdySC : `` Jim Comey said , 'I do n't do sneaky things , ' except memorialize private conversations . 'I do n't leak , ' except when I do leak . And 'I do n't do weasel things ' - I think this whole book tour is a pretty weasely thing , quite frankly . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/g65OZpBEvM
North Korea suspends missile testing , closing nuclear test site , reports say https : //t.co/UPOZhR620e
BREAKING NEWS : Reports : North Korean leader Kim Jong Un says he will suspend nuclear and long-range missile tests , and shut down a nuclear test site . https : //t.co/MA5ZPT7vRT
Democratic Party files suit alleging conspiracy by Trump campaign , Russia , WikiLeaks to sway 2016 election # SpecialReport https : //t.co/Gvp0zTza6H https : //t.co/sZENQSocOk
. @ TGowdySC : `` Jim Comey said , 'I do n't do sneaky things , ' except memorialize private conversations . 'I do n't leak , ' except when I do leak . And 'I do n't do weasel things ' - I think this whole book tour is a pretty weasely thing , quite frankly . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/1ML6hlDtk0
. @ TGowdySC : `` Unlike Jim Comey , I do n't compare people to mob bosses . I do n't say they 're unfit for office . I do n't say they ought to be impeached . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/hmURXIYAKS
. @ TGowdySC : `` If there was anything really , really important in these memos , Democrats would 've leaked what they read 6 months ago . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/txCM6Ft5fl
Stuck in a tree : A scared cat , and the cat 's would-be rescuer https : //t.co/9w8DBm3zFQ
TX Officer Barely Escapes Explosion After Illegal Immigrant Crashes Into House https : //t.co/Gg6FcGpEwu
Swedish house DJ Avicii dead at 28 https : //t.co/KXmnDxw9Uk
. @ RCamposDuffy : `` Democrats want open borders , which I think will bring in more drugs . Now they want to legalize and increase drug use . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/sIVNkATFst
Barbara Bush lies in repose at Houston church ; @ DanaPerino reports . # TheFive https : //t.co/pQN0Hk38Ij
Driver in illegal immigrant smuggling case gets life sentence https : //t.co/nKBO7LTvuq
NBC News star Chuck Todd on conflicts of interest : 'That 's my wife . That 's not me ' https : //t.co/Kl5ybxUdGP
. @ JesseBWatters : `` [ @ Comey 's ] taken a lot on the chin recently from the left and the right . Everybody hates him . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/ilJ9ml0UHz
Former President @ GeorgeHWBush greets well-wishers as his wife Barbara Bush lies in repose at St. Martin ’ s Episcopal Church in Houston . https : //t.co/y4VUgcCPZ3
. @ RCamposDuffy : `` [ @ Comey ] clearly wanted to cash in on this experience . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/C4QC8bONPn
OPINION : Sen. Tammy Duckworth bringing baby to Senate floor shines new light on working parents https : //t.co/1dKgY3Q6vX
. @ RCamposDuffy : `` I look at @ POTUS 's poll numbers - I ca n't believe how high they are considering how much has been thrown at him . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/TJV4zM3LRZ
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ gen_jackkeane : `` [ CIA Director Mike Pompeo ] has got such a grasp on all the issues surrounding North Korea . '' https : //t.co…
RT @ FoxBusiness : George W. Bush on NAFTA : `` The three of us countries are gon na need to work together to be able to compete with China in th…
. @ kimguilfoyle : `` There 's no proof of collusion or obstruction of justice . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/PMVf0QXsqE
It 's time for # TheFive ! https : //t.co/U0obuCMQK9
McCabe 's fate rests with Trump-appointed prosecutor https : //t.co/xD3aOJ77pY
. @ VP Pence delivers keynote remarks at an America First Policies event . https : //t.co/kMKp6lOFLd
Wisconsin woman 'body slams ' suspect 'viciously ' attacking officer , police say https : //t.co/PZhaOue6jW
TOMORROW : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/VUftIkoA8H
. @ GiannoCaldwell : `` It 's interesting to me that @ NancyPelosi who 's worth $ 30 million by the way called tax reform 'crumbs . ' '' https : //t.co/FE4iGXWhRh
. @ HeatherZuma : `` If Democrats want to win the midterms , they actually need to give the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act some credit here . '' https : //t.co/5XfXMl9KoL
. @ drmannyonFOX : 4/20 and medical marijuana -- Now ’ s the time to unleash the power of pot
https : //t.co/70syp6jGSu
Emails show Obama White House statements on Clinton probe worried FBI 's Strzok https : //t.co/yjKkLkMAwX
'Smallville ' actress Allison Mack arrested for alleged sex cult involvement , reports say https : //t.co/bJ35Q6yLQE
School walkouts take place 19 years after Columbine shooting ; @ juliebanderas reports . https : //t.co/lpK4JXEcXQ
EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron on @ FoxNewsSunday ahead of his state visit to meet with @ POTUS - Tune in Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET ! https : //t.co/yK8o1EezTY https : //t.co/n4rFhX4Ili
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ trish_regan on President Trump ’ s upcoming meeting with North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un : `` We are on the right path . He wi…
RT @ FoxBusiness : IMF Managing Director Christine @ Lagarde to @ LizClaman : `` The corporate tax cut and the corporate tax reform , in general , i…
RT @ FoxBusiness : IMF Managing Director Christine @ Lagarde to @ LizClaman : `` We see global debt , public and private , at an all-time high . '' htt…
Gaza health officials : More than 30 Palestinians killed , hundreds hurt since protests began last month . https : //t.co/P3IbqNQsRx
Investigators : 2 Florida Sheriff 's deputies shot and killed in suspected ambush ; @ jonathanserrie reports . https : //t.co/xeGXz3rz69
. @ IngrahamAngle : Will Dems 'Eat Crow ' After Report on Gang Members Released in Sanctuary Cities ? https : //t.co/YSDSYVgCOY
'Safety Is Coming First ' : @ TomiLahren Says Californians Are 'Waking Up , ' Opposing Sanctuary Law
https : //t.co/AsWXSLdDCU
Major Teachers Union Cuts Ties With Wells Fargo for Not Ditching NRA https : //t.co/W6K1WYX8vN
Swedish house DJ @ Avicii dead at 28 https : //t.co/FS64VrLLtz
Justice Department IG probing Comey memos over classified material https : //t.co/hkEOOkm8ou
Marlin Fitzwater : `` [ Barbara Bush ] always had a purpose to everything she did ... I kind of feel like I 'm carrying out my last assignment for her . '' @ dailybriefing https : //t.co/FrCMeqRubD
SUNDAY : `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War '' - 'Stonewall Jackson : Friendly Fire ' , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/iXVFFocVjI
. @ GovAbbott : `` The streets will be lined with Texans remembering [ Barbara Bush ] and the legacy she leaves behind . '' @ dailybriefing https : //t.co/mfR8bAjCmi
. @ GovAbbott : `` I did exactly what @ POTUS did as governor . I withheld funding to localities that refused to comply with federal law , that refused to comply with the ban on sanctuary cities . '' @ dailybriefing https : //t.co/HT5sAludoK
Barbara Bush lies in repose at St. Martin ’ s Episcopal Church in Houston , Texas . https : //t.co/Z3kEdOdbNy https : //t.co/euTlXhcYk5
Poll : @ tedcruz leads @ BetoORourke by 3 % in Texas Senate race . https : //t.co/q6bm5i4U3J
. @ RepLeeZeldin : `` James Comey leaked classified information to the media . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/xOmGoD2uec
Memos written by former FBI Director James @ Comey released to Congress ; Catherine Herridge reports . https : //t.co/npLZoBd9Sz https : //t.co/7HcBKH4I0r
Happening Now : President @ georgehwbush greets well-wishers as Barbara Bush lies in repose . https : //t.co/dECDP9JS78
. @ newtgingrich : `` It 's clear that [ @ HillaryClinton ] broke the law over and over and over again . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/fD2eHa44br
BREAKING NEWS : Justice Department IG reportedly probing @ Comey memos over classified material https : //t.co/0JKgwOtIDw https : //t.co/0BawOAtPtj
BREAKING NEWS : @ WSJ : At least 2 memos @ Comey gave to friend to leak contained classifed information according to @ TheJusticeDept watchdog . https : //t.co/prTX23cnde
. @ SenSchumer gets in on the 4/20 celebrations by voicing support for marijuana decriminalization https : //t.co/gIC9wcY5zv
' @ FoxNewsSunday ' EXCLUSIVE : French President Macron Sits Down With Chris Wallace https : //t.co/FlBz3NHUVt
Luke Messer campaign slams report Senate hopeful hid DUIs before replacing rep killed by drunk driver https : //t.co/BW6FxSEH1c
Barbara Bush lies in repose at St. Martin ’ s Episcopal Church in Houston , Texas . https : //t.co/Z3kEdOdbNy https : //t.co/eeyx1X2Iit
Poll : 60 % of Texas voters support using the @ USNationalGuard to patrol the border . https : //t.co/6i9O8qgfyg
. @ TomiLahren : `` You have the Republicans that are saying , 'We want a wall , we want to protect Americans , ' and you have Democrats that are saying , 'What we really want to do is protect illegal immigrants . ' '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/jOGtpcewKK
Marie Harf : `` Being @ CIA Director is a probably better job for [ Mike Pompeo ] . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/CgfAm9n6pf
. @ HARRISFAULKNER : `` People want to put us down for wanting to put ourselves first . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/rIldvducBv
. @ TomiLahren : `` When the governor of California says , 'I 'm not going to let the @ USNationalGuard enforce federal immigration law , ' let that sink in . That is the Democratic Party . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/TIUYa3yi7P
. @ AriFleischer : `` The only reason @ TheDemocrats do n't want what works is because @ realDonaldTrump is for it . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/EeUMEh0ikE
Poll : 53 % of Texas voters oppose building a wall along the border with Mexico . https : //t.co/Nbq2dUCbu2
TOMORROW : The Funeral of Barbara Bush anchored by @ ShepNewsTeam - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/zAbMEeKa3R
. @ AriFleischer : `` Vis-a-vis @ Comey what I will say , though , is this is the book tour that backfired . I 've never seen a book tour go so wrong . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/xpPPQRt18w
Students walkout of school in New York City to protest gun violence on the 19th anniversary of the Columbine High School shooting . https : //t.co/ZSmsCIy4os
. @ TomiLahren : `` I 'm wondering what @ NancyPelosi is reading . I question her sanity on a daily basis , but even moreso today . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/q9UYfME4Ro
. @ TomiLahren : `` [ @ POTUS ] been living under this cloud for this long with no evidence of collusion . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/iyA3GWrkVn
. @ AriFleischer : `` I fail to see where there is any obstruction of justice or collusion involved here . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/GIywOTyI5o
'F*** the Law ! ' : CUNY Law School Students Disrupt Professor 's Lecture on Free Speech https : //t.co/Q63ZmaNGic
. @ KarlRove : `` There 's no evidence whatsoever of obstruction and again nothing has offered up that suggests collusion . '' https : //t.co/D6FYTcMgq7
Rudy to the rescue ? Giuliani vows to wrap up Mueller probe https : //t.co/kdI4dPe5LT
Democratic Party files federal lawsuit alleging conspiracy by Trump campaign , Russia , WikiLeaks to disrupt 2016 presidential election https : //t.co/PWbnFgQz9t
Breaking News : Democratic Party files federal lawsuit alleging conspiracy by Trump campaign , Russia , WikiLeaks to disrupt 2016 presidential election https : //t.co/PWbnFgQz9t
. @ FoxNewsSunday EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron ahead of his state visit to the U.S .

The interview airs Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings for times ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET . https : //t.co/wbzAiC3O4h https : //t.co/Hox2q0P3pB
On @ foxandfriends , @ TomiLahren discussed the deadly ambush on two police officers in Florida . https : //t.co/zz4sVUaGA8 https : //t.co/VIAghIxLEB
. @ wjmcgurn : `` The irony of the Jim Comey memos is they seem to do the most harm to Jim Comey 's reputation . '' https : //t.co/ZevM60Bsgz
. @ POTUS claims vindication following release of Comey memos . https : //t.co/7l6m9OCv9K
. @ IvankaTrump , U.S. Treasurer Jovita Carranza , @ senrobportman , @ RepJimRenacci , and Mayor Bobst discuss tax reform in Ohio . ( Courtesy : WJW ) https : //t.co/EeOzF4QSbT
Anthony Bourdain slams Alec Baldwin 's take on # MeToo movement : 'Just shut up ' https : //t.co/uhzBZdJIHZ
. @ AlanDersh : `` We have a presumption of innocence - and I see no indication that @ POTUS did anything wrong either before he became president or after he became president . '' https : //t.co/r9ETJsrWFC
Public pays respects to Barbara Bush today ; @ DanaPerino reports . https : //t.co/sjxOxr7ekO https : //t.co/EUCYrEd8Yi
Comedian Jay Mohr calls for professor who bashed late Barbara Bush to be fired https : //t.co/ORYZx47BLj
. @ newtgringrich on Dems Opposing Pompeo : Trump Should Hold Rallies in Their States and Call Them Out https : //t.co/i57f9Pswhd https : //t.co/fQL57DK3Is
. @ NYGovCuomo claims he 's 'undocumented , ' challenges officials to deport him https : //t.co/qhqfAV5l5E https : //t.co/m2vFN5K9ug
Officials hold a news conference after two police officers were killed on Thursday in Trenton , Florida . https : //t.co/vVlGnqCQ36 https : //t.co/KjIua48NuS
Gingrich on Dems Opposing Pompeo : Trump Should Hold Rallies in Their States and Call Them Out https : //t.co/3k7ZFSspfg
Michigan couple with 13 sons welcomes number 14 https : //t.co/hcBb8uI4lu
. @ chuckschumer voices support for marijuana decriminalization https : //t.co/gIC9wcY5zv
Bush-hating Fresno State professor passes out fake number , floods crisis hotline with calls https : //t.co/SzZFDXhCls
. @ marklevinshow on James @ Comey : `` He 's exposing himself to the American people as a very petty , superficial man . '' @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/aaqMFaw8Bz
DC lawmaker 's make-good visit to Holocaust museum after controversial comments goes awry https : //t.co/CGxpPBVZ4J
Rudy to the rescue ? Giuliani vows to wrap up Mueller probe - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/CVA1jwLgeQ
Florida high school shooting leaves one person injured ; suspect in custody https : //t.co/RHy9QmOIsA
. @ TomiLahren : “ Californians are waking up . They ’ re understanding that safety has no political party and they do n't want their families to be in danger in our state. ” https : //t.co/d0qlyTxUNE https : //t.co/ipuxVCK7xm
. @ TomiLahren : “ Luckily we have a president now that stands behind law enforcement. ” https : //t.co/t42Ux51c2h @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/oLikG6ipOo
Anthony Bourdain slams Alec Baldwin 's take on # MeToo movement https : //t.co/zX5u6RAdHj
. @ SouthwestAir gives some passengers on harrowing flight $ 5,000 as compensation , letter says https : //t.co/tK6ZAhaKtE
. @ billwellsmayor on California 's sanctuary policy : `` This is about safety and as mayors of cities , we do n't have the luxury of playing politics . We have to keep our citizens safe . '' @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/13QwQ94esM
. @ FoxNewsSunday EXCLUSIVE : Chris Wallace sits down with French President @ EmmanuelMacron ahead of his state visit to the U.S .

The interview airs Sunday on FOX ( check your local listings for times ) and on Fox News Channel at 2p and 7p ET . https : //t.co/wbzAiClpsR https : //t.co/0CnVIhP6Ap
Driver survives terrifying 50-foot plunge off highway overpass https : //t.co/j8cXPQsZOC
. @ RLHeinrichs on the Pompeo nomination : `` This is the height of playing politics with national security . '' @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/wjwaWBqxGD
Hotline links South , North Korean leaders ahead of rare summit https : //t.co/qcpyx468vB https : //t.co/ENMg1TkgRU
. @ POTUS speaks to members of the media during his visit to Joint Interagency Task Force South anti-smuggling center in Key West , Florida , Thursday , April 19. https : //t.co/bjs49X901v
OPINION : @ marcthiessen : Pompeo is close to confirmation and 11 senators are close to making a colossal mistake ( via @ FoxNewsOpinion ) https : //t.co/C5CGYaoGXf
Trump : Flynn 's life 'destroyed ' while Comey allowed to 'Leak and Lie'- via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/KQ5YnfMlNZ
Historic hotline links South , North Korean leaders ahead of rare summit https : //t.co/DCVmoYjODN
. @ DiamondandSilk on @ foxandfriends : “ Sanctuaries are for birds , catch and release are for fish . When you come to this country , come here the right way. ” https : //t.co/qhqfAV5l5E https : //t.co/i7saIKgtkx
. @ DiamondandSilk on @ foxandfriends : “ When you come in this country , you must be legal. ” https : //t.co/qhqfAV5l5E https : //t.co/FJFIFnFbPG
Former President George W. Bush , left , presents a medal of Distinguished Leadership to U2 musician Bono during a gala for the Forum on Leadership at the George W. Bush Institute . https : //t.co/YkkesZ3JaA https : //t.co/Dcu3ibEFa3
Man stole Coors beer truck , led cops on chase , police say https : //t.co/F5iKhPrSX6
. @ USArmy developing 'nano-satellites ' for space warfare https : //t.co/ygrtTLzVHv
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : EXCLUSIVE : Chris sits down with French President Emmanuel Macron at the Élysée Palace ahead of his state visit to the Un…
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about speaking at the Naval Academy 's graduation in May . https : //t.co/CQbCBbp5IC
Bush-bashing professor has Fresno State scrambling to keep its donors https : //t.co/jC2ZNX1xMu
Pope Francis offers condolences to Bush family after death of former first lady Barbara Bush https : //t.co/XoH1J7wXbT
Colorado 's 'Barack Obama Highway ' bill could face rocky road to passage https : //t.co/IH7HlCzUkx
`` @ POTUS is doing what he was elected to do : disrupt the status quo . ''

In a feature for @ TIME​ , @ SenTedCruz supported President # Trump as one of the Most Influential People of 2018. https : //t.co/pUfLKCjicV
. @ POTUS to speak at U.S . Naval Academy Graduation in May https : //t.co/kAMa5Awwdc
. @ VP Mike Pence heads to North Carolina to promote tax cuts https : //t.co/otDoUQAsOn
Solomon Wisenberg on @ Comey memos : `` There 's no underlying crime for @ POTUS reflected in these notes at all , certainly nothing approaching obstruction of justice . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/md4ravoGpf https : //t.co/iynABB5BgE
Two Florida deputies killed in apparent ambush at restaurant , suspect dead https : //t.co/vVlGnqCQ36 @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/Z2Go7RgBbX
Barbara Bush memorial service today https : //t.co/Z3kEdOdbNy @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/jMCTfrXDPx
Students leaving class on Columbine anniversary today @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/pXqD4JpmAD
. @ PlanetTyrus : “ If you ’ re here illegally , you ’ re already breaking the law . And if you do something violent , you should be held up…If it was a normal American citizen , and he had a warrant in a different place , they ’ re going to hold him. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/WuG35Ugmom
. @ JaniceDean gives an update on the weather on @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/mQielAf2Yf
Comey memos : Trump wanted FBI to make public he was not under investigation over Russia ties https : //t.co/U1zrzvdJIC
Houston holds `` Celebration of Life '' for former First Lady Barbara Bush . @ MikeEmanuelFox has the story . https : //t.co/jfLb0HBpe5
Comedian Jay Mohr calls for professor who bashed late Barbara Bush to be fired https : //t.co/s3AncB7ZbW
MS-13 directs members to 'take out a cop ' in NY https : //t.co/ITKCf9oSfN
. @ SouthwestAir hero pilot texted friend 'God is good ' after landing https : //t.co/Aa4uG3Rg7T
Louisiana homeowner finds naked intruder in her tub , eating Cheetos https : //t.co/9F3orGTp1Q
. @ AlanDersh : “ There should ’ ve been a nonpartisan , national commission of experts looking into the entire 2016 election…When you start by looking for crimes , you don ’ t end up getting the truth. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/Vt1JAKxCdr
Ronald Vitiello : “ No jurisdiction should be put in a place where they ’ re protecting people who have broken the law. ” https : //t.co/EXloeH7U6M
. @ NYGovCuomo grants 35,000 paroled felons right to vote ; GOP sees 'power grab ' https : //t.co/X8U0qccGLX
Tammie Jo Shults , the @ SouthwestAir pilot who is being hailed as a hero for her efforts to land a damaged aircraft after a deadly engine explosion , texted a powerful message to a friend upon touching down : `` God is good . '' https : //t.co/JQTuhpI0CL https : //t.co/6hypAI7vXA
Suspected 9/11 recruiter for Al Qaeda captured in Syria , Pentagon says https : //t.co/k02MISooWw
In a tweet Thursday , President @ realDonaldTrump thanked San Diego County for deciding to back his administration 's lawsuit against the state over its sanctuary city laws . https : //t.co/GGRD1kMA7g https : //t.co/n7PDzW0o74
OPINION : Professor celebrating Barbara Bush ’ s death deserves to be fired https : //t.co/5SlR0iFTZI
`` @ POTUS is doing what he was elected to do : disrupt the status quo . ''

In a feature for @ TIME​ , @ SenTedCruz supported President # Trump as one of the Most Influential People of 2018. https : //t.co/ORAfjxcgjA
. @ KellyannePolls : “ This is a president who , from the beginning , has been compliant and transparent , and has never gotten in the way of this investigation. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/CAAuDhJCWr
Nikolas Cruz vomited , hyperventilated during arrest , police say https : //t.co/czO0cvrztJ
Pope Francis offers condolences to Bush family after death of former first lady Barbara Bush
https : //t.co/N9XSyfmmQq
Ken Starr : “ Lying to Congress , like lying to the FBI , like lying under oath…is an extremely serious thing . It ’ s a potential felony. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/HQKLHVsqKP
Man stole Coors beer truck , led cops on chase , police say
https : //t.co/4oGrS3sb4V
Rudy Giuliani to join # Trump ’ s legal team https : //t.co/rGv17BNjc1
Michael Barone on Mueller probe : `` A lot of critics of @ realDonaldTrump have been itching at the bait here waiting for @ POTUS to be thrown out of town by Robert Mueller ... It 's become increasingly obvious that the chances of that happening are zooming down towards zero . '' https : //t.co/tVuEvcEaM0
Meghan McCain Grills Comey on Tell-All Book : 'J . Edgar Hoover Is Rolling Over in His Grave ' https : //t.co/spYMYE8bSJ
. @ PlanetTyrus : “ If you ’ re here illegally , you ’ re already breaking the law . And if you do something violent , you should be held up…If it was a normal American citizen , and he had a warrant in a different place , they ’ re going to hold him. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/RfRC6NFeSh
. @ TomiLahren on special counsel Russia probe : “ This has been going on far too long. ” # Outnumbered https : //t.co/Dcj5Bp0Eid
People stand on the sidewalk holding signs as they watch motorcade vehicles transporting @ POTUS drive past en route to the Joint Interagency Task Force South anti-smuggling center in Key West , Florida . https : //t.co/m4hCW6flRl
OPINION : Without a Comey prosecution , there ’ s no hope for healing America ( via @ SteveHiltonx ) https : //t.co/FV6XGgx7VX
'We Want Him Home ' : Parents of American Held Captive in Syria Speak Out https : //t.co/5dtO4ejhha
Andrew Cuomo claims he 's 'undocumented , ' challenges officials to deport him https : //t.co/9MCb2Z2qu5
. @ kimguilfoyle : “ It ’ s really gotten to be pretty accelerated and out of control in California…We want people to come into this country legally , we welcome with open arms. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/NsnlYcXNap
. @ LindseyGrahamSC : “ I have no belief that @ POTUS is going to fire Mueller or Rosenstein . I think that would be a disaster. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/32fQSdHUDK
DOJ watchdog sends criminal referral for McCabe to federal prosecutor https : //t.co/HRXWubahl7
Brandon Judd : `` Thank goodness that [ California residents are ] pushing back and they 're giving President @ realDonaldTrump the ground that he needs to continue to go after [ these cities ] and say we 're not going to do this anymore . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/0snNDVhkBl https : //t.co/hW5a9luaJt
. @ IngrahamAngle : `` If the choice is supporting the anti-Trump resistance , or supporting policies that deliver real results , the Democrats are gon na choose the resistance every time . '' https : //t.co/VwMSgQdFfY
David Copperfield forced to reveal illusion secret in court https : //t.co/EW3VBdjLKK
. @ AriFleischer : `` There 's a large group of people in this country who have not accepted the results of an election . And as a result of that , they will support anything that makes @ realDonaldTrump look bad so they can hopefully throw him out of office . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/FZW0SlkvFR
Victor Davis Hanson on Comey memos : `` [ Comey ] went into the meeting intending to memorialize [ POTUS , ] so he was careful . [ @ realDonaldTrump ] had no idea that this conversation would ever get out . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/ip89IuKtAh
. @ ChristopherHahn on @ Comey : `` He inserted himself into politics in a way that no FBI director ever should . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/26zQwKohI6 https : //t.co/J4xq4JPu3H
Comey memos : Trump wanted FBI to make public he was not under investigation over Russia ties https : //t.co/Ilh2Vl5WR1
Bobby Chacon on @ Comey memos : `` His mindset was that @ POTUS was an adversary right from the beginning , before they even had a relationship , he 's treating [ President @ realDonaldTrump ] as his adversary . And it 's clear [ from him ] creating these memos . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/uP2JFiy6SW
. @ SenDuckworth brings baby to work ; first infant inside Senate chamber https : //t.co/KERmWJ1tZk
Solomon Wisenberg on @ Comey memos : `` There 's no underlying crime for @ POTUS reflected in these notes at all , certainly nothing approaching obstruction of justice . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/md4ravGhNP https : //t.co/ODjlcIiTSy
. @ TomFitton Says Comey 's an Anti-Trump Activist : 'He Might as Well Be Running the DNC ' https : //t.co/RSamPgZP4j
. @ RepChrisStewart on Comey memos : `` [ Comey is ] trying to cast as deep a shadow as he possibly could over [ @ POTUS ] . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/md4ravGhNP https : //t.co/ZGkHQtyj4X
. @ KellyannePolls : “ Let these [ @ Comey ] memos out there . People have been calling for transparency and accountability. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/rBFTuRFRrV
. @ KellyannePolls : “ This is a president who , from the beginning , has been compliant and transparent , and has never gotten in the way of this investigation. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/RF3RpmUhbR
`` @ POTUS is doing what he was elected to do : disrupt the status quo . ''

In a feature for @ TIME​ , @ SenTedCruz supported President # Trump as one of the Most Influential People of 2018. https : //t.co/ZKNHBQnMpo
Former President George W. Bush awards the Medal for Distinguished Leadership to singer Bono for utilizing his platform & amp ; influence to inspire more than 9 million people around the world to take action to end extreme poverty & amp ; preventable disease in Africa https : //t.co/PYRtZLrbot
'We 're Taking a Stand ' : Illinois County Declares Itself a Sanctuary for Gun Owners https : //t.co/eRjMuzNG07
. @ NYGovCuomo grants 35,000 paroled felons right to vote ; GOP sees 'power grab ' https : //t.co/JhGO4Syvru
. @ AlanDersh : “ I do think that this is a national problem that all Americans should be concerned with on a nonpartisan basis. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/wvVHTcjVcP
. @ AlanDersh : “ There should ’ ve been a nonpartisan , national commission of experts looking into the entire 2016 election…When you start by looking for crimes , you don ’ t end up getting the truth. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/PZUkww6Qas
MUST SEE @ FoxNewsSunday : French President @ EmmanuelMacron sits down with Chris Wallace for an EXCLUSIVE interview from the Elysee Palace in Paris . Check your local listings and tune in to Fox News Channel , Sunday at 2p ET and 7p ET . https : //t.co/jIgPFJ9CIt
In a tweet Thursday , President @ realDonaldTrump thanked San Diego County for deciding to back his administration 's lawsuit against the state over its sanctuary city laws . https : //t.co/acrnLxPa0v https : //t.co/igO8LdJdyB
Suspected 9/11 recruiter for Al Qaeda captured in Syria , Pentagon says https : //t.co/mkjhSI2Fb8
BREAKING : Comey memo : Trump said he 'needed ' and 'expected ' loyalty https : //t.co/xlEyjadEZ5
. @ EdwardLawrence on Comey memo contents : `` On several occasions , at least two , we can find that James Comey documented that @ POTUS asked him to get out the information that the president was not a target of the [ Russia ] investigation . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/md4ravGhNP https : //t.co/UljO7iAz3t
Illinois Dems push bill rewarding schools that replace armed officers with therapists https : //t.co/0tfPI2RCDW
Earlier , @ FLGovScott issued a statement about the two sheriff 's deputies who were killed in an apparent ambush at a restaurant . https : //t.co/aKh7dmzUvU https : //t.co/pNUc74y4n4
DOJ turns over redacted Comey memos to congressional committees https : //t.co/md4ravGhNP https : //t.co/vjd0MYidBH
Supreme Court delays Alabama execution of 83-year-old package bomber https : //t.co/qSMfzilzEZ
. @ JoeConchaTV on James @ Comey 's book tour : `` He does n't need the money , he 's fine in that department . What he needs is attention . He craves to be relevant . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/2GgQZ9Ywao
Christy Setzer : `` Either [ Rosenstein ] is just appeasing [ @ POTUS ] and saying that he is not a target because he does n't want to get fired ... It 's possible that he is not currently a target of the investigation . But that does n't say that he could n't be tomorrow . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/8ZB09XJV4Y
Chris Swecker on McCabe criminal referral : `` It 's ironic that the potential charge would be ... lying to the FBI . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/AhaN9O7W9P https : //t.co/lpgu3ksMvF
BREAKING : DOJ gives congressional committees redacted @ Comey memos on his meetings with @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/CnxVnt6BiM
. @ TomFitton on Cohen investigation : `` [ McCabe 's ] conduct that 's been alleged by the inspector general ... has tainted both investigations . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/AhaN9O7W9P https : //t.co/9ZGSLpR7hV
Houston holds `` Celebration of Life '' for former First Lady Barbara Bush . @ MikeEmanuelFox has the story . https : //t.co/SpzND7Rx7I
Alex Rodriguez 's 'nephew ' kidnapped in New York City hotel over $ 600G Lamborghini sale https : //t.co/dSWen0JGrk
Gilchrist County Sheriff Robert Schultz makes remarks . Two deputies were killed today in what appears to be an ambush attack at a Florida restaurant . ( Courtesy : WFOX-WJAX ) https : //t.co/aKh7dmzUvU https : //t.co/KGBJ2aO2Qr
. @ realDonaldTrump claims @ Comey threw McCabe 'under the bus ' after criminal referral https : //t.co/z914SZbnBj
Ken Starr : “ Lying to Congress , like lying to the FBI , like lying under oath…is an extremely serious thing . It ’ s a potential felony. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/Ea9yovpj35
Tammie Jo Shults , the @ SouthwestAir pilot who is being hailed as a hero for her efforts to land a damaged aircraft after a deadly engine explosion , texted a powerful message to a friend upon touching down : `` God is good . '' https : //t.co/JQTuhpI0CL https : //t.co/u5LHqTP6sl
Kardashians announce closure of all Dash boutique stores https : //t.co/YVm7ZNIBvg
Charles Lane : `` Maybe there is honestly some new thinking in the White House about the best approach here , that maybe if you bring in Rudy Giuliani as a whole new face to sit down with Mueller and say , 'okay let 's cut a deal of some kind here , ' ... You ca n't rule it out . '' https : //t.co/ejX7yiDTYZ
. @ realDonaldTrump offered his condolences to the families , friends and colleagues of the deputies who were shot and killed in an apparent ambush Thursday at a Florida restaurant . https : //t.co/aKh7dmzUvU https : //t.co/4oOojDyRli
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ stevenmnuchin : `` When we say that the # TaxCuts pay for themselves , that 's looking at - what would the government revenue…
. @ Judgenap on Cohen investigation : `` @ realDonaldTrump may not have been the target of the raid , but he is a subject of it . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/ucDfnJvLLd https : //t.co/6uNdWK9vx8
. @ Judgenap on McCabe firing : `` If you are going to indict people for lying to FBI agents , then why are you not going to indict the number two person in the FBI for lying to other FBI agents . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/AhaN9O7W9P https : //t.co/9uenSBRtqs
Kansas day care accused of 'tying down ' infants , investigation underway https : //t.co/9q0towiyiO
3 in National Guard disciplined over use of dinosaur hand puppet during oath ceremony https : //t.co/KrRH6nUFyv
Stephon Clark 's brother arrested on suspicion of threats https : //t.co/qfuHdJsOXa
Federal court rules against Trump 's sanctuary city crackdown efforts https : //t.co/j0R8X13bL1
. @ JesseBWatters : Gov . Cuomo Trying to Be the 'Anti-Trump Crusader ' https : //t.co/DyyZkq5EWu
Two Florida deputies killed in apparent ambush at restaurant https : //t.co/aKh7dmzUvU https : //t.co/ZavEhCP6ry
A look at Miguel Diaz-Canel , the new president of Cuba . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/7oUefnKsiw https : //t.co/LMxYuMwMpL
Passenger claims Southwest Airlines lost her mother 's prosthetic foot https : //t.co/rS1DsCe7ci
Russia , Syria worked to 'sanitize , ' 'remove incriminating evidence ' from chemical attack site , US says https : //t.co/a1gDCJlUxV
Indiana girl , 3 , accidentally shot pregnant mother , police say https : //t.co/xJ91L1qrjd
BREAKING : Two Florida deputies shot and killed ; suspect reported dead https : //t.co/yz0p4huFnx
MUST SEE @ FoxNewsSunday : French President @ EmmanuelMacron sits down with Chris Wallace for an EXCLUSIVE interview from the Elysee Palace in Paris . Check your local listings and tune in to Fox News Channel , Sunday at 2p ET and 7p ET . https : //t.co/lvstG04DB7
. @ PlanetTyrus : “ If you ’ re here illegally , you ’ re already breaking the law . And if you do something violent , you should be held up…If it was a normal American citizen , and he had a warrant in a different place , they ’ re going to hold him. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/2B6WK7Orim
. @ kimguilfoyle : “ It ’ s really gotten to be pretty accelerated and out of control in California…We want people to come into this country legally , we welcome with open arms. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/hR0EobNEu7
Lance Armstrong settles $ 100M lawsuit with US government https : //t.co/966XzfFM5O
Eight California cities make up top 10 most polluted US cities , study says https : //t.co/YUpudeqlTZ
BREAKING : Rudy Giuliani to join # Trump ’ s legal team https : //t.co/rGv17BvIkt
New emails bolster GOP claims of FBI , DOJ 'coordination ' on Clinton case response https : //t.co/lSJAeQxl02
. @ SteveHiltonx : Without a Comey prosecution , there ’ s no hope for healing America https : //t.co/Na07GIEx5K
Tom Dupree on McCabe firing : `` The fact that this referral came from the inspector general carries a lot of weight I think in the law enforcement circles because the IG is not viewed as a partisan official . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/AhaN9O7W9P https : //t.co/cPzaLX20yF
Michael Barone on Mueller probe : `` A lot of critics of @ realDonaldTrump have been itching at the bait here waiting for @ POTUS to be thrown out of town by Robert Mueller ... It 's become increasingly obvious that the chances of that happening are zooming down towards zero . '' https : //t.co/0SWn6Xf970
Georgia newborn 's only hope is heart transplant , dad says https : //t.co/92qOfacAeb
. @ NYGovCuomo claims he 's 'undocumented , ' challenges officials to deport him https : //t.co/zCJZpZI3x4
Rosenstein tells Trump he is not a target of Cohen investigation https : //t.co/fMTGDLt6P6
Report : Rosenstein told @ realDonaldTrump he is not a target in the Mueller probe . Catherine Herridge has the story . @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/NfQtoH8Qxr
RT @ FoxBusiness : At the close : https : //t.co/s39wBbaFCh
'We 're Taking a Stand ' : Illinois County Declares Itself a Sanctuary for Gun Owners https : //t.co/eRjMuA5hoH
Prince thought he was taking Vicodin , not fentanyl ; no charges filed in his death https : //t.co/5l0JUCbTGO
MS-13 directs members to 'take out a cop ' in NY https : //t.co/ITKCf97hof
DOJ watchdog sends criminal referral for McCabe to federal prosecutor - @ brookefoxnews https : //t.co/q6RCe49MCa
Meghan McCain Grills Comey on Tell-All Book : 'J . Edgar Hoover Is Rolling Over in His Grave ' https : //t.co/spYMYDQAu9
OPINION : Professor celebrating Barbara Bush ’ s death deserves to be fired https : //t.co/5SlR0iXvoi
The Justice Department ’ s internal watchdog has reportedly sent a criminal referral for fired @ FBI official Andrew McCabe to the U.S. attorney ’ s office in Washington . Catherine Herridge reports . @ ShepNewsTeam https : //t.co/AhaN9O7W9P https : //t.co/zUy6jGs8dd
Pompeo , @ POTUS ' pick for secretary of state , faces tough battle for Senate confirmation https : //t.co/bZSvfgI1SD
MUST SEE @ FoxNewsSunday : French President @ EmmanuelMacron sits down with Chris Wallace for an EXCLUSIVE interview from the Elysee Palace in Paris . Check your local listings and tune in to Fox News Channel , Sunday at 2p ET and 7p ET . https : //t.co/bVXb4m1xQ8
National averages for regular gas . # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/ZdYsxZhGrR
Colin Reed on 2018 midterms : `` [ Democrats ] have a lot of things going for them but what they do n't have is a message . They are instead squabbling about issues like single-payer health care and whether or not to impeach @ POTUS . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/jaGceq8qSF
Missing ambassador , US Embassy in Germany pays for prof who compared Trump to ISIS https : //t.co/W5ZZxxTgfE
Tonight the City of Houston will celebrate the life and legacy of Barbara Bush . @ caseystegall has the story . # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/Z3kEdOdbNy https : //t.co/mOiUt5juw7
Condemned California home with holes in roof , mildew , sells for $ 1.23 million https : //t.co/IYfODx6vmj
DOJ watchdog reportedly sends criminal referral for McCabe to federal prosecutor - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/s6BKJdDdDd
Desmond Meade : `` When I hear the stories of veterans who have placed their lives on the line for this country , to come back to [ Florida ] and write a bad check , and have to wait 30 , 40 years before they 're able to vote again ... There 's something wrong with that . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/GskhPESxG5
Desmond Meade on felon voting rights in Florida : `` The folks that have served their time , that have paid their debt , you know , they should be given that opportunity to earn that eligibility to vote . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/HsUzsmnOLT https : //t.co/MVubIEChHt
Rare Titanic rescue letters surface https : //t.co/zQgnKmqvCv
Alex Rodriguez 's nephew kidnapped in New York City hotel over $ 600G Lamborghini sale ( via @ byKatherineLam ) https : //t.co/M15YI9CHqI
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : House GOP Criminal Referral :
•11 House GOP want probe into :
—Comey
—Clinton
—Lynch
—McCabe
—Strzok & amp ; Page
•Potential v…
Sen. Lankford : Turkey Holding NC Pastor on 'Trumped-Up ' Charges as Leverage Against US https : //t.co/18GjaQEtU6
. @ POTUS departs @ NASKeyWest . https : //t.co/aifRWY9KEz
. @ POTUS in Key West , Florida visiting Joint Interagency Task Force South https : //t.co/5KhycCanda
RT @ FoxBusiness : # HappeningNow : @ POTUS tours Joint Interagency Task Force South https : //t.co/nrZuKpZJiS
People stand on the sidewalk holding signs as they watch motorcade vehicles transporting @ POTUS drive past en route to the Joint Interagency Task Force South anti-smuggling center in Key West , Florida . https : //t.co/ICGEe0uaMW
Syrian Kurd renames son 'Trump , ' plans 'Nikki Haley ' for girl ( via @ holliesmckay ) https : //t.co/UYlU0hrFc1
Firefighter , nurse on Southwest flight 'felt moved to act ' ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/NyWdlBEvyx
Comey vs. the World : G-man sparring with old deputy , boss amid war with Trump and Clinton - @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/q5pQeyQqcc
Prince thought he was taking Vicodin , not fentanyl ; no charges filed in his death https : //t.co/tuWnGW83Zi
Meet the US military 's warship killer : These new missiles will sink enemy ships
https : //t.co/pO8qrb41HT
Navy veteran 's therapy dog missing after car crash https : //t.co/ji60P5OJe3
OPINION : Professor celebrating Barbara Bush ’ s death deserves to be fired ( via @ FoxNewsOpinion ) https : //t.co/CYX6saVKKi
. @ SouthwestAir hero pilot texted friend 'God is good ' after landing https : //t.co/Gqhe4Pye3E
Marie Harf : “ There are serious concerns about whether Mike Pompeo believes in diplomacy as a tool to solve problems. ” # Outnumbered https : //t.co/7WMDYLatN3
Utah man falls to death while climbing a cliff to fire a flaming arrow into a heart display for his wife 's birthday https : //t.co/nRpo8g3xYn
Breaking News : Philadelphia police commissioner apologizes to two men arrested at @ Starbucks https : //t.co/zdhWzESUua
Putin set to get new limousine before # Trump https : //t.co/eqVbWfAqkJ
. @ TomiLahren on special counsel Russia probe : “ This has been going on far too long. ” # Outnumbered https : //t.co/nZl2gYhquf
Comey vs. the World : G-man sparring with old deputy , boss amid war with Trump and Clinton - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/q5pQeyQqcc
Breaking News : One dead , several injured after TV station tower collapses in Missouri https : //t.co/RcpfqDhXQN
Planned Parenthood Spends Millions on Midterms : Loesch Says Taxpayers 'Forced ' to Finance Dems https : //t.co/A7F3AOC1hV
. @ POTUS arrives at Naval Air Station Key West . https : //t.co/tWqaF8GXvb
. @ POTUS takes off from Palm Beach , Florida https : //t.co/HMHOjNLol7
'Part of Who We Are ' : Nurse Recounts Trying to Save Passenger on Harrowing Southwest Flight https : //t.co/ltySvTZnUM
Rep. @ NancyPelosi holds her weekly news conference . https : //t.co/n7cCmSMAlE
Firefighter on the @ SouthwestAir flight victim 's family : `` My heart is broken for them . I just pray that they find comfort , they find healing . '' https : //t.co/WgT7eJLhtA
Southwest Airlines hero pilot texted friend 'God is good ' after landing https : //t.co/Aa4uG48Rwt
Michael Anton , former National Security Council spokesman : “ The president has the right attitude about being willing to walk away. ” https : //t.co/Fyxsv0zdk6
Andrew Needum : “ I think we ’ ve all grown from this circumstance…This isn ’ t over as far as the healing goes. ” https : //t.co/3LYNkAEjFU https : //t.co/0gbNwGaOnQ
. @ USNavy veteran 's therapy dog missing after car crash https : //t.co/wLZ5KszG6h
Ronald Vitiello : “ No jurisdiction should be put in a place where they ’ re protecting people who have broken the law. ” https : //t.co/0mkTbEjmcY
Ronald Vitiello : “ We ’ ve asked for a certain level of missions from all the border states . We ’ re grateful that the governors have agreed to deploy on the southwest border. ” https : //t.co/kScBDpECDO https : //t.co/AjyGXinueG
New York Yankees superstars respond to girl 's viral video on bullying trauma ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/HVX6rTUd5h
Tortoise found covered in red paint , concrete along Florida road
https : //t.co/aAWbx21x3t
MUST SEE @ FoxNewsSunday : French President @ EmmanuelMacron sits down with Chris Wallace for an EXCLUSIVE interview from the Elysee Palace in Paris . Check your local listings and tune in to Fox News Channel , Sunday at 2p ET and 7p ET . https : //t.co/dpB9S1zvXq
'Late Show With Stephen Colbert ' writer slammed for insensitive Barbara Bush tweet ( via @ Sashafb ) https : //t.co/GOKd7IlaEQ
REPORTING FOR DUTY : The Colorado Springs Police Department welcomed a 4-year-old boy battling cancer onto the force as an honorary police officer . https : //t.co/eoThQf1vUt https : //t.co/w1ZQTE0RzA
Phoenix K-9 unit police dog killed by carjacker after high-speed pursuit https : //t.co/JzuQAeKa64
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : Follow the FNS @ instagram account for a Behind the Scenes look at the # FNS team in Paris for the EXCLUSIVE interview wit…
Barbara Bush 's 'heroic act ' saved my life nearly 60 years ago , Texas woman says https : //t.co/9wXRUdNxDg
Maria Elvira Salazar on @ foxandfriends : “ We have to love and preserve the system , the American system , because it may not be perfect , but I assure you that it ’ s still the best that we have in the world. ” https : //t.co/VwaeRSPfpQ
Maria Elvira Salazar on @ foxandfriends : “ This is the best country in the world . That ’ s why everybody wants to come here…America offers you the opportunity to be somebody. ” https : //t.co/2oLK7XtxdC
Maria Elvira Salazar on @ foxandfriends : “ I was born a first-generation American , so we really appreciate the system and the freedoms of this country. ” https : //t.co/e4c2xtdNSC
Maria Elvira Salazar on @ foxandfriends : “ The power in Cuba remains in the hands of the Communist Party. ” https : //t.co/U1zdpzxr5e https : //t.co/50zGqY8cH8
Suspected 9/11 recruiter for Al Qaeda captured in Syria , report says https : //t.co/GBCTknNAVO
Kevin Jackson on @ Starbucks to close for racial bias training : “ Starbucks ’ job is to sell coffee. ” https : //t.co/i6WUziyjuY @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/zpIunxWkq4
Cat adopted after walking 12 miles back to family who then tried to have him euthanized https : //t.co/QS0HYQDuDv
A U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the summer home of former President George H. W. Bush and former first lady Barbara Bush in Kennebunkport , Maine . https : //t.co/9C9tWQkVpY
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : This # FNS : FOX News Sunday ’ s Chris Wallace travels to Paris for an Exclusive TV interview with French President Emmanuel…
Rapture prediction for April 23 just latest of kooky doomsday calls https : //t.co/rexoo8Wx2S
Photo of the Day : A honeybee approaches a cherry blossom at a fruit tree plantation in Markendorf , an area of Frankfurt an der Oder , in Germany . https : //t.co/MoT2XP6RLH
. @ JaniceDean gives an update on the weather on @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/P7DN6bAT1I
. @ Judgenap : Trump and the attorney-client privilege ( via @ FoxNewsOpinion ) https : //t.co/cXff3EPbaP
. @ real_jamielshaw on Governor Brown and California ’ s sanctuary laws @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/fo7FS8T7mR
CIA Director Mike Pompeo discussed imprisoned Americans with Kim Jong Un , report says ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/m5KS3QIAAI
Barbara Bush viewing , funeral plans set https : //t.co/Z3kEdOdbNy https : //t.co/VAKT5YUGbU
'He Held Her Hand All Day ' : George H.W . Bush by Barbara Bush 's Side When She Passed https : //t.co/4DhTCAGX3u
Communication breakdown : What the @ nikkihaley flap reveals about # Trump 's foreign policy https : //t.co/rdPGE2qqr6
Barbara Bush 's funeral will be attended by Melania # Trump , Clintons , others https : //t.co/rMWtoljWni
Bill Murray and brothers open 'Caddyshack'-themed restaurant near Chicago https : //t.co/LTKCjsJTBU
US pastor in Turkey tops list of Americans jailed , sentenced on dubious charges https : //t.co/Tq1olr5IOU
Tips pour in after Stormy Daniels shows sketch of suspect : report https : //t.co/R6yisTB7A3
Brett Velicovich : `` This is the future of warfare . It 's no longer going to be in the deep trenches of some far-flung land in the middle of nowhere , it 's going to be in the digital halls of the Internet . '' https : //t.co/jDFLUTQGuL
Bob Newhart talks on-screen chemistry with Suzanne Pleshette : 'Those things are hard to find ' https : //t.co/WeWpqeJ5bs
Airstrikes by US , allies failed to significantly reduce Syria 's chemical weapons capabilities : report https : //t.co/Ttsk3ANqHf
Pittsburgh police warn officers to bring 'riot gear ' to work in event # Trump fires Mueller https : //t.co/EtJm7yCItD https : //t.co/QMf1QDrbLD
Delta jet makes emergency landing as smoke pours from engine 1 day after Southwest disaster https : //t.co/qjIuqyMpyn
California to deploy 400 troops to southern border https : //t.co/FYa8kyLWYr
DHS reveals dozens of MS-13 , other gang members released by 'sanctuary ' policies https : //t.co/3XjCuNsfPz
Erin Popovich , wife of San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich , dies at 67 https : //t.co/9KouITbTl1
Amy Schumer responds to backlash over her new film 'I Feel Pretty ' https : //t.co/AG5qfVIBnP
. @ GOP reps refer @ Comey , # Clinton , McCabe for criminal investigation https : //t.co/3bACFxmQI1 https : //t.co/5UBlou60qv
Congress pushes four Dreamer immigration bills https : //t.co/eCxzYY4afh
Memorials held across the country to honor former First Lady # BarbaraBush https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/riYGpT9XZt
Dashcam video captured the dramatic moment pedestrians took down a man wanted by police for carrying a hunting knife in public . https : //t.co/o4Obbzl51P
WATCH : U.S. Navy submarine smashes through several feet of polar ice https : //t.co/7GcTxSqXiy
Bryan Kibler : `` We 're taking a stand and we 're making it known to the Illinois General Assembly that if they keep on this path of stripping away Second Amendment rights , there 's going to be blowback from the people of southern Illinois . '' https : //t.co/PjimYvrPHK
. @ ACLU lawsuit over anti-sanctuary law in Los Alamitos https : //t.co/HItSUDy3EO
Mike Gonzalez : `` The last thing the # Trump administration should do is throw this new president of the Cuban government a lifeline . '' https : //t.co/AozZINRBLu https : //t.co/SQQ9Afjqek
Democrat hopes McConnell changes mind about bill to protect Mueller 's job https : //t.co/ZFofV1A2bs
Family of Ohio teen crushed by minivan seat storms out of meeting , says councilman 'crossed the line ' https : //t.co/MOA8xvdygv
Love letter from George HW Bush to Barbara from WW2 goes viral https : //t.co/43R6DHCXNs
National Security analyst Dr. Rebecca Grant : `` # Trump is a deal-maker . I am so glad that we have an experienced person like him in this job . '' https : //t.co/GXuJtWp2V2 https : //t.co/xnCvBGY0sf
Three in @ USNationalGuard disciplined over use of dinosaur hand puppet during oath ceremony https : //t.co/5T5jgvA5bQ
Gunfire stalls @ UN Syria investigation https : //t.co/KRO23ZAfcV
# Trump says he 'll 'respectfully leave ' Kim Jong Un summit if talks are 'not fruitful ' https : //t.co/4nNupVLYjQ https : //t.co/PLAMUlA40x
The American flag is lowered to half-staff at President @ realDonaldTrump 's Mar-A-Lago club to honor former first lady # BarbaraBush . https : //t.co/eYBg3HrOAd
Death of H.R . McMaster 's father under investigation , reportedly 'suspicious ' https : //t.co/a3Fd12Golt
This adorable family of marmosets at the Symbio Wildlife Park in Australia loves to play . https : //t.co/0LH7DvJyHk
. @ KatiePavlich on Eric Holder potentially running for president : “ Republicans will use this against him if he decides to run because he deserves to be held accountable for [ Operation Fast and Furious ] since he wasn ’ t held accountable by Barack Obama. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/QaMg8injHz
Hillary Clinton 's popularity has plunged since election , poll finds https : //t.co/sFUR0BY6sm
Dr. Gina Loudon on Down syndrome abortions : “ Is there anything more heinous or more discriminating than killing someone based on a disability ? ” # TheStory https : //t.co/eXoEDqukyx
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe on Barbara Bush : `` Representing the Japanese people , I would like to express my condolences to former President Bush and to all the family members ; we express our heartfelt condolences . '' https : //t.co/xWJfkP3g4u
BREAKING NEWS : Magnitude 5.5 quake strikes southern Iran , near nuclear plant https : //t.co/1WfPXRLyWh
. @ GovMikeHuckabee on Mueller probe : `` The only [ people who are ] really talking about firing Mueller are the Democrats , the never-Trumpers and the # Trump haters . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/Oq4pWLX7PD https : //t.co/qjxRzFEJxp
ICE arrests 225 in NY immigration raids , many with criminal records https : //t.co/02jRmigQ3N
Her day job is spent saving lives as a nurse , but during her free time she 's a race car driver . https : //t.co/Og3iioc0YI
Man 'venting with a buzz ' gets prison for phone threats to Rep. McSally of Arizona https : //t.co/ywTyZa6EKy
# TheFive remembers Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/jFnlGjoRWD https : //t.co/53OSasuijx
911 operator who hung up on emergency calls is sentenced to jail https : //t.co/9G83eeSF9n
. @ Franklin_Graham : “ When my mother passed away , my father never did get over it… I know that President [ George H.W . Bush ] is going through the same. ” https : //t.co/K9gKWBOYK9
. @ mattgaetz : “ If lies were music , Jim Comey would be Beethoven. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/hIfNr3egvd
George W. Bush : `` It 's the end of a beautiful life . '' # BarbaraBush @ FoxBusiness @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/95fPPUxBV9
Man impersonated soldier , ran off with $ 100G marquise diamond , police say https : //t.co/c38P6xlC4N
Missing WWII German submarine found after nearly 73 years lost at sea https : //t.co/dmGQRPzOPj
. @ JonathanTurley : “ [ Comey ’ s ] going to make a lot of money , but in the process , he ’ s going to do untold harm to the institution he once headed. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/8E3ESwUuaI
Fake coupons emerge after @ Starbucks incident in Philly https : //t.co/0plRoLzLdP
11 House Republicans call on AG Sessions to investigate @ Comey , @ HillaryClinton , and other @ TheJusticeDept officials ; Catherine Herridge reports . https : //t.co/S3lrMYJZGH
Man stole ticket from Don Larsen 's 1956 perfect game , police say https : //t.co/xV4rUTT4WP
Dashcam video captured the dramatic moment pedestrians in Cardiff , Wales took down a man wanted by police for carrying a hunting knife in public . https : //t.co/VInU1AyY81
“ Our snipers are trained to remain perfectly still for hours on end when in position and remain invisible to enemies and even wildlife . ''

A snake slithers across a U.S. military sniper 's rifle in a stunning photo . https : //t.co/x0Xqu7ssPf https : //t.co/mTMIIICSWN
John Cox on California sanctuary laws : `` People are sick and tired of @ JerryBrownGov and @ GavinNewsom 's ignorance of the law . They really believe that people want to have MS-13 living next door to them . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/XdUwrW2MOq
“ Walls work– this has been proven . ”

During a tour of the border wall system in San Luis , Arizona , @ DHSgov Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen discussed the “ crisis that is occurring at our border today. ” https : //t.co/tCqMYbdQVp
. @ KurtSchlichter : “ Here ’ s the problem : a bunch of people who should not be in our country are in our country . I ’ m in California right now . Our infrastructure is teetering , it ’ s on the edge of collapse. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/nk7rSu4HiE
Most Californians back more deportations ; nearly half support travel ban , survey finds https : //t.co/ohsq3CHg1C
. @ DanaPerino : `` George H.W . Bush , 41 , held her hand all day [ Tuesday ] until the end . '' # BarbaraBush https : //t.co/nCigpR9z4V https : //t.co/FJul98PbBB
Former President George H.W . Bush released a statement about the passing of his wife , former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/vM1bHSXVUR https : //t.co/W3m6xJQGGh
REPORTING FOR DUTY : The Colorado Springs Police Department welcomed a 4-year-old boy battling cancer onto the force as an honorary police officer . https : //t.co/UXKWZCDdoY https : //t.co/74gr1xdPUE
New York Gov . Cuomo grants 35,000 paroled felons right to vote ; @ GOP sees 'power grab ' https : //t.co/gJXdhAMwly
. @ GovMikeHuckabee on @ POTUS , Kim Jong Un meeting : `` [ @ realDonaldTrump ] is bringing North Korea closer to behaving like a real country than anyone in our lifetime has been able to do , and that really is progress . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/IxdB8P0Xla
New York AG wants authority to prosecute despite # Trump pardons https : //t.co/EPv8m9M436
San Diego votes to join Trump administration 's lawsuit against California 's sanctuary city law https : //t.co/LJcNfOVB1E https : //t.co/sSxZJhdbQu
Former ace Navy pilot ID ’ d as hero who landed damaged Southwest flight : report https : //t.co/maB1cMIdIo
HEARTWARMING : After a nine-month deployment , Staff Sergeant Jessica Brooks surprised her daughter during gym class . https : //t.co/OxZY4SrAkF
More explosives than previously thought stolen from work site , ATF says https : //t.co/dDBS84u8Mp
. @ nikkihaley : `` If we do n't come together soon and take a firm , unequivocal stance against this deadly trend , the next attack will come . '' https : //t.co/fyPBy8RPMj
On # Hannity , @ RepMattGaetz slammed Jim @ Comey , stating the former @ FBI director allowed his `` personal politics to dictate the outcome of an investigation before even conducting the investigation in earnest . '' https : //t.co/N2S58eATaD
. @ CLewandowski_ : `` Hopefully @ TheJusticeDept will look into Jim @ Comey lying under oath in front of Congress . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/xiq7hwEiif
Pavlich : Dems Only Want to Prevent Mueller Firing to Preserve Russia 'Talking Point ' https : //t.co/YvCloTSwJS
. @ POTUS : `` There has been nobody tougher on Russia than President @ realDonaldTrump . '' https : //t.co/vqdhWn0c0P
Tammie Jo Shults was the pilot of the @ SouthwestAir plane that made an emergency landing Tuesday after an engine explosion . This 1992 photo shows Lt. Shults , who was one of the first women to fly @ USNavy tactical aircraft . https : //t.co/m0tnXgbSfi https : //t.co/So6S2kAF13
San Diego County joining Trump Admin 's fight against California sanctuary laws . https : //t.co/d0qlyTxUNE https : //t.co/GXGmNoFojw
Illegal immigrant Uber driver charged with raping passenger posted bail and fled the country , police say https : //t.co/BoUHwFVzl5
San Diego Country Supervisor Kristin Gaspar : `` We 're sending a clear message to Governor Brown : enough is enough . He needs to follow to Constitution . '' https : //t.co/d0qlyTPvFc https : //t.co/LBWjstMscd
Colorado boy , 4 , battling cancer named honorary police officer : 'It has answered our prayers ' https : //t.co/TlBpCWRKLH
. @ POTUS on Mueller probe : `` This is a hoax . As far as the investigation , nobody has ever been more transparent than I have . '' https : //t.co/8spa2lhH4w
On Wednesday , President @ realDonaldTrump blasted the Mueller investigation , calling it a `` hoax created largely by the Democrats . '' https : //t.co/3Yivwbrqo4 https : //t.co/SAQ4uR38rq
. @ Judgenap : `` The evidence of Mrs. Clinton 's guilt for espionage , the failure to safeguard state secrets , is overwhelming . '' https : //t.co/8c1YWjUnn8 https : //t.co/Oq6jhqGUao
Fresno State says Barbara Bush-bashing professor can be fired despite tenure https : //t.co/VSdzs6crOo
11 House Republicans call on AG Sessions to investigate @ Comey , @ HillaryClinton , and other @ TheJusticeDept officials . https : //t.co/nQulmDhlso
# Trump says he 'll 'respectfully leave ' Kim Jong Un summit if talks are 'not fruitful ' https : //t.co/PZk4p1CEMo
. @ RepMcSally on Tammie Jo Shults , pilot of @ SouthwestAir flight that had blown engine mid-flight : “ I am just so grateful for her . When I saw what she did…she was just amazing . Unflappable , nerves of steel . So proud of her. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/paGdXlOky5
. @ KurtSchlichter : “ Here ’ s the problem : a bunch of people who should not be in our country are in our country . I ’ m in California right now . Our infrastructure is teetering , it ’ s on the edge of collapse. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/rZtRYKgOTY
Hillary Clinton 's popularity has plunged since election , poll finds https : //t.co/xl1OKNxNNt
Memphis loses $ 250,000 in Tennessee payback bill for removing Confederates statues https : //t.co/TU5664L33Q
. @ GovMikeHuckabee on Mueller probe : `` The only [ people who are ] really talking about firing Mueller are the Democrats , the never-Trumpers and the Trump haters . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/Oq4pWMeJed https : //t.co/naqifOnp1M
. @ GovMikeHuckabee on @ POTUS , Kim Jong Un meeting : `` [ @ realDonaldTrump ] is bringing North Korea closer to behaving like a real country than anyone in our lifetime has been able to do , and that really is progress . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/m5jiAFBA6P
Hero @ SouthwestAir pilot speaks out : 'We were simply doing our jobs ' https : //t.co/xbqRdc7pu1
Dozens of Houston-area students hospitalized after 2 school buses crash https : //t.co/PgFjQH9lwj
John Cox on California sanctuary laws : `` People are sick and tired of @ JerryBrownGov and @ GavinNewsom 's ignorance of the law . They really believe that people want to have MS-13 living next door to them . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/peTFtGwoFn
California Gov . Jerry Brown issues order deploying 'up to 400 ' National Guard troops but lays out strict terms https : //t.co/ol5miwJYe2
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : # Trump Admin & amp ; N Korea :

—Hardline—
May '17 : Missile defense in S Korea
Aug '17 : “ Fire and fury ” threat
Nov '17 : NK re…
Florida mother allegedly killed her newborn twins ; one found in trash https : //t.co/kA6Z1wq71u
EPA claims 'American ingenuity , ' not Paris accord , cutting greenhouse gas emissions https : //t.co/lQCeH9fpA5
'The Simpsons ' showrunner shares Barbara Bush 's 1990 letter to Marge Simpson https : //t.co/rizbWfOYHQ
Death of H.R . McMaster 's father under investigation , reportedly 'suspicious ' https : //t.co/pTogLTEjKW
Cat adopted after walking 12 miles back to family who then tried to have him euthanized https : //t.co/xDlDoFcMn7
ICE arrests 225 in NY immigration raids , many with criminal records https : //t.co/02jRmiyrsn
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : US Ramps Up Airstrikes in Afghanistan :
—March 2018—
•339 bombs dropped , highest March total since 2009
•More bombs dro…
. @ mattgaetz : “ If lies were music , Jim Comey would be Beethoven. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/AafRa5eWlo
This adorable family of marmosets at the Symbio Wildlife Park in Australia loves to play . https : //t.co/feDz2Arxy9
Southwest Airlines flight heroes desperately tried to save mom https : //t.co/wT4q0f9Djc
Fresno State says Barbara Bush-bashing professor can be fired despite tenure https : //t.co/U7Bd9W0HJm
Missouri Gov . Greitens banks on public backing in not resigning https : //t.co/JjVuKlC8go
Tammie Jo Shults was the pilot of the @ SouthwestAir plane that made an emergency landing Tuesday after an engine explosion . This 1992 photo shows Lt. Shults , who was one of the first women to fly @ USNavy tactical aircraft . https : //t.co/m0tnXfUhnK https : //t.co/GL9s60oFf5
OPINION : Trump , don ’ t be fooled , North Korea may be laying a trap for you https : //t.co/7fJYzXuBHW
SpaceX successfully launches NASA 's TESS exoplanet hunter https : //t.co/VAT5AL1kzg
REPORTING FOR DUTY : The Colorado Springs Police Department welcomed a 4-year-old boy battling cancer onto the force as an honorary police officer . https : //t.co/UXKWZCDdoY https : //t.co/TVHbieg4MZ
Southwest jet 's broken fan blade triggered chain reaction of disaster , investigators say https : //t.co/M2yph2Y16G
Earlier , President @ realDonaldTrump blasted the Mueller investigation , calling it a `` hoax created largely by the Democrats . '' https : //t.co/3Yivwbrqo4 https : //t.co/wSdHVCZax7
Dr. Gina Loudon on Down syndrome abortions : “ Is there anything more heinous or more discriminating than killing someone based on a disability ? ” # TheStory https : //t.co/tGjfOe9k1z
. @ POTUS : US will punish Russia with sanctions 'as soon as they very much deserve it ' https : //t.co/u3A3HzVlE7
Delta jet makes emergency landing as smoke pours from engine 1 day after Southwest disaster https : //t.co/59CiuOgKfF
. @ KatiePavlich on Eric Holder potentially running for president : “ Republicans will use this against him if he decides to run because he deserves to be held accountable for [ Operation Fast and Furious ] since he wasn ’ t held accountable by Barack Obama. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/vcc3iq9Wmw
Barbara Bush 's 'heroic act ' saved my life nearly 60 years ago , Texas woman says https : //t.co/rSLbWFYTi1
Broward sheriff ordered by judge to release additional Parkland response video , report says https : //t.co/NZKIz1Pgwp
Memphis loses $ 250,000 in Tennessee payback bill for removing Confederates statues https : //t.co/TU56652Esq
. @ JonathanTurley : “ [ Comey ’ s ] going to make a lot of money , but in the process , he ’ s going to do untold harm to the institution he once headed. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/IhVgPk1bRq
. @ POTUS : `` There has been nobody tougher on Russia than President @ realDonaldTrump . '' https : //t.co/efOtkD72bR
. @ POTUS on trade with Japan : `` I do n't want to go back into TPP but if they offered us a deal that I ca n't refuse on behalf of the United States , I would do it . But I like bilateral better . '' https : //t.co/6TaMd2Zn4S
. @ POTUS on Mueller probe : `` This is a hoax . As far as the investigation , nobody has ever been more transparent than I have . '' https : //t.co/whmtl7qdVa
. @ SpaceX prepares to launch @ NASA 's exoplanet-hunting spacecraft , TESS . https : //t.co/tJcSQaEL2x https : //t.co/HJEhK3hZsU
. @ POTUS on meeting with Kim Jong Un : `` If I think that it 's a meeting that is not going to be fruitful , we 're not going to go . '' https : //t.co/7XXNPhMvmG
. @ POTUS : `` We have come a long way with North Korea . '' https : //t.co/xo7CkaAUvm
. @ POTUS on meeting with Kim Jong Un : `` If we do n't think it 's going to be successful , we wo n't have it . '' https : //t.co/FAETqZUJqm
. @ POTUS on American prisoners in NoKo : `` We fought very hard to get Otto Warmbier back . And when we came back , he was in very , very bad condition . '' https : //t.co/xVy9RcII09
Japanese PM Shinzo Abe on Barbara Bush : `` Representing the Japanese people , I would like to express my condolences to former President Bush and to all the family members , we express our heartfelt condolences . '' https : //t.co/JHRm5uPPCf
. @ POTUS : `` Prime Minister Abe and I have agreed to intensify our trade and investment consultations . '' https : //t.co/RMYFx5W481
. @ POTUS : `` The United States is committed to free , fair and [ reciprocal ] trade . '' https : //t.co/Qyx6T4UBEE
. @ POTUS : `` There 's a bright path available to North Korea when it achieves denuclearization . '' https : //t.co/Jo5oUGFhWs
. @ POTUS : `` We will not repeat the mistakes of previous administrations . Our campaign of maximum pressure will continue until North Korea denuclearizes . '' https : //t.co/cgEV0DcLaN
. @ POTUS offers condolences to the Bush family following the passing of Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/uQRcKyKQRC https : //t.co/6WC9umObF2
. @ POTUS : `` As you know I will be meeting with Kim Jong Un in the coming weeks to discuss the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . Hopefully that meeting will be a great success and we 're looking forward to it . '' https : //t.co/Sr6KQ4Cyfj
. @ POTUS : `` For decades , Barbara was a titan in American life . Her presence and character were engraved into America 's identity . '' https : //t.co/QUaujDPmuV
. @ POTUS : `` I want to begin today by expressing my deep condolences to the entire Bush family on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . '' https : //t.co/p0M0KSJGQG
President # DonaldTrump and Japanese PM Shinzo Abe hold a joint press conference in Florida . https : //t.co/LKBS2AVb68
. @ jonathanvswan on Pompeo-Kim Jong Un Meeting : `` It reinforces how much @ realDonaldTrump trusts Mike Pompeo . You could never imagine him sending Rex Tillerson for a meeting like that . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/iLkIMvypyb https : //t.co/ZSVjNOZXjs
. @ POTUS and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to discuss reciprocal trade . @ johnrobertsFox has the story . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/8t7I0wWijq https : //t.co/8dAK7KOVKE
Awaiting a joint news conference with President @ realDonaldTrump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/0mdv6VZShd
. @ NYGovCuomo Blasts 'Anti-American ' Trump Admin , Questions Voters ' True Support for Donald https : //t.co/bWURfzUTgZ
Hillary Clinton 's popularity has plunged since election , poll finds https : //t.co/sFUR0BY6sm
. @ KatiePavlich : @ TheDemocrats Only Want to Prevent Mueller Firing to Preserve Russia 'Talking Point ' https : //t.co/0NPJoFgz2h
Former Clinton Aide : Comey Lied About Reopening Hillary Email Probe and 'He Knows It ' https : //t.co/vEOWpRNmtQ
. @ JerryBrownGov : `` There 's a lot of politics in this , on all sides . I tried to carve a path down the middle to respect our immigrants , to respect our border , and to respect our law . '' https : //t.co/fPyW2rIoZt
# TheFive remembers Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/jFnlGj7h55 https : //t.co/h6lBheb1B6
‘ Heartless ’ move by ABC may have resulted in Lara Spencer ’ s reduced ‘ GMA ’ role , but some staffers don ’ t mind https : //t.co/b7YoEmpMQW
, @ kimguilfoyle : `` @ POTUS did n't undermine these deals . He 's the Commander-in-Chief and he has to evaluate them and decide what 's in the best interests of the United States and what is not . '' # TheFive https : //t.co/zV7FKC6VlX
Jury convicts New York City nanny of killing 2 kids in 2012 https : //t.co/AiFCmlFRBH
Angry New York City Lyft passenger threatens driver , then steals his car https : //t.co/WPrBymayKf
Fresno State says Barbara Bush-bashing professor can be fired despite tenure https : //t.co/VSdzs5UQWQ
Pavlich : Dems Only Want to Prevent Mueller Firing to Preserve Russia 'Talking Point ' https : //t.co/YvCloTSwJS
'Irresponsible Stupidity ' : @ KarlRove Sounds Off on Some Dems Opposing Pompeo Nomination https : //t.co/yavGqmkQDm
Comey says McCabe lied , confirms he kick-started probe that led to his firing - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/aOUPW3G0wx
GOP reps refer Comey , Clinton , McCabe for criminal investigation - @ brookefoxnews @ JuddBerger
https : //t.co/dnXgs2FPY1
MOMENTS AGO : @ nikkihaley : `` If we do n't come together soon and take a firm , unequivocal stance against this deadly trend , the next attack will come . '' https : //t.co/H2DxLR7L9p
Dashcam video captured the dramatic moment pedestrians in Cardiff , Wales took down a man wanted by police for carrying a hunting knife in public . https : //t.co/6VHWActwjZ
President @ realDonaldTrump offered his best wishes to the people of Israel on its 70th anniversary . https : //t.co/iR45AtUZTt https : //t.co/stZsM5Zzew
George W. Bush : `` It 's the end of a beautiful life . '' # BarbaraBush @ FoxBusiness @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/uLj9eVMIha
. @ nikkihaley : `` The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons has released an independent report that confirmed the United Kingdom 's lab analysis of the toxic chemical that was used in Salisbury . '' https : //t.co/pgcgzmxtgE
Memphis loses $ 250,000 in Tennessee payback bill for removing Confederates statues https : //t.co/m0WKAqd4gT
Pittsburgh police warn officers to bring 'riot gear ' to work in event Trump fires Mueller https : //t.co/EtJm7yCItD
Bill Richardson : `` The fact that Kim Jong Un is directly involved means that he 's the nuclear negotiator . https : //t.co/iLkIMvypyb https : //t.co/RHsTS98pLM
Comey says McCabe lied , confirms he kick-started probe that led to his firing - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/8cDHQVDbYA
Texas Gov . Abbott to tax-burdened New Jersey residents : 'Come to Texas ' - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/VtiXGfpw1w
. @ POTUS : `` I think Mike Pompeo is extraordinary ... I think he 'll go down as truly a great secretary of state . '' https : //t.co/CbeF7cVwRF
. @ POTUS : `` Reciprocal is the word that I think we have to start using with a lot of nations , not only Japan ... I like to say free , fair and reciprocal . '' https : //t.co/iNyrlyfadU
. @ POTUS : `` We have a massive deficit with Japan and we will , I believe , at the end of a fairly short period of time be able to do certain things . '' https : //t.co/1P33OiPVFO
Strassel Lists the Many Questions the Mainstream Media Wo n't Ask @ Comey https : //t.co/TYgnhJp53e
. @ HarlanCoben on Barbara Bush : `` Her supernatural charisma came from her authenticity . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/uQRcKyKQRC https : //t.co/FQYbYdkTGL
. @ toddstarnes : Army chaplain faces punishment for following religious beliefs https : //t.co/thHwMGdn0M
Colorado boy , 4 , battling cancer named honorary police officer : 'It has answered our prayers ' https : //t.co/n2dvq66s4T
. @ meredithk27 : `` Democrats may have differences of opinions in these primaries , but we are all unified in the goal of winning back the House . '' @ dailybriefing https : //t.co/bhWpJYTBu8
Poll Average : 2018 generic Congressional vote . https : //t.co/ItdORdS4A2
U.S. pastor in Turkey tops list of Americans jailed , sentenced on dubious charges ( via @ holliesmckay ) https : //t.co/Tq1olqO7qk
Texas house explosion , fireball captured on dashcam video ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/6CeiFlHQwr
Moments ago , former President @ GeorgeHWBush released a statement about the passing of his wife , former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/vM1bHSGl3j https : //t.co/UQY8m79Wot
. @ JebBush gives remarks at the @ ElmhurstCollege Governmental Forum . https : //t.co/V5QDQ6PK0k
. @ DarrellIssa : `` America 's negotiating out of strength , not out of weakness . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/k4RFGSEiXo
. @ SecNielsen visits construction of the border wall system and meets with @ DHSGov employees . https : //t.co/cimFqmTFkE
John Cena made Nikki Bella sign a 75-page contract before she moved in with him https : //t.co/0A66Ftb1DN
Former Official @ WhiteHouse photographer David Valdez : `` The Bushes embraced me . '' https : //t.co/i2P5KCs9J6
Family of Ohio teen crushed by minivan seat storms out of meeting , says councilman 'crossed the line ' https : //t.co/MOA8xvv983
. @ CLewandowski_ : `` Hopefully @ TheJusticeDept will look into Jim @ Comey lying under oath in front of Congress . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/GH25xqWZdB
NEWS ALERT : 11 House Republicans call on AG Sessions to investigate @ Comey , @ HillaryClinton , and other @ TheJusticeDept officials ; Catherine Herridge reports . https : //t.co/zvbsADrffu
GOP reps refer Comey , Clinton , McCabe for criminal investigation - via @ JuddBerger @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/dnXgs2FPY1
DHS reveals dozens of MS-13 , other gang members released by 'sanctuary ' policies - via @ AdamShawNY
https : //t.co/Cjgd2DbYdi
University of Portland tennis player removed from team after 'misogynistic ' speech at banquet ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/sIqVQTCKXX
BREAKING NEWS : Chairman @ TGowdySC makes official request to @ FBI and @ TheJusticeDept to look into coordination over Clinton probe . https : //t.co/yhVBHcb8kG
HAPPENING NOW : Mourners leave books in honor of Barbara Bush outside George H.W . Bush Library and Museum in College Station , TX . https : //t.co/Bcxy4WqfKw
. @ HARRISFAULKNER : `` @ FLOTUS will pay her respects in person to Barbara Bush and the entire family at the funeral on Saturday . '' https : //t.co/Stoo9ksR3l
. @ HARRISFAULKNER : `` I would imagine that James @ Comey would be something that @ HillaryClinton and @ realDonaldTrump could agree on ... They both would 've fired him . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/X891vdrI8l
NEWS ALERT : 11 House Republicans call on AG Sessions to investigate @ Comey , @ HillaryClinton , and other @ TheJusticeDept officials . https : //t.co/qHmiqxOCy4
. @ KatiePavlich : `` @ POTUS is holding off to see how Russia reacts to the current situation . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/OdNhJaWCpf
. @ Richardafowler : `` The voice that 's missing from the Syria conversation is the American people 's voice ... The people 's Congress and the Senate , they deserve a right to vote . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/LKOzjZRYQa
Snake slithers across US military sniper 's rifle in stunning photo https : //t.co/wOOcO2cKAT
On this day in 1775 , silversmith and revolutionary Paul Revere begins his storied ride with news for patriot leaders of approaching British regular troops . https : //t.co/quGRFeHyka
Illegal immigrant Uber driver charged with raping passenger posted bail and fled the country , police say https : //t.co/BoUHwFVzl5
Family of Ohio teen crushed by minivan seat storms out of meeting , says councilman 'crossed the line ' ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/MOA8xvdygv
Comey puts CNN coverage in the toilet . . . literally https : //t.co/b9Ka0FTajj
. @ DougWead : `` There 's no First Lady who 's ever had a son who was elected governor . She 's had two of them . '' # BarbaraBush https : //t.co/jBkrx8EYYd
. @ JerryBrownGov : `` There 's a lot of politics in this , on all sides . I tried to carve a path down the middle to respect our immigrants , to respect our border , and to respect our law . '' https : //t.co/a1XbvKWK0i
Southwest Airlines passenger mourned as plane engine that exploded showed evidence of 'metal fatigue ' https : //t.co/IItZxTYVbv
San Diego County joining Trump Admin 's fight against California sanctuary laws . https : //t.co/FEiM1Lj31Z
Shocking killing of minister on secluded New York island called ‘ evil personified ’ https : //t.co/F0qHSygzOp
Chris Wallace : `` This is the longest marriage in the history of first couples in our country - 73 years . '' # BarbaraBush https : //t.co/E9BmRJvpme
Outrage as California prof calls Barbara Bush 'amazing racist ' and says she 's happy 'witch is dead ' https : //t.co/poGG4GoKlM
. @ BlakemanB : `` @ Comey promised the American people that @ HillaryClinton would be treated like any other American . She clearly was n't . '' https : //t.co/AHV0GgOeZK
JUST IN : WWE Hall of Famer Bruno Sammartino dead at 82 https : //t.co/sfg50UHmzd
Raul Castro stepping down as # Cuba 's leader ; Steve Harrigan reports . https : //t.co/POYzdeA3Vn https : //t.co/dDMHGx1Mt8
. @ DanaPerino : `` Last night , George H.W . Bush , 41 , held her hand all day yesterday until the end . '' # BarbaraBush https : //t.co/nCigpQRYdn https : //t.co/KQlVTwgZDt
. @ wjmcgurn : `` A lot of people that have had dealings with Mr. @ Comey find him very sanctimonious and holier-than-thou . '' https : //t.co/rYSXdGI8Mq
The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation ( @ ronaldreagan40 ) remembers Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/5c9MNH6gD8 https : //t.co/rn8jvJS74m
. @ TomRtweets : `` @ nikkihaley [ should ] confront the Russians at the @ UN ... because they 're playing games over the bodies of dead children and over the lung matter of dead children . '' https : //t.co/UL7Cf8WdAo
George W. Bush : Mom Was 'Needling ' Me , Telling Jokes to Doctor in Final Visit https : //t.co/FzTlf6rhox
Former Attorney General @ EricHolder and @ TheRevAl speak at the @ NationalAction Convention . https : //t.co/hCvNw6Cp3q
Trump hits 'slippery ' Comey amid book tour blitz , calls him 'worst FBI director in history ' - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/yyxLoPFUcG
RT @ FoxBusiness : Former President George W. Bush on Trump 's pardon of Scooter Libby : `` I 'm happy for Scooter and his family . '' https : //t.co/t…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ laurawbush : `` I 'm happy of the whole trend that 's started now : Making sure that women and men , that everybody 's included…
RT @ FoxBusiness : Former President George W. Bush : `` People are forgetting the lessons of 9/11 , and one of the major lessons of 9/11 is the h…
RT @ FoxBusiness : Former President George W. Bush on Putin : `` When I looked in his eyes and saw his soul , Russia was broke ... He 's a very sma…
RT @ FoxBusiness : Former President George W. Bush on Canada , U.S. and Mexico trade : `` The three of us countries are going to need to work tog…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ laurawbush on Bush Center 's Liberty and Leadership forum : `` One of the things we worked on from the beginning , really , is…
RT @ FoxBusiness : Former President George W. Bush : `` My mother would say 'make darn sure you participate fully in the leadership forum . ' In o…
RT @ FoxBusiness : Former President George W. Bush reflects on Barbara Bush : `` It 's the end of a beautiful life . '' https : //t.co/BEMLzPYYah
. @ GriffJenkins Confronts Gov . Brown on CA Sanctuary Law https : //t.co/M8LzcxSwdt
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson on closing stores for racial bias training : `` What happened in our store that resulted in the…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson on controversial arrest in Philadelphia : `` It was a very productive meeting and a very positi…
. @ MarkSteynOnline on Barbara Bush : “ People want a dignified first lady who also connects with you individually and she found that sweet spot. ” https : //t.co/UTGB5EBKI3
. @ JebBush remembers his mother https : //t.co/vM1bHSGl3j https : //t.co/Mpkc2ZDrvm
. @ DanaPerino : Barbara Bush Lived a 'Life of Great Consequence ' https : //t.co/Fz2oA0CC0M
. @ Franklin_Graham on Barbara Bush : “ I believe she had put her faith and trust in Jesus Christ. ” @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/3XF7m8Smce
. @ Franklin_Graham : “ When my mother passed away , my father never did get over it… I know that President [ George H.W . Bush ] is going through the same. ” https : //t.co/KrQ2E5BVxS
JUST IN : Southwest Airlines flight forced to land after bird strike day after plane engine explodes , killing passenger https : //t.co/AXJuiY80FL
Trump mocks Stormy Daniels ’ sketch of ‘ nonexistent ’ harasser : ‘ Total con job ’ - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/2cnt9ql34G
Flags fly at half-staff at the @ Bush41Library following the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . ( Courtesy : KRIV - SD ) https : //t.co/e83wQy8cPH
Barbara Bush Funeral Arrangements https : //t.co/LdOVvwV8Vj https : //t.co/zwckQuuQgT
RT @ FoxBusiness : Programming Alert : @ MariaBartiromo sits down with Former President George W. Bush and Former First Lady @ laurawbush to rem…
FL Motorcycle Dealer Wins Fight Over Military Flags After Vet 's Spat With City Worker https : //t.co/wbIPPKzcYg
California governor blames 'low-life politicians ' as 'sanctuary ' law backlash builds https : //t.co/FAlAEUzOB3
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about CIA Director Mike Pompeo meeting with Kim Jong Un https : //t.co/EgpHLwEW55 https : //t.co/hlfDrAuY3n
Edward McNally on Barbara Bush : “ She had devoted her life to friends , family and faith and it showed. ” https : //t.co/zgdZCGWet3
Edward McNally : “ The reason Barbara Bush ’ s speeches are so powerful… is that she walked the walk. ” https : //t.co/GxTWT5HnAo
The American flag at the @ WhiteHouse flies at half-staff following the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/eMScbEISBu
Former ace Navy pilot ID ’ d as hero who landed damaged Southwest flight : report https : //t.co/maB1cMIdIo
. @ BillClinton tweeted about Barbara Bush , calling her `` a remarkable woman . '' https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/MZg0K6G03E
Georgia deputy stabbed in sheriff 's office restroom , suspect shot dead , officials say https : //t.co/HVoDbWMMVe
. @ Judgenap : `` The evidence of Mrs. Clinton 's guilt for espionage , the failure to safeguard state secrets , is overwhelming . '' https : //t.co/8c1YWkbYLI https : //t.co/7DqPIqROdT
Slain police officer 's funeral set for Wednesday after thousands attend wake https : //t.co/6noeKSAcY6
Investigators access chemical attack site in Syria https : //t.co/1uCb1Xf32T
San Diego Country Supervisor Kristin Gaspar : `` We 're sending a clear message to Governor Brown : enough is enough . He needs to follow to Constitution . '' https : //t.co/d0qlyTxUNE https : //t.co/tnSuMhnIzw
`` We have had talks at the highest level . ''

CIA Director Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un over Easter weekend https : //t.co/EgpHLwEW55 https : //t.co/6B4SkdItR8
Presidential historian Doug Wead on Barbara Bush : `` She 's one of the greatest first ladies in history and one of the greatest women in history , because all around her , people succeeded . '' https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/lCJ001Nquu
San Diego votes to join Trump administration 's lawsuit against California 's sanctuary city law https : //t.co/LJcNfOVB1E https : //t.co/SzLU5DgPYJ
Shaunna L. O ’ Connell : `` When it comes to cop killers , we need to send a clear message that we stand with our law enforcement . '' https : //t.co/8MZF2JE5oS https : //t.co/20Wfe51L7d
Dr. Marc Siegel on Barbara Bush : `` She was strong and courageous until the end . '' https : //t.co/LiHbA0vwSe https : //t.co/O1b3fyFkfR
Flashback : Barbara Bush 's interview with Steve Doocy https : //t.co/pkOVy8ujGC https : //t.co/mW27M1qixW
Southwest Airlines plane 's engine explodes ; 1 passenger dead https : //t.co/Q4ZgN3fafH https : //t.co/DGO3gfLF8d
Daniel Hoffman on CIA Director Mike Pompeo meeting with Kim Jong Un : `` He 's absolutely the right guy to do this . '' https : //t.co/iLkIMvypyb https : //t.co/0o8hqKwbMT
Funeral arrangements for Barbara Bush https : //t.co/MFabGxORMw
Presidential historian Doug Wead : `` [ Barbara Bush ] became the fountainhead , the source , and inspiration for the success in her family . '' https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/olQjM53m1v
Perino : Barbara Bush instilled humility , public service https : //t.co/471OmQdZYH
Tributes pour in for Barbara Bush https : //t.co/KVLXmLAB8Y https : //t.co/LvXkl3XJHh
Remembering former First Lady Barbara Bush https : //t.co/5c9MNH6gD8 https : //t.co/Lhv2Csnh00
Love letter from George HW Bush to Barbara from WW2 goes viral https : //t.co/43R6DHCXNs
Rep. Meadows : Documents show 'concerning level of coordination ' between FBI , DOJ in # Clinton email probe https : //t.co/VeqFp2zk3j
Former President George W. Bush released a statement saying his “ dear mother ” had passed away and that the family would “ miss her dearly. ” https : //t.co/vM1bHSGl3j https : //t.co/zJ5RcVOIbS
Fox News confirms Mike Pompeo met Kim Jong Un https : //t.co/vjd46N2tEY
Barbara Bush remembered by politicians , lawmakers around the world : 'An advocate of the American family ' https : //t.co/KVLXmLSc0w
ICE arrests 225 in NY immigration raids , many with criminal records https : //t.co/MY5BcI6ctP
. @ SecondLady Karen Pence shared a memory of Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/5c9MNH6gD8 https : //t.co/MAPNYqDrRi
Anita McBride : Barbara Bush led a joyous life filled with love and laughs https : //t.co/weWN8zUYgH
Former President Jimmy Carter and Rosalynn Carter released a statement on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/jCkrLdmYEr https : //t.co/dlWUy0ZIxk
Nikki Haley fires back after Kudlow claims she was 'confused ' about new Russia sanctions https : //t.co/pCMtFof0FT
Peggy Grande : Remembering Barbara Bush . What a lady . https : //t.co/8OZjx71KCj
Remembering Barbara Bush : A look back at the life of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/7QTIyoPuBf
Former ace Navy pilot ID ’ d as hero who landed damaged Southwest flight : report https : //t.co/maB1cMqCjO
Rove , Gingrich , Baier and Hume pay tribute to Barbara Bush https : //t.co/UweAwkwY3m
Democratic National Committee chairman @ TomPerez shared a message on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush , stating the country just `` lost a tireless leader for family literacy . '' https : //t.co/LdOVvwV8Vj https : //t.co/RMoIlognex
Former President @ BarackObama and @ MichelleObama released a statement following the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush , calling her `` the rock of a family dedicated to public service . '' https : //t.co/uQRcKytft2 https : //t.co/KhgQfwCwdD
The @ GOP shared a message of `` comfort and peace '' after the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/ZKxDlpi2x2 https : //t.co/kPAU2wI0nC
Flashback : Barbara Bush 's full interview with Steve Doocy https : //t.co/pkOVy8ujGC
. @ JebBush released a statement on the passing of his mother , former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/JAbBj3yzq7 https : //t.co/b4pDudXQsp
. @ VP Mike Pence and @ SecondLady Karen Pence released a statement sending their `` deepest sympathies to President Bush and the entire Bush family with the passing of Barbara Bush . '' https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/MZwSk4ZErn
Jean Becker , chief of staff at the Office of George H. W. Bush , shared an update on President George H. W. Bush after the passing of his beloved wife , Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/VdPyCe1f3l
Barbara Bush has died Tuesday at 92. https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/NovnVlFWOL
Golf legend @ jacknicklaus shared a message on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/ZKxDlpi2x2 https : //t.co/lmKCGyLD9s
'You have given me joy ' : A look at the 73-year marriage of Barbara and George H.W . Bush https : //t.co/MBYZD4t3UA
Barbara Bush to be laid to rest at the Bush library https : //t.co/6IPx9mUwwO
. @ MittRomney shared a statement on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/jCkrLd5nMT https : //t.co/TekMbKUwyG
. @ brithume , who knew former First Lady Barbara Bush for 38 years : “ She was a woman of enormous character . She adored her husband , and I always had the sense in seeing them together that she never could quite get enough of him. ” https : //t.co/gPHfLKEGgO https : //t.co/uK2qDaElAh
Barbara Bush , 1925-2018 https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/jkGAmuaBi2
Bush family reacts to former first lady 's death https : //t.co/AOIZ2esJDy
Dana Perino : Barbara Bush Lived a 'Life of Great Consequence ' https : //t.co/b8wV6VVZyU
Dr. Marc Siegel : Barbara Bush was a pioneer not only in life , but in how she chose to spend her final days https : //t.co/RDxSFBDDoO
CIA Director Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un over Easter weekend https : //t.co/EgpHLwEW55
Love letter from George HW Bush to Barbara from WW2 goes viral https : //t.co/43R6DHlmoS
Barbara Bush , 1925-2018 https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/eqIPfihqXe
Remembering former First Lady Barbara Bush , who passed away on Tuesday at age 92. https : //t.co/FY2vKWsWyF
American Love Story : Barbara Bush and George H.W . Bush were joined in matrimony longer than any other presidential couple in American history . https : //t.co/OdhHnFx1Pk https : //t.co/9TCXieT408
A look back at the life of Barbara Bush , who died at 92 on Tuesday . https : //t.co/WYZEQcIQoz
Former President @ BarackObama and @ MichelleObama shared a statement on former First Lady Barbara Bush , calling her `` the rock of a family dedicated to public service . '' https : //t.co/uQRcKytft2 https : //t.co/7iSb8Cfgs0
. @ SenSchumer on the passing of Barbara Bush https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/l2BkXHuLbG
. @ BillClinton reacted to the death of former First Lady Barbara Bush in a tweet on Tuesday . https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/24Oa4jN1OP
Flags fly at half-staff at the George Bush Presidential Library following the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/PqGIkMpGA5
. @ NancyPelosi on the passing of Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/gPHfLKEGgO https : //t.co/MVs5vNMoKc
Moments ago , former First Lady @ laurawbush wrote in an Instagram post that her mother-in-law Barbara Bush was her `` role model . '' https : //t.co/vM1bHSGl3j https : //t.co/ZCdeX42Zjm
. @ georgepbush reacts to the death of his grandmother , former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/gPHfLKEGgO https : //t.co/rKFhmhSoL7
The @ SecretService tweeted their `` sincere condolences '' to the Bush family on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/If0CA5izl4
Jenna Bush Hager , granddaughter of Barbara Bush , wrote in an Instagram post that her grandmother was a `` FORCE of a woman '' who `` was the glue that held our family together . '' https : //t.co/vM1bHSGl3j https : //t.co/gIM3y7jQAJ
Dr. Marc Siegel : Barbara Bush was a pioneer not only in life , but in how she chose to spend her final days https : //t.co/RDxSFBm20e
Former Vice President @ JoeBiden released a statement on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/uQRcKyKQRC https : //t.co/q8qsPx68vF
Barbara Bush , 1925-2018 https : //t.co/ZKxDlpzDVC https : //t.co/OR0y30v0MG
President @ realDonaldTrump and @ FLOTUS Melania Trump released a statement on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/J7mS7fSjKL
BREAKING : Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un to try laying groundwork for North Korean leader ’ s summit with Trump , Fox News confirms https : //t.co/EgpHLwEW55
RT @ caseystegall : An update on how President Bush is doing , after the passing of his beloved Barbara . https : //t.co/ee1mWC7Guo
Remembering Barbara Bush : A look back at the life of the former first lady . https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/oxp3OqcHeZ
American Love Story : Barbara Bush and George H.W . Bush were joined in matrimony longer than any other presidential couple in American history . https : //t.co/OdhHnFx1Pk https : //t.co/DG9bG8H5tf
. @ VP Mike Pence and @ SecondLady Karen Pence released a statement sending their `` deepest sympathies to President Bush and the entire Bush family with the passing of Barbara Bush . '' https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/g9vdMPHFga
. @ JebBush released a statement on the passing of his mother , former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/JAbBj3QaOH https : //t.co/2dcHCB0OR0
Bush family reacts to former First Lady Barbara Bush 's death https : //t.co/RNxjacPOjW
Remembering former First Lady Barbara Bush , who passed away on Tuesday at age 92. https : //t.co/AoeGXouiqI
Barbara Bush remembered by politicians , lawmakers around the world : 'An advocate of the American family ' https : //t.co/Vb5894YhEB
. @ DanaPerino : For Barbara Bush , loyalty — and love — went both ways https : //t.co/6Gjzk2kQI6
Former President George W. Bush released a statement on the passing of his mother , former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/gPHfLKn5pg https : //t.co/FjxqWJYQiN
A look back at the life of Barbara Bush , who died at 92 on Tuesday . https : //t.co/NSqFa2zdMX
BREAKING : Former first lady Barbara Bush died Tuesday , a spokesman for the family confirmed . https : //t.co/Arr8HcFMMg
BREAKING : Barbara Bush has died at 92. https : //t.co/0wdaQS2Cg3
. @ TGowdySC : “ I don ’ t want the drama ; I want the documents…Comey ’ s talking about them . He included it in his Senate testimony. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/kscVB1kCkD
WATCH : @ POTUS and @ AbeShinzo participate in a welcoming ceremony at Mar-a-Lago . https : //t.co/or2B42fGAo
OPINION : US-Japan summit underway with # Trump and Abe showcases ‘ special relationship ’ https : //t.co/rQ6asac98n
Jonah Goldberg : “ The actual power over immigration is a federal power. ” # SpecialReport https : //t.co/EBLvUCyxxE
'Roseanne ' premiere drew 27.3 million viewers , delayed ratings reveal https : //t.co/5QPMUwicp1
FL Motorcycle Dealer Wins Fight Over Military Flags After Vet 's Spat With City Worker https : //t.co/OKP3yyUPHq
WATCH : @ SouthwestAir gives an update on the emergency landing that left one person dead Tuesday . https : //t.co/QMScVT7beX https : //t.co/UPD2TBP03f
Texas teen takes mom to prom , goes viral : 'It meant the world to me ' https : //t.co/IbVP3UA7UF
. @ kimguilfoyle : “ I think [ @ Comey ] had a lot of missteps . And quite frankly , he should know better because he ’ s a former prosecutor and also former director of the @ FBI. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/PwyRvpXPC4
. @ JesseBWatters : `` California has been at ‘ war ’ with the federal government for years…There ’ s always California , and there ’ s always the rest of the country. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/2dOm70Xokq
California governor blames 'low-life politicians ' as 'sanctuary ' law backlash builds https : //t.co/8owNgDBvsu
. @ DICKS Sporting Goods to destroy all unsold firearms pulled from shelves after Parkland shooting https : //t.co/d1q9fH66kO
Southwest flight with woman 'partially sucked out ' marks second horrific trip for carrier this week https : //t.co/AdNNKjauyz
Legislation to protect Mueller 'not necessary , ' @ SenateMajLdr says https : //t.co/rWOpzt7nin
Boy with autism builds world 's largest Titanic replica with Legos : 'The whole process helped me out of the fog ' https : //t.co/OiV1HigT9G
After years on the force , Lacy the bloodhound is turning in her leash and retiring from duty with the @ DelCoSheriff . https : //t.co/jEujcNGqaQ
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ I think the American people are vastly better off than they would ’ ve been had Hillary Clinton been elected President of the United States. ” @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/krvj5stXL3
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ The message is : If you ’ re going to use chemical weapons in the 21st century against your own people , or against anyone , for that matter , the rest of the world needs to send you a message , and this was done very cleanly with our allies , the British & amp ; the French. ” https : //t.co/14imuhECaf
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ I don ’ t think [ @ POTUS ] should fire Mueller , and I don ’ t think he ’ s going to. ” @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/aAOLaNctdY
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ I ’ m glad Jeff Sessions is where he is . I served with him for 20 years in the Senate . I think he ’ s doing a good job as attorney general , and I ’ m glad @ POTUS is keeping him right where he is. ” @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/YrGgOFiD1g
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ We confirmed 12 circuit judges last year , US circuit judges . That ’ s a record for the first year of any president since the circuit court systems were created in 1891…Young , Conservative , principled judges who will be on these courts for a lifetime. ” @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/Un8sbGDCZU
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ We now have a competitive tax rate . We can compete with other countries . That means more jobs , more opportunity for Americans , and it means more jobs coming to this country rather than being set up someplace else. ” @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/YqjvhM35Pd
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ 80-90 % of the American people get tax relief out of this bill . Not a single Democrat voted for it. ” @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/1e3HueYbpy
NOW : @ SenateMajLdr sits down with @ TeamCavuto for an exclusive interview on “ Your World '' on Fox News Channel https : //t.co/AFjzdG8p4q
. @ POTUS holds a bilateral meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Abe . https : //t.co/foc2wkqsPx
. @ POTUS : “ [ Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ] and I have developed a very close relationship . We speak all the time , and our nations , I think , have never been closer than they are right now. ” https : //t.co/vxIZFtfvFe
Parents of UK toddler on life support apply to appeal court 's latest ruling https : //t.co/88x7Oo9hVI
. @ POTUS says North Korea , South Korea have his 'blessing ' to try ending decades-long war https : //t.co/TkyPeMOSEa
. @ Starbucks closing 8,000 US stores for one day to conduct 'racial bias training ' https : //t.co/ZmPhjfWtWA
Missouri Gov . Greitens accused of wrongdoing over charity donor list
https : //t.co/GZbbjOBQza
BREAKING : One person dead after Southwest Airlines plane engine explosion , officials say https : //t.co/QMScVT7beX
NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt : “ We don ’ t think there was a fire at all. ” https : //t.co/QxOHsr4rkg
BREAKING : NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt : “ We do have information there was one fatality. ” https : //t.co/BqXEZCV2cp
Breaking News : @ POTUS says South Korea has plans to meet with North Korea to discuss ending the war .

“ They do have my blessing to discuss the end to the war. ” https : //t.co/X9re1jmdLt
. @ POTUS : “ It ’ s an honor to have you in Florida with us , it ’ s an honor to have you at Mar-A-Lago , and an honor to have you in the United States . It ’ s really something special. ” https : //t.co/meAaWmEl2o
. @ NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt holds a briefing on the @ southwestair incident . https : //t.co/sCirEfSvm6 https : //t.co/FuPfBh2CvU
. @ POTUS : “ It ’ s an honor to have Prime Minister Abe with us . The Japanese people greeted me so warmly when I was there , and actually even before becoming president . It ’ s a very , very special country , special place , with a very , very extraordinary leader. ” https : //t.co/GzfzEBZUEb
TUNE IN : @ SenateMajLdr sits down with @ TeamCavuto for an exclusive interview on “ Your World ” LIVE from D.C. at 4p ET . https : //t.co/cAJT0ky6vu
Taco Bell franchise suing Wisconsin town , mayor for discrimination after liquor license denied https : //t.co/zL885rPKXo
Officials hold a news conference on the Southwest Airlines incident . https : //t.co/sCirEfSvm6 https : //t.co/NUuz1iUBvb
Stormy ’ s sketch of harasser sparks social media frenzy of Tom Brady comparisons
https : //t.co/7ohh0dCwrs
OPINION : Tammy Bruce : Turning California into three states won ’ t solve its problems https : //t.co/E3GWhIwO7X
Ford Mustang to enter NASCAR Cup series in 2019 https : //t.co/2VuounwnUg
. @ SenCoryGardner : “ I believe the State Department should made a determination of whether or not Russia is in fact a state sponsor of terror. ” # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/FUz71QHUxx
. @ SenCoryGardner : “ Vladimir Putin understands strength and he capitalizes on weakness and what the United States needs to do right now is show strength. ” # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/WjPS2cSqIg
. @ SenCoryGardner : “ It is clear , the administration has the authority to carry out its efforts against terrorism , whether that ’ s in Syria , whether that ’ s in Afghanistan. ” # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/2lYBBbmcHt
More than 95 percent of world 's population breathe polluted , dangerous air , study says https : //t.co/k6KlNFDqlH ( via @ christocarbone )
RT @ FoxBusiness : WATCH LIVE : @ IvankaTrump and @ stevenmnuchin1 host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire . ( Courtesy : WBZ ) https : //t.co/C3zr…
FL Motorcycle Dealer Wins Fight Over Military Flags After Vet 's Spat With City Worker https : //t.co/wbIPPKzcYg
RT @ FoxBusiness : JUST IN : IRS site crashes as tax deadline looms https : //t.co/xh82dLJlfa
Justice Neil Gorsuch provided the decisive vote Tuesday in a Supreme Court ruling striking down a key provision that made it easier to deport immigrants convicted of violent crimes , in a blow to the Trump administration https : //t.co/RsXKWJ3cs6
Comey admits drafting Clinton exoneration before interview , defends move as routine - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/l2vq8cZK2b
Southwest Airlines plane 's engine explodes ; passenger reportedly hit with shrapnel https : //t.co/sCirEfSvm6 https : //t.co/BkxEJy29oF
. @ SenSchumer , Rep. @ NancyPelosi and Sen. @ BernieSanders participate in the D.C. Tax March . https : //t.co/bNLsgu4ZgJ
Breaking News : Southwest Airlines plane 's engine explodes ; passenger reportedly hit with shrapnel https : //t.co/Q4ZgN3fafH
NFLer returns home to take biggest fan to prom https : //t.co/IZNBRXoAFW
Boy with autism builds world 's largest Titanic replica with Legos : 'The whole process helped me out of the fog ' https : //t.co/t2nXEsHRzv
TUNE IN : @ SenateMajLdr sits down with @ TeamCavuto for an exclusive interview on “ Your World ” LIVE from D.C. at 4p ET . https : //t.co/LUbOWWQMxF
. @ MarshaBlackburn : 'Pres . Trump Is 'Going to Win ' Fight Against CA Sanctuary Law https : //t.co/KbxDxOYiIT
. @ SenJohnThune : “ We are excited to get rid of the old tax code , very excited to welcome in the new , because it ’ s going to be a significant benefit to the American people. ” https : //t.co/qW3S2H6xWW
. @ SenJohnThune : “ The new tax code is going to be much simpler and obviously going to allow the American people to keep more of their hard-earned money. ” https : //t.co/5uyNBCAvv8
Don Bramer on Syria : “ I applaud [ @ POTUS ] for being tough . I think that is something that we have been missing for a very long time with our foreign policy. ” https : //t.co/6s4wrW7sGO
New upright airplane 'seats ' would allow for 'ultra-high density ' flights , manufacturer says https : //t.co/TvJOF5zbgv
Thousands of apps in Google Play Store may be illegally tracking children , study finds https : //t.co/hGUiNlNeKX ( via @ christocarbone )
Baboons use barrel to escape Texas research facility , officials say https : //t.co/CZz0hgixWz
. @ SenJohnBarrasso : `` We need to be using the resources we have at home in America to be able to send that energy overseas so people are n't as dependent upon Russia . '' https : //t.co/lKlSETLhRt
Mechanic finds parts that were stolen from his car 19 years ago https : //t.co/ZkxpXFoXHt
Minnesota firehouse welcomes teens for # BlizzardProm photo shoot ( via @ JaninePuhak ) https : //t.co/EG96oHNEnb
DOJ misses deadline to hand over Comey 's Trump memos , seeks more time
https : //t.co/i73cv6BNP2
Four baboons briefly escaped from a biomedical research facility in San Antonio , Texas , on Saturday , April 14. https : //t.co/JvLY4VwKRJ
. @ RandPaul : “ My fear is that this new authorization will not constrain the president , but will actually expand presidential power , will expand our military involvement around the world. ” https : //t.co/MFwPKqT75M https : //t.co/gQqngvsZfB
Syrian Refugee Who Survived 2013 Chemical Attack : 'Bad Days of Obama 's Inaction Are Over ' https : //t.co/ygwVfv1I0s
Small plane makes crash landing on busy Colorado road ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/8VRnurxoPe
. @ MarshaBlackburn on California ’ s sanctuary law : “ We are a nation of laws . The president is right on this issue. ” https : //t.co/pkZ9VMWk7j
. @ MarshaBlackburn on California ’ s sanctuary law : “ The president is going to win this fight. ” https : //t.co/fjxDhM3xCy
. @ MarshaBlackburn : “ When you allow sanctuary cities , first of all , it puts your citizens in peril. ” https : //t.co/K1qLrPx8Uz
Adidas Interested in Signing Kaepernick If He Signs With NFL Team First https : //t.co/ebFuwMRweg
Clinton World fumes over Comey book tour : 'He 's now lying'- via @ JuddBerger
https : //t.co/rKV72P3WQn
' @ RoseanneOnABC ' premiere drew 27.3 million viewers , delayed ratings reveal https : //t.co/JJN0aG9VYP
Dog 'arrested ' for being a bad boy , picking fights with deer https : //t.co/YKfGDpx9bS
Disgruntled Vegas casino employee killed co-worker , wounded executive in targeted shooting , cops say ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/pAdkbid75Z
RT @ FoxBusiness : Tax Day food freebies : 14 restaurants offering deals https : //t.co/K0ILUxLJL5
Earlier , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about employment and taxes . https : //t.co/u4yDzUIERU
Trump administration 's lawsuit against California sanctuary laws backed by these cities , counties https : //t.co/DuDFgnbwSb
Homeless encampments increasingly affecting California train traffic ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/x4lgpETBTu
. @ larry_kudlow : “ Never believe the CBO… They ’ re always wrong , especially with regard to tax cuts. ” https : //t.co/ToxhqUg7nA
. @ larry_kudlow : “ We are starting to see an economic boom , an economic boom that will probably be the best in a couple of decades. ” https : //t.co/YdWPG436eo
OPINION : Speaker Paul Ryan : Tax Day is n't usually a day to celebrate . This year is different https : //t.co/PTF0GOzNHl
The team you trust . The network you love .

Start your mornings with @ foxandfriends , weekdays at 6a ET . https : //t.co/cKIrMgqH7N
Rachel Platten on 'embarrassing ' national anthem debacle : 'My mind just went blank ' https : //t.co/iAm9vMV6u6
OPINION : Lauren Appell : Let ’ s make the Trump tax cuts permanent -- and force the Democrats into a do-over https : //t.co/em6T1ojJVl
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ AnheuserBusch to turn its beers ‘ green , ’ CEO says https : //t.co/Fq8GJxcwQp
Chuck DeVore on why he left California on @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/B7Ica5qOwk https : //t.co/g8bIOd5UV8
Homeless encampments increasingly affecting California train traffic https : //t.co/x4lgpEC11W
'Deadliest Catch ' captains Jake Anderson and Josh Harris talk living the American dream https : //t.co/PBqseVzHM9
Kassem Eid on @ foxandfriends : `` We want freedom . We want democracy . U.S. strikes against Assad meant the world to us because it showed us that the United States actually cares . '' https : //t.co/m4VRmtndYK
An American flag waves in the wind in the yard of a Virginia man ’ s home after parts of Virginia sustained storm damage . https : //t.co/FC9jue65xv
RT @ FoxBusiness : Miss the tax deadline ? Here 's what you need to know . https : //t.co/9b0FYgpj5w
Tatyana McFadden , of the United States , celebrates after winning the women 's wheelchair division of the 122nd Boston Marathon . https : //t.co/QaYRsKxbtq
Texas deputy wounded in shooting while responding to disturbance call , police say https : //t.co/Rpvu6dORrW
. @ POTUS and Japanese PM set to meet today @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/UXezWUXsvu
Kristin Gaspar : “ Governor Brown needs to follow the laws of our Constitution. ” https : //t.co/SVu0NaDXtF @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/O8bMtFDNh0
Irina Vilarino on tax cuts : It ’ s the promise of what the tax cuts [ are ] going to bring us , that we can reinvest this money into our businesses and that we can see the fruits of our labor . @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/M5vrBvz22A
Dog 'arrested ' for being a bad boy , picking fights with deer https : //t.co/YKfGDpx9bS
'Night Court ' star Harry Anderson dead at 65 https : //t.co/iBsCLZfjQH
JUST IN : Deputy in Texas shot responding to a domestic disturbance call https : //t.co/Bl3G3PBL7A
Los Alamitos councilman Warren Kusumoto : `` Our local citizens have less rights than somebody who is not even entitled to be here legally . '' https : //t.co/y8AOe4UOJn
Israel destroys Hamas ' 'longest and deepest ' border tunnel yet https : //t.co/jDSNW0b88e
. @ FBI , @ DHSgov accuse Russia of worldwide cyber attack https : //t.co/iIATBIrkGo
Church backs plan to melt guns for gift cards https : //t.co/v7U3uzpEnE
Constitutional attorney Ed Pozzuoli : `` We 've got Jim @ Comey going around on his book tour , 'A Higher Loyalty ; ' let 's make the higher loyalty to the public and public disclosure of these memos . '' https : //t.co/P33bQRLrDu https : //t.co/51lpSOqIrZ
Grace Kelly 's daughter Princess Caroline says she was closer to the nanny than her mother https : //t.co/vZf27ga2vq
. @ Comey ’ s actions are ‘ unworthy ’ of the @ FBI , says former Assistant Director and 24-year veteran agent https : //t.co/eIZbg4GquT
. @ conservmillen : `` This is an epidemic in our education system of teachers teaching our kids what to think instead of how to think . '' https : //t.co/taDAsDcr6Q
. @ DICKS plans to destroy guns pulled from shelves https : //t.co/aPqjjPUS6T
OPINION : With everyone focused on @ Comey , # Trump reformed welfare https : //t.co/6ntXT1EgWy
Chuck Devore : `` If you 're a member of the working poor , if you 're anyone other than the elite from Silicon Valley and Hollywood , it 's tough to make ends meet , to put food on the table and put a roof over your head in California . '' https : //t.co/B7Ica5qOwk https : //t.co/7IsYg4KdWh
Russia , Syria block inspectors from chemical weapons attack site , watchdog says https : //t.co/Jppz1a0Qd9
President # Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe meeting at Mar-A-Lago later today https : //t.co/84wv7tmqtE
Syrian state media report new missile attack in Homs region https : //t.co/Q4wxLoCOfj https : //t.co/xUAcv1tF0Q
Orange County city votes again to opt out of California 's sanctuary state law https : //t.co/UxODwkzk8P
Lt. Col. Jim Reese : `` The U.S. has a mission in the eastern part of Syria to destroy ISIS ... So that mission is not going to end , and it 's not going to end anytime soon . '' https : //t.co/AAahRT7uFm
5-year-old gets Transformers party to mark end of tumor treatment https : //t.co/4Xzhks9CeL
. @ SenJohnMcCain undergoes surgery for intestinal infection , listed as stable https : //t.co/mYqj20FKJy https : //t.co/LbklUJL8S8
President @ realDonaldTrump sits down with business owners in Miami , touts `` massive tax cuts '' https : //t.co/T7eoy64NUv
The Latest : G7 endorses US-led air strikes in Syria https : //t.co/SN20ehGIvm
California rejects proposed border duties for troops , US says https : //t.co/ZxSftbQ6sc https : //t.co/85Z5JkiRLe
Rain and flooding caused major delays on New York Subway lines Monday . Water cascaded down the stairs and flooded the platform at the 145th Street station and rain poured from the ceiling at the indoor Bryant Park stop . https : //t.co/uyB0i1yaMe
WATCH : Spike , a service dog-in-training , learns the ropes of working at Fox News from his new friend . @ dailybriefing # TheDailySpike https : //t.co/R7qqBSEwAM https : //t.co/8ipH6insZ7
Robert Durst faces photos of slain friend in life , in death https : //t.co/YPRJEljuLX
. @ Judgenap : “ We don ’ t care if Jim Comey thinks the president may have obstructed justice , but if he ’ s sending a signal that Mueller and company think that , they think it on the basis of some evidence , and that ’ s potentially worse. ” https : //t.co/iMvKN11WHv
Massachusetts lawmaker pushes to reinstate death penalty after cop killing https : //t.co/8MZF2JE5oS
. @ MZHemingway on @ Comey : “ His whole image that he wants to project is that he ’ s this honest Boy Scout . The book comes out , and it kind of paints a different image… ” # SpecialReport https : //t.co/vSQ6K5jTrn
During Monday 's roundtable discussion on tax reform , President @ realDonaldTrump promised that this is the last tax day that Americans need to fill out `` complicated '' returns . https : //t.co/lvl8pPEh3Q
. @ RepBillJohnson : “ We sent a strong message that President # Obama is not in the White House anymore . That red lines that prohibit the use of weapons of mass destruction , they ’ re not going to be tolerated. ” https : //t.co/MicqVHdKUM
Longtime Spurs fans 'turned off ' by coach Gregg Popovich 's anti-Trump comments , report says https : //t.co/MlP9Dy2Spv
Remembering R. Lee Ermey https : //t.co/lb33b342Ai https : //t.co/DahCwCx7uQ
`` This administration has been holding Russia to account from Day 1 . ''

On @ foxandfriends , @ statedeptspox discussed the recent strike on Syria . https : //t.co/sN5jypkQ1r https : //t.co/6Zhu0jbtf5
. @ hogangidley45 : “ James Comey is a disgraced , disgruntled , discredited individual. ” https : //t.co/3YEma5x8zQ
Volcanic ash cascaded from Mount Sinabung volcano during an eruption in Karo , North Sumatra , Indonesia on April 15. https : //t.co/V9u6b5RvXv
. @ carldemaio : “ What we need to do is focus our efforts on getting criminals off the street , and getting them deported so that they can not commit more crimes. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/5djNrJG0yj
Boston College professor offers extra credit for students to go on dates https : //t.co/H6tfKZWXVe
. @ kimguilfoyle : “ @ POTUS is the one that has the courage and the certainty and the fortitude to do the right thing , and take a strong stance , not just against Syria , but against Iran and against Russia. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/Wvkmi4kdEX
Husband surprises terminally ill wife with proposal do-over https : //t.co/sUaJHcWykL
. @ Scaramucci on Syria : “ He doesn ’ t want to have a problem in the area as much as he wants to eradicate the use of chemical warfare. ” https : //t.co/RCw8CzIELq
Black naked Harvard student seen punched by police https : //t.co/vOed1LJxdO
A Kentucky police officer helped a mother duck and her babies cross the road . https : //t.co/HGm0Zctmjv
California rejects proposed border duties for troops , US says https : //t.co/ZxSftbyv3C
. @ POTUS : “ We have the biggest tax cut in history… The individual mandate is gone. ” https : //t.co/WUHIsYjIG2
. @ TomFitton : `` Mr. @ Comey hates President @ realDonaldTrump and he was willing to break the rules , and maybe the law , to get him . '' https : //t.co/vKM3cTj3n9 https : //t.co/Aa16cSs5bf
. @ CLewandowski_ : “ Both of the leaders of the @ FBI , both Jim @ Comey and Andrew McCabe have done some serious damage to what has been a historically very important institution. ” https : //t.co/rHEP1m0AwU
`` If this were @ HillaryClinton , [ the @ ACLU would be ] raising money left and right , defending Hillary Clinton 's right . ''

On `` Fox & amp ; Friends , '' @ AlanDersh slammed the ACLU , stating it is `` absolutely political . '' https : //t.co/Ec3yNC1yB7
. @ carldemaio : “ Sanctuary cities and sanctuary states are about whether we want to shield criminals , whether we want criminals re-released into our communities to commit more crimes . Who is for that ? ” # TheStory https : //t.co/aGaE4HFCeo
McDonald ’ s manager apologizes for slapping customer , says woman threw coffee at her first https : //t.co/pL2YJCjvtD
. @ PhilipWegmann : `` [ President @ realDonaldTrump ] is also sending a clear , much larger message , which is the United States is not going to tolerate the proliferation of chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLq5rM https : //t.co/ScBk0QVoD1
ACMs : Miranda Lambert shares 'broken heart ' at first awards show with ex Blake Shelton , Gwen Stefani https : //t.co/aAEVWIMHGo
Terry Turchie : `` James @ Comey 's higher loyalty is to his wallet at this point . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/vKM3cTAEeH https : //t.co/hG3ue8cxGJ
Binghamton University student charged in the ‘ targeted ’ stabbing death of freshman https : //t.co/bz7HU6TWxJ
. @ jkirchick : “ There ’ s international law among civilized people and nations that chemical weapons should not be used in warfare… @ POTUS drew that line in the sand that you ’ ll remember Barack # Obama drew , but didn ’ t actually enforce . @ POTUS actually enforced it. ” # Tucker https : //t.co/dhsaTnCFBx
Southwest passengers 'crying , ' 'screaming , ' preparing 'to die ' in attempted landing during storm https : //t.co/ekfSaGb0Ev
Retired @ FBI special agent Bobby Chacon : `` [ @ Comey ] took the low road and he 's dragging the men and women of the FBI back into this political maelstrom that they do n't deserve ... He put them there in the first place . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/vKM3cTAEeH https : //t.co/sQsPAgpbOE
Body of last missing family member found in California river https : //t.co/XN5hQmuS6X
. @ POTUS : “ We ’ re doing tremendously . Companies are moving back into our country. ” https : //t.co/3jZX5htd21
Mia Polaski and her husband Ryan Polaski kiss while clearing debris from her father ’ s storm-damaged home in Elon , Virginia . The governor of Virginia has declared a state of emergency after storms barreled through parts of western Virginia . https : //t.co/3BcdZayLW1
. @ AlanDersh on the ACLU : “ It is a partisan , hard-left , political organization that no longer cares about the civil liberties of all Americans . It is agenda-driven , money-driven and anti-Trump. ” https : //t.co/BipZ3BriIY
'A Man Without Courage ' : @ AlanDersh Slams Comey for Leaking Trump Memos https : //t.co/ik9644f86L
. @ KatiePavlich : `` People are looking at their paychecks now and going , 'Yeah , I have more money now , I 'm pretty sure I 'm liking what the Republicans are doing . ' '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/gSWfnbI7Lb
More California cities may join fight against state ’ s pro-illegal immigrant policies https : //t.co/pnyRsv9Q6o
Dog and Deer Have Unexpected Morning Playdate https : //t.co/DlXxTvZjcP
. @ KarlRove : “ @ Comey ’ s entire story continues to fall apart…It ’ s mystifying how he sanctimoniously stands up there and suggests that he ’ s done this all with a great concern for ethics and the truth when he really is being driven by personal considerations… ” # TheStory https : //t.co/yxeJlwBDd3
South Carolina prison riot leaves several dead ; witness says he saw bodies stacked on top of each other https : //t.co/9VF0moY6Co
. @ JesseBWatters : “ If you have the central witness in an obstruction case out there doing a nationwide tour , confessing , admitting to being biased…how does that jive with a fair and balanced criminal investigation in this case ? ” # TheFive https : //t.co/j6eJNriMo5
`` It is now quite evident that James Comey ’ s higher loyalty is to James Comey , and James Comey alone . ''

Chris Swecker , who served 24 years in the @ FBI as a special agent , called James @ Comey 's actions `` unworthy `` of the FBI . https : //t.co/oTeNAMy79d https : //t.co/2TvNXn2HCF
. @ POTUS : “ Tomorrow is tax day… and remember this , this is the last time you ’ re going to fill out the long , complicated , horrible return. ” https : //t.co/eGO98xlxBe
FEC hit with lawsuit over ignoring civil complaint accusing # Clinton , @ DNC in election scheme https : //t.co/pT0YF6Cfwn
. @ AlanDersh on James @ Comey : “ This is a man without courage. ” https : //t.co/xfbcD46cAj
Billionaire banking heir Matthew Mellon dies in rehab facility https : //t.co/4onCwDH9ef
. @ kimguilfoyle : “ @ POTUS is the one that has the courage and the certainty and the fortitude to do the right thing , and take a strong stance , not just against Syria , but against Iran and against Russia. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/fnUOcCm3ik
On Monday , @ POTUS hosted a roundtable discussion touting Republican tax reform law , saying America is `` open for business . '' https : //t.co/JtE5e4I7Hx https : //t.co/68QyvNTild
A Kentucky police officer helped a mother duck and her babies cross the road https : //t.co/D235V1NNa8
. @ KatiePavlich : `` People are looking at their paychecks now and going , 'Yeah , I have more money now , I 'm pretty sure I 'm liking what the Republicans are doing . ' '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/sRV3WilvLx
Garland Nixon : `` By the time it gets to the midterms , it 's going to be all about excitement , and @ TheDemocrats have the excitement on their side . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/UTaKqrFPbS
Retired @ FBI special agent Bobby Chacon : `` [ @ Comey ] took the low road and he 's dragging the men and women of the FBI back into this political maelstrom that they do n't deserve ... He put them there in the first place . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/vKM3cTj3n9 https : //t.co/2KfzV9VFUP
Terry Turchie : `` James @ Comey 's higher loyalty is to his wallet at this point . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/vKM3cTj3n9 https : //t.co/1PrYcxsYBe
Justice Dept IG Horowitz predicts Clinton email report will be out in May https : //t.co/ITSilyXpDk
Rod Blagojevich 's Wife Asks # Trump For Pardon , Rips SCOTUS Appeal Rejection https : //t.co/2KY8g71vef
Russia , Syria block inspectors from chemical weapons attack site , watchdog says https : //t.co/q9E37pNm7d
Dog 'arrested ' for being a bad boy , picking fights with deer https : //t.co/2sFzYo3RIL
Sacramento police release dozens more videos from Stephon Clark shooting https : //t.co/ZyK5nvM6Zx
San Diego Votes on Rejecting Jerry Brown 's Sanctuary State Policy https : //t.co/V0Ql4x8qrx
Israel destroys Hamas ' 'longest and deepest ' border tunnel yet https : //t.co/gsgL6eilTd
. @ AlanDersh on the ACLU : “ It is a partisan , hard-left , political organization that no longer cares about the civil liberties of all Americans . It is agenda-driven , money-driven and anti-Trump. ” https : //t.co/ggHU7mcd23
White House backs away from Haley 's pledge of new sanctions against Russia https : //t.co/VOwktwgBd9
. @ jkirchick : “ There ’ s international law among civilized people & amp ; nations that chemical weapons should not be used in warfare… @ POTUS drew that line in the sand that you ’ ll remember Barack Obama drew , but didn ’ t actually enforce . @ POTUS actually enforced it. ” # Tucker https : //t.co/d1MVHn1rXj
OPINION : @ Comey 's actions are ‘ unworthy ’ of the @ FBI , says former Assistant Director and 24-year veteran agent https : //t.co/mtssiuKMet
Pentagon denies US attacked Syrian air base outside Homs https : //t.co/t69sRP6cA3
Protesters march to various Starbucks cafes in Philadelphia following controversial arrests https : //t.co/cqZ10fIDAe
. @ carldemaio : “ What we need to do is focus our efforts on getting criminals off the street , and getting them deported so that they can not commit more crimes. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/t5MYKj0npJ
. @ carldemaio : “ Sanctuary cities and sanctuary states are about whether we want to shield criminals , whether we want criminals re-released into our communities to commit more crimes . Who is for that ? ” # TheStory https : //t.co/rlISToPXc5
. @ ScottWalker : “ When I talk to people around the state of Wisconsin…they want to hear more about how the tax cuts are going to benefit them and their family. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/GcJ7HYS9vc
Texas man gets life in prison for allegedly killing college student after her charred , dismembered body found in kiddie pool https : //t.co/mRiLYJgLP1
. @ KarlRove : “ @ Comey ’ s entire story continues to fall apart…It ’ s mystifying how he sanctimoniously stands up there and suggests that he ’ s done this all with a great concern for ethics and the truth when he really is being driven by personal considerations… ” # TheStory https : //t.co/1w7nIFUfv9
'Night Court ' star Harry Anderson dead at 65 https : //t.co/4IeqaMN6nK
WATCH : Spike , a service dog-in-training , learns the ropes of working at Fox News from his new friend . @ dailybriefing # TheDailySpike https : //t.co/R7qqBSW7Zm https : //t.co/Koguk38PWC
California in dispute over # Trump administration plan for National Guard troops at border https : //t.co/Nu9UzdN12J
Scott Pruitt 's chief of staff approved controversial raises for aides , @ EPA watchdog finds https : //t.co/4kMa46H7ZP
RT @ MikeEmanuelFox : Republicans try to roll back Dodd-Frank rules : Senate passes bill , House wants to add more components . From # SpecialRep…
Fishermen reel in 'rare ' 10-foot shark off Florida coast https : //t.co/IHXmkSbuMG
. @ MZHemingway on @ Comey : “ His whole image that he wants to project is that he ’ s this honest Boy Scout . The book comes out , and it kind of paints a different image… ” # SpecialReport https : //t.co/JPbMjFALPu
JUST IN : @ SenJohnMcCain undergoes surgery for intestinal infection , now in stable condition https : //t.co/CglxgauBG9
Tax reform law is set to impact 2019 tax returns . @ pdoocy reports . https : //t.co/LyUDRYd4EZ
. @ RandPaul : Do FBI agents Strzok and Page still have security clearances ? The answer should alarm you https : //t.co/g2besEK7S3
Judge wo n't immediately rule on documents seized by @ FBI in Michael Cohen raid https : //t.co/b1etVE44Dr
Khloe Kardashian reveals baby name : True Thompson https : //t.co/JXUccHgEji
. @ ChrisChristie : @ Comey 'Would Have Fired Me on the Spot ' If I Did What He Did https : //t.co/oxObmtjSuo
. @ kimguilfoyle : “ @ POTUS is the one that has the courage and the certainty and the fortitude to do the right thing , and take a strong stance , not just against Syria , but against Iran and against Russia. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/BZ4pu9OPZm
Frat brothers plead guilty , receive jail time in Florida State hazing death https : //t.co/wSTk7HXhbA
Flesh-eating ulcer 'epidemic ' in Australia stumps doctors https : //t.co/DYzLAIqoW5
. @ JesseBWatters : “ If you have the central witness in an obstruction case out there doing a nationwide tour , confessing , admitting to being biased…how does that jive with a fair and balanced criminal investigation in this case ? ” # TheFive https : //t.co/D1eP7YJPIJ
WATCH : US missile attack on Syria captured in stunning Pentagon video https : //t.co/TZNyIhVLBI
Binghamton University cancels classes after second student murder in 5 weeks https : //t.co/qmqhoK8MGS
New mom given months to live after finding cancerous lump on face during labor https : //t.co/1cEwiXS8T5
Cohen attorneys fight feds over ‘ unprecedented ’ search , in hearing attended by Stormy Daniels - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/uKmJ8oOqBn
Motorcycle rider crashes and gets shot by his own gun https : //t.co/dQQlqGsBCl
. @ TheJusticeDept IG Horowitz predicts Clinton email report will be out in May https : //t.co/ITSilyXpDk
Lyrid meteor shower to put on spectacular show in April : What to know about the starry spectacle https : //t.co/4SqpxKJLSL
Husband surprises terminally ill wife with proposal do-over https : //t.co/ZrKtIH2L3M
. @ kendricklamar is the first rapper to win the Pulitzer Prize https : //t.co/rpnDcknqL2
California rejects # Trump administration plan for National Guard troops on border https : //t.co/bCALCFHaD3
Asteroid the size of a football field makes 'surprise ' flyby past Earth https : //t.co/koF7DC5x7l
R. Lee Ermey 's most memorable roles , from 'Full Metal Jacket ' to 'Toy Story ' https : //t.co/8A6MYCBuvF
U.S. , Britain , France signal return to diplomacy after strikes on Syria 's chemical sites ; @ EricShawnTV reports , @ dailybriefing https : //t.co/85jGFC4Dxi
5-year-old gets Transformers party to mark end of tumor treatment https : //t.co/4Xzhks9CeL
Anti-Trump American history textbook 'blatantly biased , ' critics say ( via @ calebparke ) https : //t.co/uoFqPy5L4K
Philadelphia Starbucks ' embattled manager decides to leave company , report says ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/wegzRPOsw0
. @ VP Pence gives keynote remarks at the @ SpaceFoundation 's 34th Annual National Space Symposium . https : //t.co/lfWLu58z2F
Alligator casually strolls around Florida motel https : //t.co/3wjB3EMaxw
People throw colored powder as they celebrate at the end of the Color Run 2018 race in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris on April 15. https : //t.co/quc3Dg0KvQ
Dog arrested for being a bad boy , picking fights with deer https : //t.co/YKfGDpx9bS
Earlier , @ HillaryClinton tweeted well wishes to former First Lady Barbara Bush and her family . https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/jUuMQsMC86
# BostonMarathon winner Desiree Linden first American woman to win since 1985 https : //t.co/xkmIOlfpSI https : //t.co/FdLpVv3iRp
A Kentucky police officer helped a mother duck and her babies cross the road https : //t.co/K6cuzQ1EPw
Renegade driver lost police during chase , but got caught when he called to report his car was stolen https : //t.co/HjekC3bZLF
GAO says EPA violated spending law on Pruitt 's privacy booth https : //t.co/AgXPQJ8qMr
5-year-old gets Transformers party to mark end of tumor treatment https : //t.co/4Xzhks9CeL
. @ POTUS : “ We cut regulations at a level that nobody ’ s seen in the history of our country… and we ’ re not finished yet. ” https : //t.co/ExNHS1pc8s
. @ POTUS : “ We have the biggest tax cut in history… The individual mandate is gone. ” https : //t.co/pZjYiWWAiE
. @ POTUS : “ Since election day , we ’ ve created 3 million new jobs. ” https : //t.co/tZL8m4qNrq
Cohen attorneys say feds seized devices that have 'nothing to do ' with warrant , rip 'unprecedented ' search- via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/SX3qkLkFpC
. @ POTUS : “ We ’ ve had massive tax cuts. ” https : //t.co/ojgIUq3l4J
. @ POTUS : “ Tomorrow is tax day… and remember this , this is the last time you ’ re going to fill out the long , complicated , horrible return. ” https : //t.co/67iZfTPAf0
. @ POTUS : “ We ’ re doing tremendously . Companies are moving back into our country. ” https : //t.co/LHgsu0QSui
. @ POTUS hosts a roundtable on tax reform for Florida small businesses . https : //t.co/IQhEGmWKj8
President @ realDonaldTrump to host roundtable on tax reform ahead of former FBI Director James @ Comey ’ s book release https : //t.co/dZEAdFytrV
. @ POTUS arrives in Miami , Florida ahead of a tax roundtable . ( Courtesy : WSVN ) https : //t.co/73vFDimLgX
North Carolina court writes cop-killer Assata Shakur $ 15G check as land deal compensation https : //t.co/ppQ9h2Ec8w
Cops cracking iPhones across the country with this device https : //t.co/R99P4Fm5Gj
'A Man Without Courage ' : @ AlanDersh Slams Comey for Leaking Trump Memos https : //t.co/ik9643Xxfd
Boston Marathon 's first official female runner relives bombings : 'Running makes you fearless ' https : //t.co/z6J04t47QU
RT @ EricShawnTV : Russia is acting like a `` rogue '' country , # UN British Amb . @ KarenPierceUN tells me @ Foxnews . We have more on Syria and the…
Israel destroys Hamas ' 'longest and deepest ' border tunnel yet https : //t.co/jDSNW0b88e
R. Lee Ermey 's most memorable roles , from 'Full Metal Jacket ' to 'Toy Story ' https : //t.co/8A6MYCBuvF
FEC hit with lawsuit over ignoring civil complaint accusing Clinton , DNC in election scheme https : //t.co/pT0YF6Cfwn
A circus performer dunked a basketball with a big assist from an elephant . The elephant used her trunk to throw the daredevil into the air above the rim . https : //t.co/nwpj0Du9cw
Trump blasts 'disgruntled ' Comey , McCabe ; suggests they 'committed many crimes ' - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/bvuz2shseb
Dog and Deer Have Unexpected Morning Playdate https : //t.co/R09uhvP1M9
British choir visits US for 60th anniversary of American WWII memorial in London https : //t.co/VCDClIV9VT
Firefighters mow lawn of veteran after responding to call https : //t.co/GD8bQrkByS
OPINION : Michael Goodwin : @ Comey proves he only cares about himself https : //t.co/xJ448JnZeR
. @ POTUS departs Washington , D.C. en route to Miami , Florida . https : //t.co/ktj46wGjlE
. @ CLewandowski_ : “ Both of the leaders of the FBI , both Jim Comey and Andrew McCabe have done some serious damage to what has been a historically very important institution. ” https : //t.co/T8RXLM9yOU
Burt Reynold 's Pontiac Turbo Trans Am sold for big bucks https : //t.co/2bJikPdHaC
Soon : @ POTUS heads to Florida for tax roundtable https : //t.co/Bn1ENRhOeW
. @ statedeptspox : `` The United States sanctioned two Russian entities ten days ago… In terms of other sanctions activity , that ’ s something we ’ re taking a look at . '' https : //t.co/SbS6L1jRqQ
Comey rips Obama for comments on Clinton case : He 'jeopardized ' DOJ - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/eJAOwje0Rh
. @ statedeptspox : `` We know that chemical weapons were used , once again , on Syrian men , women and children . '' https : //t.co/dWM4Zy6jxV
Phoenix firefighters use 'Jaws of Life ' to free horse abandoned in wrecked trailer https : //t.co/WQTFAEfcBy
Protesters pack into Philadelphia Starbucks after controversial arrest , chant store is 'anti-black ' ( via @ RyanGaydos ) https : //t.co/wegzRPOsw0
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ KellyannePolls on Syria strikes : `` This was a decisive , non-impulsive action . '' https : //t.co/Szgyn9cYOu
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ KellyannePolls on Syria strikes : `` The president does n't want to go it alone and the president does n't want the U.S. to j…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ KellyannePolls on @ Comey : `` This man 's trying to sell books , not save the country . '' https : //t.co/Wy08YcZthD
. @ AlanDersh on the ACLU : “ It is a partisan , hard-left , political organization that no longer cares about the civil liberties of all Americans . It is agenda-driven , money-driven and anti-Trump. ” https : //t.co/m6ZckPvjMS
. @ AlanDersh on James @ Comey : “ This is a man without courage. ” https : //t.co/FHtUVn9laj
. @ hogangidley45 : “ James Comey is a disgraced , disgruntled , discredited individual. ” https : //t.co/nFzeDXmGSa
. @ hogangidley45 : “ The president wanted to accomplish a couple of things and one of those was to completely destroy Assad ’ s chemical weapons depot . That ’ s exactly what he did. ” https : //t.co/mG8bdoEw0p
'Women Are Dying Because We 're Losing ' : MN Dem Ellison Links GOP Election Wins to Maternal Mortality https : //t.co/Psc2KJuAaj
. @ Scaramucci on Syria : “ He doesn ’ t want to have a problem in the area as much as he wants to eradicate the use of chemical warfare. ” https : //t.co/IzuSwFVxNT
. @ Scaramucci : “ My issue with John Kelly is not even related to him firing me , it ’ s the way he ’ s running the White House. ” https : //t.co/fkAW3PjK4v
. @ LindseyGrahamSC on Syria : “ Unless something changes , we don ’ t care if you kill people , we only care how you kill them , which is a long way from where Ronald Reagan was. ” https : //t.co/UQH0QNyHTa
. @ LindseyGrahamSC : “ We ’ ve got a really good Commander in Chief in Donald Trump… He needs to reconsider his position regarding Assad and Syria. ” https : //t.co/SaFA4ZUK2K
'Allah , Syria , and only Bashar ' : Syrians rally in support of Assad after US-led airstrikes https : //t.co/505fjNGWsh
JUST IN : 7 inmates dead , 17 injured in fights at dangerous South Carolina prison https : //t.co/9VF0moY6Co
. @ Judgenap : “ We don ’ t care if Jim Comey thinks the president may have obstructed justice , but if he ’ s sending a signal that Mueller and company think that , they think it on the basis of some evidence , and that ’ s potentially worse. ” https : //t.co/A9pPuy2Tj8
Remembering R. Lee Ermey https : //t.co/lb33b342Ai https : //t.co/XXevsmUWf8
'Full Metal Jacket ' actor R. Lee Ermey dies at age 74 https : //t.co/VbQUlQGxwT
. @ joniernst on Syria strikes : “ I am glad that we took the actions that we did . '' https : //t.co/twqN28Wqr3
Black bear cubs rescued by Virginia trooper after mother killed in crash https : //t.co/Mrq1oc9gmu
ACM Awards 2018 : List of winners https : //t.co/ETO8Vk1fFk
Heavy security for Boston Marathon https : //t.co/IvqdsHROj8
Barbara Bush to focus on comfort care amid 'failing health , ' spokesman says https : //t.co/DCtbpRpSCY
More California cities may join fight against state ’ s pro-illegal immigrant policies https : //t.co/pnyRsvrruY
. @ RepBillJohnson on Russia : “ I think sanctions are absolutely appropriate at this point. ” https : //t.co/4ldnQKa1aD
. @ RepBillJohnson : “ We sent a strong message that President Obama is not in the White House anymore . That red lines that prohibit the use of weapons of mass destruction , they ’ re not going to be tolerated. ” https : //t.co/Zakjc4VvJT
Heavy security at the Boston Marathon on the 5th anniversary of the deadly bombings https : //t.co/Trx8y8DM2Q
. @ PhilipWegmann : `` [ President @ realDonaldTrump ] is also sending a clear , much larger message , which is the United States is not going to tolerate the proliferation of chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/D9TCzpeCnP
Democratic strategist Sarah Badawi : `` It 's important if we are going to pursue an expanded military effort in Syria , that the president seek congressional approval to do so . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/0OrSSVZklJ
. @ RepRatcliffe : `` The firing of Andrew McCabe was justified . Not once , not twice , not three times , but four times the number two person at the premier law enforcement agency in the world - the @ FBI - lied , and was less than truthful - sometimes under oath . '' https : //t.co/UQbc1oeaEW
Deadly Syria attack shines spotlight on chemical weapons linked to Assad regime , ISIS-inspired terror groups https : //t.co/CVSuUzycrZ
Officers in Starbucks incident 'did absolutely nothing wrong , ' Philadelphia police chief says https : //t.co/PHvrWy4O5B
Pentagon presented # Trump with plan to take out Russian air defenses in Syria , report says https : //t.co/zYrzrhEZZx
8 lion cubs killed in suspected poison attack : report https : //t.co/ihHzl2Ivir
. @ TomFitton : `` Mr. @ Comey hates President @ realDonaldTrump and he was willing to break the rules , and maybe the law , to get him . '' https : //t.co/vKM3cTj3n9 https : //t.co/8cnobpFV7s
MN Dem @ keithellison Links GOP Election Wins to Maternal Mortality https : //t.co/Psc2KJuAaj https : //t.co/tCwGv2Eh12
U.S. warns of more Syrian airstrikes https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/85PA72boYw
. @ WalidPhares : `` The 'mission accomplished ' is really about the ... very large tactical mission— it was accomplished . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/ZAIzwzfmgO
. @ AlanDersh : We need a new law to protect lawyer-client communications https : //t.co/lxzqyVizAT
Youth baseball coaches allegedly talked of 'beaning ' only girl player : report https : //t.co/GhURcvGGLS
President @ realDonaldTrump to hold a roundtable on tax reform today in Miami https : //t.co/dfhlIeMXSJ
Flash floods and landslides pummeled Hawaii ’ s Kauai island on Sunday , with a record-breaking 28 inches of rain falling in a 24-hour period . Gov . Ige declared an emergency proclamation for the island where heavy rainfall damaged or flooded dozens of homes . https : //t.co/bVkHaTEzIo https : //t.co/Ds6u4Aa4tS
. @ marykissel : `` The loss of Paul Ryan is an intellectual loss for the Republican Party . '' https : //t.co/UFMCBU3dKN
World record broken with 1,149-pound cinnamon roll https : //t.co/788BdJW1Le
J. Christian Adams on James @ Comey 's book : `` It showed that you had the number-two man at the FBI repeatedly lying under oath ... It really opens up your eyes to how politicized things became under Eric Holder , Loretta Lynch and @ BarackObama . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/BSP7T4uN76
. @ JoeLieberman : `` If you 're president , you 've got to be a leader . You ca n't wait for a long Congressional debate when somebody like Assad , supported by the Russians and the Iranians , has used chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/rpqZ418Ijf
Chili grower defends world 's hottest pepper after man who ate one was hospitalized https : //t.co/6LRgJP4XBN
. @ charliekirk11 : `` A nation is defined by its borders . You have a weak border , you have a weak country . '' https : //t.co/MEsmBwcCu4
OPINION : California ’ s crazy one-party liberal politics is why I had to finally leave the state -- and I ’ m not alone https : //t.co/P5xlSCyDaW
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` What happened in the leadership of the FBI during the 2016 election ? And Democrats and independents - everyone - American people should be very concerned about the matters that were undertaken at that time . '' https : //t.co/UaJPiyQrqg
Ohio teen , 16 , crushed to death by minivan seat , is remembered for his 'great courage ' https : //t.co/OflQlMnMRJ
. @ charliekirk11 : `` We are going to be the decent , fair-minded champions of liberty and freedom for a generation that feels completely lost ... '' https : //t.co/JmP4A5tGvt
. @ nikkihaley : `` The international community is telling Russia that either you make a decision on how you act and when you act , or the rest of us will make a decision in isolating you . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/dEazaOPMbF
. @ RMConservative : `` It 's been three decades since Reagan and we 've lost our way . '' https : //t.co/7zm7FtzBCd
'Full Metal Jacket ' actor R. Lee Ermey dies at age 74 https : //t.co/VbQUlQGxwT https : //t.co/03LwXEicCp
An aspiring police officer was treated to an exclusive tour of the Henderson Police Department 's station after his lemonade stand raised more than $ 400 for fallen officers . https : //t.co/ODq1hUJJy7 https : //t.co/hvX0NPiAca
David Buckel , prominent gay rights lawyer , burns himself to death in New York to protest global warming https : //t.co/0nHr7xxauy
Protesters Rally for Second Amendment Rights https : //t.co/E6MEtG3slv
Pelosi claims Mueller was ‘ fired ’ in bizarre email to donors https : //t.co/8jUvqPf6Ux
The ACM Awards marked country music 's major return to Las Vegas six months after a lone gunman killed 58 people at a country music festival in Sin City in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history . https : //t.co/0yNKa2hBnf https : //t.co/jNpXZpsmgF
. @ charliekirk11 : `` Despite all the horror that 's happening on our college campuses , I 've never been more optimistic about the future of this country . '' https : //t.co/jtuplYyKZw
Woman claims R. Kelly gave her STD , groomed her to join sex cult : report https : //t.co/mMNe3mr2Og
Sunday marked the fifth anniversary of the deadly Boston Marathon bombings . The day was filled with commemorations in honor of the victims and survivors , which included laying wreaths at the spots where two bombs killed three spectators and maimed more than 260 others . https : //t.co/43X7lBjPir
. @ GreggJarrett : `` Everything you do in the course and scope of your employment is government property . [ @ Comey ] was acting as the FBI director when he spoke to [ @ POTUS ] , he wrote about their conversations . It 's clearly government property . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/fuuEXo7hkS
Indiana Sikh temple brawl injures 3 , police say https : //t.co/MObY85XepK
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` I still think we need a special counsel into what my committee and Chairman Gowdy 's committee are looking into with regard to how the @ FBI handled investigations into @ HillaryClinton and into both campaigns . '' https : //t.co/WgwUUg9xL2
On `` Life , Liberty & amp ; Levin , '' @ charliekirk11 slammed college campuses , stating that `` the suppression of free speech '' and `` absolute attack on the idea of America ... makes you feel as if you 're entering a different country . '' https : //t.co/i2CZDBLeMf
. @ GreggJarrett : `` The only reference of who paid for the dossier is buried in a footnote and is so opaque , you ca n't tell what it really means . That 's deception . That 's lying to a judge . That 's a crime . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/elM1s88Vb3
On @ foxandfriends , Rev . @ Franklin_Graham praised President @ realDonaldTrump 's willingness to openly discuss prayer and faith . https : //t.co/aDbgmKxrGo https : //t.co/9xKNubB0Px
. @ kimguilfoyle : `` Can you imagine someone who takes an oath to uphold the law and is supposed to do a fair and impartial investigation , nevertheless he proffered a document he knew was largely uncorroborated ... Who does that as the head of the @ FBI ? '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/8u5Jy4e9Tc
Pentagon presented # Trump with plan to take out Russian air defenses in Syria , report says https : //t.co/zYrzrhnoAX https : //t.co/iL2Q2HVPb2
. @ charliekirk11 : `` On college campuses , the most intolerant people are those people that preach tolerance . '' https : //t.co/CoM5PpDbHN
On @ foxandfriends , @ JoeLieberman slammed former President @ BarackObama​ 's actions - or lack thereof - toward Assad . https : //t.co/yMovUqlW13 https : //t.co/tlRge7QW1v
Putin warns 'chaos ' will ensue if West strikes Syria again https : //t.co/RgQh7jjgnN
. @ charliekirk11 : `` The greatest threat to Western civilization is what 's going on on our college campuses today . '' https : //t.co/01xrADoBoy
. @ lizpeek : ABC interview 's big bombshell -- James @ Comey reveals he is neither sinner nor saint ... he 's a fraud https : //t.co/zq8gaV3q5r
Al D'Amato : `` I think it 's a precursor , unfortunately , of the Democrats retaking control of the House . '' https : //t.co/BdOdpV5lb7
OPINION : James @ Comey 's ABC interview sidesteps his shocking decision to break every rule and leak to the press https : //t.co/pvbga7Z9rN
. @ GreggJarrett : `` The evidence against @ HillaryClinton was powerful , overwhelming evidence under a variety of statutes that she broke the law . And if James @ Comey cleared her for political reasons , that 's obstruction of justice . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/ZvkrWOQbLS
Syrian refugees entering the United States . https : //t.co/BrjpM9DnRQ
. @ TGowdySC : `` I do n't know what Mueller was supposed to do other than what he did . When a prosecutor comes in contact with information or evidence of a crime , what are you supposed to do , other than to refer it to the appropriate jurisdiction ? '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/Xk3Zvzg0Gn
Gun rights advocates rallied at state capitols across the country on Saturday to make their voices heard amid recent efforts to impose stricter gun-control laws that they fear undermine their Second Amendment rights . https : //t.co/IcjeZUXZtN https : //t.co/fdRm6qkRZN
. @ SteveHiltonx : `` If you appease one dictator , you encourage all dictators . And the really big message is if we 'd have been weak on Assad here , it sends a message to the people who really matter like Xi Jinping in China . '' https : //t.co/Qx1TBalCjM
. @ carrieunderwood 's performance at the Academy of Country Music Awards was her first public appearance since she suffered a nasty fall outside her Nashville home last November . https : //t.co/uWfxAkNMki https : //t.co/Ol8Qo1J6bh
`` We look to the Russians to come back into the international fold and help resolve this conflict . ''

WATCH : @ EricShawnTV 's full interview with U.K . Ambassador to the @ UN @ KarenPierceUN . https : //t.co/VJbgj5eoyj
Barbara Bush to focus on comfort care amid 'failing health , ' spokesman says https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/ratd30VCmy
Nearly 207 million eggs recalled over salmonella fears https : //t.co/kLhNSQgAy6
. @ Franklin_Graham : `` I appreciate that we have a president that understands prayer , and solicits prayer . Our country is in trouble . The world is in trouble ... We should be praying for him . '' https : //t.co/cttNgbhRqV
Black bear cubs rescued by @ VSPPIO trooper after mother killed in crash https : //t.co/HZwX5qf7Om https : //t.co/587LhCsvU6
. @ nikkihaley : `` We know that it 's now up to Bashar al-Assad on whether he 's going to use chemical weapons again . And should he use it again , [ @ POTUS ] has made it very clear that the United States is locked and loaded and ready to go . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/uyAsQWSOQt
Ohio teen , 16 , crushed to death by minivan seat , is remembered for his 'great courage ' https : //t.co/OflQlM6c0b
. @ Franklin_Graham : “ I just appreciate that we have a man in office that understands the power of prayer and the need for prayer. ” https : //t.co/FL4gqythVQ
. @ Reba wears infamous red dress at ACM Awards https : //t.co/j557QLpT5X
. @ dbongino : `` Jim @ Comey is on the record telling Congress that he hid the most important counter-intelligence investigation in U.S. history from them for eight months and he had no good reason why other than it was sensitive ... Jim Comey 's lost all credibility . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/oyEL0fuUVU
President @ realDonaldTrump still wants to know what happened in the @ BillClinton-Loretta Lynch tarmac meeting . https : //t.co/P33bQRLrDu https : //t.co/KrxK07tS8a
. @ TGowdySC : `` The reason [ @ Comey ] wrote his book is because he got fired , not because he thinks President @ realDonaldTrump is untethered from the truth , not because President Trump 's ties are too long , not because he thinks he wears tanning bed goggles . It 's because he got fired . '' https : //t.co/SDCDZ6gpfZ
. @ JoeBiden still mulling presidential run . https : //t.co/kb2GNKZN4f
Russia acting like a 'rogue ' country with its Syria support , UK ambassador says https : //t.co/gEjBrfiYrS
MN Dem @ keithellison Links GOP Election Wins to Maternal Mortality https : //t.co/Psc2KJuAaj https : //t.co/SDN3S5fyPE
'People are still suffering ' : MLB back in storm-hit San Juan https : //t.co/1z3yECFCS5
. @ JudgeJeanine Blasts 'Pompous , Egotistical , Patronizing Liar ' Jim @ Comey and 'Self-Absorbed ' Memoir https : //t.co/WTJhP0aCcG https : //t.co/dH6Ku8xC0Y
. @ charliekirk11 : `` Do n't bet against the American people ... Freedom will always win . '' https : //t.co/2QGY1CF4yB
On @ MSNBC today , @ JoeBiden told @ TheRevAl that Republicans are trying to disenfranchise minorities by pressing for voter identification laws . https : //t.co/EYXuT2Gl9G https : //t.co/WIZpJekRXL
Jason Aldean wins ACM Awards ' Entertainer of the Year at show focusing on healing through music after Las Vegas shooting https : //t.co/6wOaJCvynU
. @ charliekirk11 : `` A nation is defined by its borders . You have a weak border , you have a weak country . '' https : //t.co/yc9rW2VsYd
. @ charliekirk11 on @ TheDemocrats ' foreign policy : `` Arm our enemies and put America in a jeopardizing position . '' https : //t.co/dqpTvHwPZU
. @ MariaBartiromo : `` Why did Jim @ Comey take so many memos about @ POTUS , then President-elect or candidate Trump , and no memos about @ HillaryClinton ? '' https : //t.co/osdyZEmk57
John Cena , Nikki Bella end engagement : 'This decision was a difficult one ' https : //t.co/2adnWZF84M
'Full Metal Jacket ' actor R. Lee Ermey dies at age 74 https : //t.co/VbQUlQGxwT https : //t.co/tn9iNcWIy3
Barbara Bush to focus on comfort care amid 'failing health , ' spokesman says https : //t.co/DCtbpRpSCY https : //t.co/EpsVth1j9u
. @ charliekirk11 : `` The only reason why # Zuckerberg testified in front of Congress and why @ facebook is under attack is because some of that data might have been used to help a Republican get elected president of the United States . '' https : //t.co/50IXR5zKvO
On `` @ FoxNewsSunday , '' @ TGowdySC slammed James @ Comey for writing a tell-all book detailing private interactions he had with President @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/VfGjoFi5ae https : //t.co/30KbHjtfCd
. @ RMConservative : `` It 's been three decades since Reagan and we 've lost our way . '' https : //t.co/m2YoeFS314
. @ charliekirk11 : `` We are going to be the decent , fair-minded champions of liberty and freedom for a generation that feels completely lost ... '' https : //t.co/yj2pVrlbw1
. @ Comey calls # Trump 'morally unfit to be president , ' says he would n't have changed handling of # Clinton probe https : //t.co/MKGuDGTIM1
. @ charliekirk11 : `` Despite all the horror that 's happening on our college campuses , I 've never been more optimistic about the future of this country . '' https : //t.co/K0ymZFjVhK
Fans react to Carrie Underwood 's 'new ' face at ACMs Awards https : //t.co/gYp4Fap3yQ
. @ charliekirk11 : `` On college campuses , the most intolerant people are those people that preach tolerance . '' https : //t.co/4KdqSpTtrW
One dead in Greensboro tornado as spring storm system heads east https : //t.co/rUWx8qUUt0
. @ charliekirk11 : `` The greatest threat to Western civilization is what 's going on on our college campuses today . '' https : //t.co/KFLDiRYPg8
The @ WhiteHouse reacted Sunday night to France ’ s claim that it “ convinced ” President @ realDonaldTrump to maintain the U.S. military presence in Syria , shortly after the two allies took part in airstrikes against the Assad regime . https : //t.co/dz3nd5Gvwr https : //t.co/luoNxlJNR7
. @ GreggJarrett : `` You 've got the DOJ that will essentially be investigating itself . The FBI is part of the DOJ . That 's like cops investigating cops , it never works . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/h5MTE8OW0l
Guy Lewis on investigating @ Comey : `` As much as the [ DOJ ] should take the lead on this , I do not want to see another special counsel . This one 's costing us a fortune . Clinton special counsel cost us $ 70-80 million and we got nothing out of it . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/pai4cTliY3
. @ pnjaban : `` If you prosecute [ @ Comey ] the ante is upped for the tables to be turned in the next administration . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/8po7AHBigu
. @ GreggJarrett : `` The only reference of who paid for the dossier is buried in a footnote and is so opaque , you ca n't tell what it really means . That 's deception . That 's lying to a judge . That 's a crime . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/tlF42NSDyS
. @ kimguilfoyle : `` Can you imagine someone who takes an oath to uphold the law and is supposed to do a fair and impartial investigation , nevertheless he proffered a document he knew was largely uncorroborated ... Who does that as the head of the FBI ? '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/9QWegf14tm
Kendall Coffey on Russia dossier : `` If you 're using information that is not reliable and you 're not making the appropriate disclosures to the court , that can obviously be a very serious thing . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/TWL1gKYPrs
. @ GreggJarrett : `` Everything you do in the course and scope of your employment is government property . [ @ Comey ] was acting as the FBI director when he spoke to [ @ POTUS ] , he wrote about their conversations . It 's clearly government property . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/3qdktpRmb2
Ron Bamieh : `` Drafting an opinion is a lot different than making a decision . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/5ozyxa3gUZ
. @ GreggJarrett : `` The evidence against @ HillaryClinton was powerful , overwhelming evidence under a variety of statutes that she broke the law . And if James @ Comey cleared her for political reasons , that 's obstruction of justice . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/otVXQiT3aa
Kendall Coffey on the @ HillaryClinton investigation : `` The key to obstruction is showing a corrupt intent . '' @ NextRevFNC https : //t.co/roYxO4JkTv
RIGHT NOW on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in to Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/aCPAckROCW
Moments ago , @ VP Mike Pence tweeted that he and @ SecondLady Karen Pence were praying for Barbara Bush and her family . https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/mBHfM4jLLX
Millennial newlyweds are ditching honeymoons for ‘ many-moons ’ https : //t.co/oRIV5whX8o
Burger King trained guide dog to sniff out Whoppers https : //t.co/Ve50ohhmFR
World record broken with 1,149-pound cinnamon roll https : //t.co/UK4pyWFuxC
# ACMawards open with somber Las Vegas shooting tribute followed by host Reba 's lighthearted opening https : //t.co/pjcjYKBqvE
OPINION : The US attack on Syria is completely legal and utterly moral . Here ’ s what Trump ’ s critics need to know https : //t.co/lPyhBr0010
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` I still think we need a special counsel into what my committee and Chairman Gowdy 's committee are looking into with regard to how the @ FBI handled investigations into @ HillaryClinton and into both campaigns . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/aaa8gpYcN0
. @ JudgeJeanine : `` Why would you believe a guy with a history replete with lies , dishonesty and contradictions ? We 'll find out Tuesday when disgraced former FBI Director James @ Comey 's book , 'A Higher Loyalty : Truth , Lies and Leadership ' hits the stands . '' https : //t.co/WTJhP0sdBg https : //t.co/N9UEphENBY
Conservative Activist Disinvited from Student-Organized Event at Stoneman Douglas HS https : //t.co/X2gJTuQCJy
'They Do n't Want Black Folks Voting ' : @ JoeBiden Rips GOP on Voter ID , Trump 's 'Lie ' on 'Fraud ' https : //t.co/EUSJ1V6ZDq
Florida woman ordered to share custody of her dog with neighbor in lawsuit https : //t.co/LGoZ2LFJR3
BREAKING : 'Full Metal Jacket ' actor R. Lee Ermey dies at age 74 https : //t.co/PhMvuydmR2
. @ nikkihaley : `` @ POTUS has made it very clear that when it comes to weapons of mass destruction , we have no tolerance for it . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/rtxP4HLCP6
Deadly Syria attack shines spotlight on chemical weapons linked to Assad regime , ISIS-inspired terror groups https : //t.co/44EZloCafS
Flowers , tributes left for burglar stabbed to death by retiree protecting his home https : //t.co/XLvo9XSlKK
Moments ago , @ PressSec released a statement that President @ realDonaldTrump and @ FLOTUS ' prayers are with the Bush family . https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/xyQQ14sbUP
Black bear cubs rescued by @ VSPPIO trooper after mother killed in crash https : //t.co/HZwX5qf7Om https : //t.co/gNkSgXAuOr
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : U.S. Population Projections :
—2030—
•All baby boomers will be over age 65
—2035—
•78.0 million people will be 65 and…
Philadelphia @ Eagles release CB Daryl Worley after arrest https : //t.co/2ERrGpfIrN
OPINION : Assad must go -- US should press Russia to replace Syrian dictator https : //t.co/IczoRuvo6c
Allied forces near Syria . # FoxReport https : //t.co/KOkW2u9aIG https : //t.co/FaxazGsDP5
. @ nikkihaley warns Assad : Trump 'watching , ' US work in Syria 'not done ' https : //t.co/xkSUyAjGoc
. @ TheRock 's 'Rampage ' narrowly beats John Krasinski 's 'A Quiet Place ' at the box office https : //t.co/atvJAqV9S4
. @ charliekirk11 : `` There 's a lot of division happening in this country . More speech is going to solve that , not dis-invitation of speakers or the blocking of different ideas . '' https : //t.co/taqebAEC9W https : //t.co/jplCAZDKVq
. @ RepRatcliffe : `` The firing of Andrew McCabe was justified . Not once , not twice , not three times , but four times the number two person at the premier law enforcement agency in the world - the @ FBI - lied , and was less than truthful - sometimes under oath . '' https : //t.co/F4pNPlUDSP
. @ MariaBartiromo : `` Why did Jim @ Comey take so many memos about @ POTUS , then President-elect or candidate Trump , and no memos about @ HillaryClinton ? '' https : //t.co/5N4CT36uqt
. @ dangainor : Trump strikes Syria , media fire back , and other examples of their war against the president https : //t.co/mMI2kFU75k
Officers in @ Starbucks incident 'did absolutely nothing wrong , ' Philadelphia police chief says https : //t.co/RogcmzzCHh
. @ GOP offered their prayers for former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/OSSTOCh2j7
Earlier , James @ Comey tweeted about his book , which he says features three presidents . https : //t.co/P33bQRLrDu https : //t.co/ciDX5GdzUN
Montana daycare worker built 'drug den ' inside cabinet to smoke meth on the job https : //t.co/J5gqhykoiO
Carrie Underwood shares first close-up photo of face ahead of ACM Awards https : //t.co/FJ9oN4utk5
Syrian refugee Abdalaziz Alhamza : `` For me as a Syrian and many Syrians , we lost the trust of the U.S. under [ @ BarackObama 's ] administration because all that we got from the [ Obama ] administration ... [ were ] only speeches and promises . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/sN5jyp3f9T https : //t.co/TyGaY8w2YG
Moments ago , @ marcorubio tweeted his thoughts and prayers for Barbara Bush and her family . https : //t.co/r5WVAXzI0d https : //t.co/FJ3lw43YR0
Syrian refugees entering the United States . https : //t.co/MLoCaRBUzF
. @ RepEdRoyce : `` It certainly was the right move , and not only was it the right move but the inclusion of Britain and France in the operation , as well as the support that Turkey gave us , perhaps gives us a way forward . '' https : //t.co/IQYUFqt0M3
'They Do n't Want Black Folks Voting ' : Biden Rips GOP on Voter ID , Trump 's 'Lie ' on 'Fraud ' https : //t.co/EUSJ1V6ZDq
Politicians lead show of support for Barbara Bush on Twitter https : //t.co/Zs7clXG8eY
Chili grower defends world 's hottest pepper after man who ate one was hospitalized https : //t.co/6LRgJPmz0n
. @ gen_jackkeane : `` When you actually look at what we accomplished here , I think it was disappointing and really quite inadequate ... The first strike did not deter Assad from using chemical weapons again , so I believe that the purpose of the strike was wrong . '' https : //t.co/niwYztfRJQ
Russia 's 'tendencies ' to go rogue test peace talks in Syria , UK ambassador says https : //t.co/gEjBrfAzQs
Moments ago , @ ChelseaClinton tweeted her thoughts and prayers for Barbara Bush and her family . https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/NUcg4PsUMq
Barbara Bush to focus on comfort care amid 'failing health , ' spokesman says https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/f6UilGPBiZ
Kaine wo n't support Pompeo , calls him 'anti-diplomatic ' like Trump
https : //t.co/BgGv6cec0a
911 system in trapped Ohio teen case may have crashed before call , official says https : //t.co/4tktKcX7Bs
Conservative Activist Disinvited from Student-Organized Event at Stoneman Douglas HS https : //t.co/Aua3Gufofk
. @ JohnKasich sent his prayers to former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/lKUu58gf1K https : //t.co/Nvo5BkJDo3
TONIGHT on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/YMSiEPu950
Moments ago , @ NancyPelosi tweeted her thoughts and prayers to Barbara Bush and her family . https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/j8OI4kSDYU
Philadelphia Eagles player Daryl Worley arrested after being subdued with stun gun , report says https : //t.co/h1R4cY8aqd
. @ CLewandowski_ : @ Comey and McCabe 'Two Liars Lying About Each Other '
https : //t.co/srveOmlRbL
. @ SteveHiltonx : Will @ Comey be held accountable for his behavior ? Law enforcement can not be above the law
https : //t.co/lU1lZQlTF8
'Women Are Dying Because We 're Losing ' : MN Dem Ellison Links GOP Election Wins to Maternal Mortality https : //t.co/ypQyDX10Iu
Barbara Bush to focus on comfort care amid 'failing health , ' spokesman says https : //t.co/DCtbpRpSCY
. @ newtgingrich : @ Comey has written an anti-Trump novel that will be amazingly discredited
https : //t.co/gzKK62H3AX
OPINION : @ realDonaldTrump strikes Syria , media fire back , and other examples of their war against the president https : //t.co/mMI2kFU75k
. @ SenateGOP sends their thoughts and prayers to former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/FLjrYmDEq3
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : Americans working part time because hours were cut back or they couldn ’ t find a full-time job :
•Mar 2010 : 9.2M
•Mar 2…
Former Texas Senator @ kaybaileyhutch tweeted her well-wishes for former First Lady Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/lKUu58gf1K https : //t.co/SK045qtUn1
. @ JonahNRO : `` I do think that the problem for @ Comey is that he is basically trying to get down on @ realDonaldTrump 's level on the one hand , while seeming above the fray on the other . That is a hard look for a polished politician and he just does n't pull it off . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/A3Cbb0Vtf8
Charles Lane on @ Comey 's memoir : `` Well obviously [ @ POTUS ' ] lawyers were going to go after him as a disgruntled former employee no matter what . I mean , the book does n't change that . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/oLgqdDybaR https : //t.co/pTspSlK9SC
Report : @ SteveScalise to support McCarthy as Speaker . https : //t.co/LglpW2LmyD
. @ marc_lotter : `` I think the one thing that has brought Washington together in the last year and a half is everyone at one point or another [ has ] questioned Jim @ Comey 's credibility , his disservice to the FBI and wanted him to lose his job . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/5xmxlPy7vj
. @ TGowdySC : `` The reason [ @ Comey ] wrote his book is because he got fired , not because he thinks President @ realDonaldTrump is untethered from the truth , not because President Trump 's ties are too long , not because he thinks he wears tanning bed goggles . It 's because he got fired . '' https : //t.co/qp76TUnuPv
. @ TGowdySC : `` I do n't know what Mueller was supposed to do other than what he did . When a prosecutor comes in contact with information or evidence of a crime , what are you supposed to do , other than to refer it to the appropriate jurisdiction ? '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/VCdSRoAARm
. @ marc_lotter : `` [ @ POTUS has ] drawn a red line on the use of chemical weapons , he has now acted twice because of that . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/PbJbaewi4o
TONIGHT on `` Life , Liberty , & amp ; Levin , '' @ marklevinshow talks to @ charliekirk11 - Tune in at 10p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/PGNeY3elYR
. @ nikkihaley : `` The international community is telling Russia that either you make a decision on how you act and when you act , or the rest of us will make a decision in isolating you . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/B6iOS4iram
Moments ago , @ RepSwalwell tweeted his prayers for Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/lKUu58gf1K https : //t.co/JxYrNWXZ2s
Moments ago , U.S . Ambassador to the @ UN @ nikkihaley tweeted her prayers for Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/lKUu58gf1K https : //t.co/PQENMVmNE8
Syrian refugees entering the United States . # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/bRAmjzOR3f
. @ nikkihaley : `` We 've never sat back and watched bad things happen . We do wait and use military force as a last response to that . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/jHCxRy63rU
. @ nikkihaley : `` We ca n't control what a country does to its people . We can condemn it , we can acknowledge it . We can try to do everything at the @ UN . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/nrqewefPDd
Barbara Bush to focus on comfort care , will not seek additional medical treatment for ‘ failing health , ’ family spokesman says https : //t.co/RAbQTdncs1 https : //t.co/ro3SkSuOth
. @ nikkihaley : `` This very easily could happen in the United States if we 're not smart and if we 're not conscious of what 's happening and so this was a message sent to Assad . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/TiwmgHipSp
. @ nikkihaley : `` @ POTUS has made it very clear that when it comes to weapons of mass destruction , we have no tolerance for it . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/018g4bWjdB
Former first lady Barbara Bush will focus on comfort care and will not seek additional medical after a series of recent hospitalizations , a family spokesman said Sunday .
https : //t.co/9guOcsLx41
. @ nikkihaley : `` We know that it 's now up to Bashar al-Assad on whether he 's going to use chemical weapons again . And should he use it again , [ @ POTUS ] has made it very clear that the United States is locked and loaded and ready to go . '' # FoxNewsSunday https : //t.co/k9HZBMvUHK
Office of @ GeorgeHWBush on Barbara Bush : `` Following a recent series of hospitalizations , and after consulting her family and doctors , Mrs. Bush , now age 92 , has decided not to seek additional medical treatment and will instead focus on comfort care . '' https : //t.co/Xmo2l4bWZe
Moments ago , Office of @ GeorgeHWBush on # BarbaraBush : `` Following a recent series of hospitalizations , and after consulting her family and doctors , Mrs. Bush , now age 92 , has decided not to seek additional medical treatment and will instead focus on comfort care . '' https : //t.co/iK1qpPcJi7
Golfer Kelly Kraft hits bird in flight with tee shot ; misses cut by one stroke https : //t.co/abwZgqgnWl
Israeli PM @ netanyahu praises U.S.-led airstrike against # Syria ; @ ConormPowell reports . https : //t.co/CzdJ0xINW4 https : //t.co/pp3cPuqesK
On @ foxandfriends , @ JoeLieberman slammed former President @ BarackObama​ 's actions - or lack thereof - toward Assad . https : //t.co/yMovUq4kCt https : //t.co/1pyO3i7OZT
Moments ago , James @ Comey tweeted about his book , which he says features three presidents . https : //t.co/P33bQRLrDu https : //t.co/MY45typQIG
Arizona residents will soon need 'travel ID ' to board planes https : //t.co/6691ydJlbF
On @ MSNBC today , @ JoeBiden told @ TheRevAl that Republicans are trying to disenfranchise minorities by pressing for voter identification laws . https : //t.co/EYXuT2Gl9G https : //t.co/z7SeWrNBZq
Earlier in a series of tweets , @ GovChristie tweeted that `` what [ @ Comey 's ] proving in his interview is that the president may have been right to fire him . '' https : //t.co/oqAZLfTEhZ
Ben Stiller , Trump Critic De Niro Reunite for @ nbcsnl Mueller 'Interrogation ' https : //t.co/9A3zkff82j
On @ foxandfriends , Rev . @ Franklin_Graham praised President @ realDonaldTrump 's willingness to openly discuss prayer and faith . https : //t.co/aDbgmKxrGo https : //t.co/i88PU6jVfw
Starbucks issues apology over arrest of two men https : //t.co/63HvZnJjiP
. @ SteveHiltonx : `` There are serious grounds to think James @ Comey personally committed federal crimes . '' https : //t.co/WABLqvqW2R
`` We look to the Russians to come back into the international fold and help resolve this conflict . ''

WATCH : @ EricShawnTV 's full interview with U.K . Ambassador to the @ UN @ KarenPierceUN . https : //t.co/ZtrbWedyXv
. @ charliekirk11 : `` There 's a lot of division happening in this country . More speech is going to solve that , not dis-invitation of speakers or the blocking of different ideas . '' https : //t.co/Ro22rdUkeC
. @ KarenPierceUN : `` The airstrikes that you saw in the last 48 hours have been deliberately set up to be limited and targeted and specific , and to concentrate on CW facilities . '' https : //t.co/ltpnYkEq9k
. @ KarenPierceUN : `` We look to the Russians to come back into the international fold and help resolve this conflict . '' https : //t.co/U7alflMNQz
. @ KarenPierceUN : `` It 's worth remembering that Russia helped pass the resolution that demanded that Syria give up its chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/khgZ08Ht4B
. @ KarenPierceUN : `` I hope even at this late stage that Russia would still come back and would still help us resolve this crisis . '' https : //t.co/y4EWBIvdO6
. @ KarenPierceUN : `` What you have with Russia is one P5 member that ought to have a special responsibility . That P5 member is blocking the @ UN and the West being able to help resolve this problem . '' https : //t.co/jDVf9RIzA0
Black bear cubs rescued by @ VSPPIO trooper after mother killed in crash https : //t.co/HZwX5pXwpM https : //t.co/8DBtB4yBQn
Trump calls Comey 'worst FBI director in history , ' ahead of book release https : //t.co/1MKozONNf1
. @ RepMcSally : `` Russia and Iran have continued to be obstructionists and destabilizing in the region . '' https : //t.co/A23V1sLJ4r
WARNING , GRAPHIC IMAGES : Greedy snake tries to eat 8 chicken eggs at once , fails miserably https : //t.co/Yk253EHNHm
'Slender Man ' crime photos show blood-soaked clothing , kitchen knife used in attack https : //t.co/SBbyzVGkO0
. @ Franklin_Graham : `` I appreciate that we have a president that understands prayer , and solicits prayer . Our country is in trouble . The world is in trouble ... We should be praying for him . '' https : //t.co/LMQeGNRFD3
TONIGHT on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/QAJsDWKK71
MN Dem @ keithellison Links GOP Election Wins to Maternal Mortality https : //t.co/Psc2KJuAaj https : //t.co/sqjYHS4Gxh
. @ JoeLieberman : `` If you 're president , you 've got to be a leader . You ca n't wait for a long Congressional debate when somebody like Assad , supported by the Russians and the Iranians , has used chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/XZsWRCaEwI
COMING UP : @ EricShawnTV interviews British @ UN Ambassador @ KarenPierceUN - Tune in at 12p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/MkyYWE6ugJ
'Creepy ' Chick-fil-A slammed by 'New Yorker ' writer from Brooklyn https : //t.co/hNtBwCnOe4
RT @ EricShawnTV : At 12pm EDT @ FoxNews : I interview British U.N . Ambassador @ KarenPierceUN on the Syria airstrike , and # UCLA Law Professor a…
President @ realDonaldTrump still wants to know what happened in the @ BillClinton-Loretta Lynch tarmac meeting . https : //t.co/P33bQRLrDu https : //t.co/X2bq0o9vGV
Black bear cubs rescued by Virginia trooper after mother killed in crash https : //t.co/Mrq1ocqRe2
. @ JudgeJeanine Blasts 'Pompous , Egotistical , Patronizing Liar ' Jim @ Comey and 'Self-Absorbed ' Memoir https : //t.co/WTJhP0sdBg https : //t.co/WgCQgsDWXs
RT @ EricShawnTV : I anchor at 12 Noon EDT @ FoxNews with @ ArthelNeville : An exclusive interview with British U.N . Ambassador and # UN # Securi…
David Buckel , prominent gay rights lawyer , burns himself to death in New York to protest global warming https : //t.co/0nHr7xxauy
Report : @ SteveScalise to support McCarthy as Speaker . https : //t.co/00SWJDQd2j
. @ marykissel : `` The loss of Paul Ryan is an intellectual loss for the Republican Party . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/1CEE1Ou60a
Al D'Amato : `` I think it 's a precursor , unfortunately , of the Democrats retaking control of the House . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/vgMlt7swBg
. @ RepEdRoyce : `` It certainly was the right move , and not only was it the right move but the inclusion of Britain and France in the operation , as well as the support that Turkey gave us , perhaps gives us a way forward . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/mDfgxKTYEn
. @ RepRatcliffe : `` The firing of Andrew McCabe was justified . Not once , not twice , not three times , but four times the number two person at the premier law enforcement agency in the world - the @ FBI - lied , and was less than truthful - sometimes under oath . '' # SundayFutures https : //t.co/OKbdhauK13
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` What happened in the leadership of the FBI during the 2016 election ? And Democrats and independents - everyone - American people should be very concerned about the matters that were undertaken at that time . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/qDrfkuFysW
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` I still think we need a special counsel into what my committee and Chairman Gowdy 's committee are looking into with regard to how the @ FBI handled investigations into @ HillaryClinton and into both campaigns . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/ip4HkvV0NC
. @ RepRatcliffe : `` You 've seen Jim @ Comey contradicting himself with respect to his Congressional testimony and also the things that he 's saying in interviews regarding his book tour . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/VBb6dDZEMo
. @ RepRatcliffe : `` The firing of Andrew McCabe was justified . Not once , not twice , not three times , but four times the number two person at the premier law enforcement agency in the world - the @ FBI - lied , and was less than truthful - sometimes under oath . '' # SundayFutures https : //t.co/XzLZgoJd6g
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein , who is the person who actually made the decision to terminate Mr. @ Comey , made the correct decision . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/ZUHkS1g7XQ
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` What happened in the leadership of the FBI during the 2016 election ? And Democrats and independents - everyone - American people should be very concerned about the matters that were undertaken at that time . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/AqfDQmK0uq
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` We need to have access to those documents , and certainly the United States Attorney can take the appropriate steps to pursue appropriate criminal action if it is warranted . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/zm3MJoXnIu
. @ SteveHiltonx : `` There are serious grounds to think James @ Comey personally committed federal crimes . ''

TONIGHT : Watch `` The Trial of James Comey '' on @ NextRevFNC - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/OyAuQLFYmf
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` The Congress is entitled to these documents , and we 'll get them . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/SrrulUdqhF
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` I still think we need a special counsel into what my committee and Chairman Gowdy 's committee are looking into with regard to how the @ FBI handled investigations into @ HillaryClinton and into both campaigns . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/4Jx0YHCqlW
. @ RepGoodlatte : `` Mr. Comey is out aggrandizing himself . He 's out for revenge , I would say , when he talks about a higher justice - he 's really talking about a higher view of himself than the American people have . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/fqKYKVp3dE
On Twitter this morning , President @ realDonaldTrump once again slammed James @ Comey . https : //t.co/P33bQRLrDu https : //t.co/6CsIZJSI8o
. @ SteveHiltonx : `` If you appease one dictator , you encourage all dictators . And the really big message is if we 'd have been weak on Assad here , it sends a message to the people who really matter like Xi Jinping in China . '' https : //t.co/JGQTSYfYcq
Nearly 207 million eggs recalled over salmonella fears ( via @ byKatherineLam ) https : //t.co/kLhNSQybWG
. @ MariaBartiromo : `` Why did Jim @ Comey take so many memos about @ POTUS , then President-elect or candidate Trump , and no memos about @ HillaryClinton ? '' https : //t.co/gkMmTOGKeJ
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : On possibility of President Trump firing Rod Rosenstein , @ TGowdySC tells Chris : Does he have the power to get rid of Rod…
This morning , President @ realDonaldTrump defended his use of the term `` Mission Accomplished . '' https : //t.co/P33bQRLrDu https : //t.co/59f65MFwbG
. @ JoeBiden still mulling presidential run . https : //t.co/Or8ZEbx8iz
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ TGowdySC on FBI raid of Michael Cohen : I don ’ t know what Robert Mueller was supposed to do other than what he did .
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ TGowdySC on FBI raid of Michael Cohen : A neutral detached judge signed off on this…We don ’ t know what the basis of th…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ nikkihaley tells Chris U.S. troops will not be pulled from Syria until goals are accomplished : “ We ’ re not going to lea…
. @ WalidPhares : `` 'Mission Accomplished ' means that the tactical mission , that was a very large tactical mission , was successful . '' https : //t.co/gNDeFkNu1J
On this day in 1947 , Jackie Robinson took the field for the Brooklyn Dodgers , breaking the color barrier in @ MLB . # JackieRobinsonDay https : //t.co/bIlxJ0nqyv
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ nikkihaley tells Chris the relationship between U.S. and Russia is “ very strained ” right now .
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ nikkihaley on relationship between U.S. and Russia : It ’ s been changing over time…if you look at what Russia is doing , …
Boston marking 5 years since marathon attack with tributes https : //t.co/HWgC3PKa7Q
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ nikkihaley on # SyrianStrikes : Assad got reckless…we can ’ t allow even the smallest use of chemical weapons…this easil…
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ nikkihaley on Trump using the phrase “ Mission Accomplished ” # SyrianStrikes : Mission Accomplished is a military term , …
Man survives after driving van off California cliff , plunging into Pacific Ocean ( via @ travfed ) https : //t.co/bgHq7aToSH
. @ Franklin_Graham : “ I just appreciate that we have a man in office that understands the power of prayer and the need for prayer. ” https : //t.co/HttINFc3JR
. @ JoeLieberman : “ Article II of the Constitution makes very clear that the president , as Commander in Chief can act when he deems that our national interest is at stake. ” https : //t.co/sT34wSKmlM
. @ JoeLieberman : “ Part of why we ’ re in the trouble that we ’ re in , in Syria now , is that President Obama drew a red line on chemical weapons , Assad crossed the red line and then nothing happened. ” https : //t.co/uxY9EeCfl0
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about James Comey https : //t.co/Qpilh0RlSA
. @ statedeptspox : “ The president has the ability , the authority and the right to defend American interests and that ’ s exactly what we were doing. ” https : //t.co/QvQWjoxSb0
. @ statedeptspox : “ Without Russia ’ s backing Syria would not be able to kill its innocent civilians . Russia is responsible for this. ” https : //t.co/LTvBcpYM32
. @ statedeptspox : “ We have watched and seen for far too long as Bashar al-Assad has continued to use chemical weapons on his own people. ” https : //t.co/p0QrQvIall
. @ GrecianFormula : “ All of the bombs in the world are not going to solve the Syrian civil war. ” https : //t.co/RCEPsscVYr
. @ David_Bossie : “ It ’ s a show of strength by this president . He is enforcing Obama ’ s weak red line. ” https : //t.co/h6K0OsAHiM
Images show impact of US-led strikes on Syria https : //t.co/7s2NB8Nt0b
GOP commits $ 250 million to keep control of the House https : //t.co/yWFROZs256
Burger King trained guide dog to sniff out Whoppers https : //t.co/wd5Xkg7pxQ
Boxer wearing 'America 1st ' border wall trunks crumbles against Mexican opponent https : //t.co/S5sOObYZpX
Protesters Rally for Second Amendment Rights https : //t.co/aWRjLoKDO1
. @ RepDeSantis on Andrew McCabe : “ His firing was absolutely justified. ” https : //t.co/ojB7itGeh0
. @ RepDeSantis : “ This president is somebody , unlike President Obama , who when he says something he follows through and it ’ s not just in holding Assad accountable for using gas. ” https : //t.co/PZtFSBwZU5
National Park Service nixes plan to raise entrance fees to $ 70 after public outcry https : //t.co/ErMxY98cgN
Yesterday , @ nikkihaley said that President @ realDonaldTrump has assured her the U.S. is `` locked and loaded '' if Assad uses poisonous gas again . https : //t.co/Y3kX5KTV6g https : //t.co/hF9PDeWDX6
Spring blizzard pounds Midwest ; flights canceled , deaths reported https : //t.co/2eyIL7hJm7
U.K . Ambassador to the @ UN @ KarenPierceUN : `` I will take no lessons , Mr. President , in international law from Russia . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/Trt5Ba1NcL
Michigan teen misses bus , gets shot at after asking for directions https : //t.co/NR2fLukVFY
. @ THEHermanCain : `` This is not a trigger-happy president . He does n't want to pull the trigger if he does n't have to . But secondly I have warned people : do n't test this president . He is a real leader , and you do not want to test him , which is what Assad did . '' https : //t.co/BK74bIT4XZ
Eli Crane : `` The world is a better place when the U.S.A. leads from the front . '' https : //t.co/Y3kX5KCkeI https : //t.co/Rg93OZqnDm
Injured Humboldt Broncos get visit from Stanley Cup https : //t.co/f9QfaRHvmk
. @ seanspicer : “ On its face , what Dir . @ Comey describes does n't even make sense as far as what the purpose of the meeting was . '' https : //t.co/jVVVo1c4Yu
OPINION : Why targeting Syria 's chemical weapons is not enough to stop rising civilian death toll https : //t.co/Rt3h5iWFXO
. @ RepTedYoho : `` Is it more important to go after people that use chemical weapons ? What about the other 400,000 who 've been killed conventionally ? That 's just as egregious . '' https : //t.co/tT1mBHIira
Aspiring model killed , 2 injured , after BMW crashes on way to # Coachella18 https : //t.co/65oswc8iJL
. @ holliesmckay : `` The symbolism of the attack has really meant a lot to the Syrian people who have been living through this war for the past 7 years . They really , I think , felt very betrayed by the previous administration . '' https : //t.co/Q0Ld27doCj
On @ foxandfriends , @ SebGorka slammed Vladimir Putin 's condemnation of the strike on Syria , calling the Russian leader `` a thug . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/UgRCTP0N04
Old doors from New York 's Chelsea Hotel auctioned for $ 400G https : //t.co/RD0KrU83PM
Eli Crane : `` I do n't think it 's any coincidence that the Syrians , the Russians and the Iranians are feeling bolstered and they 're testing boundaries with this new administration ... [ @ POTUS ] will not draw red lines and back down from them . '' https : //t.co/vgzJE1dUGb
Lt. Gen. Richard Newton : `` Americans can feel very proud of our men and women who serve in uniform who volunteered to go into harm 's way . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/qG3wUGsL5Z
. @ Comey reportedly wishes he 'd found 'better way ' to describe # Clinton 's email use https : //t.co/xoxKIdGhk0
. @ SebGorka : `` @ POTUS is not a man of the mold of President Bush . He 's not an interventionist . He 's not a neoconservative ... Nevertheless , he understands , as a compassionate man , that this kind of weapon used against unarmed women and children is evil , is reprehensible . '' https : //t.co/6BIn0v8q9J
Dana White : “ We are also extremely proud of the United States servicemembers who carried out this operation last night . They demonstrated unwavering courage and commitment in their defense of the American people and the values and ideals our nations represents. ” https : //t.co/7AsjGZpqwb
. @ dbongino : `` Jim @ Comey is on the record telling Congress that he hid the most important counter-intelligence investigation in U.S. history from them for eight months and he had no good reason why other than it was sensitive ... Jim Comey 's lost all credibility . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/frXIXRYfS4
. @ SenJohnKennedy : `` I 'm proud of my country and I 'm proud of my president . The use of chemical weapons is immoral ... We responded on behalf of all civilized countries and I want to thank the U.K. and France for going in with us . '' https : //t.co/b2MOc8rpIJ
10-year-old girl urges others to stop bullying in heartbreaking viral video https : //t.co/NcXNhodzLZ
`` Mexico respects the right of the United States of America to defend our border , respects our national sovereignty . ''

WATCH : @ VP 's full remarks in Lima , Peru - Part 3. https : //t.co/REg4bH1PZ6 https : //t.co/o97vyGk2d3
`` Russia and Iran are on the wrong side of history . ''

WATCH : @ VP 's full remarks in Lima , Peru - Part 2. https : //t.co/REg4bGKf7y https : //t.co/m4fkSAySOp
`` This was the morally right act to take , and as I spoke to @ POTUS ... we could n't be more proud of our American forces and our allies . ''

WATCH : @ VP 's full remarks in Lima , Peru - Part 1. https : //t.co/REg4bH1PZ6 https : //t.co/aAwEIevGaA
Gun rights supporters hold rallies at state capitols across US https : //t.co/UZtstlBZPG
. @ kayleighmcenany : `` This is a president who fights back . It 's what Republicans wanted , and I think it 's the only way to break through the mainstream media narrative . '' https : //t.co/MY3L6BLoL0
. @ statedeptspox : `` We will continue to hold Russia to account for its bad actions . '' https : //t.co/kOL2tejCOW
On @ WattersWorld , @ GovMikeHuckabee slammed James @ Comey and his new book , calling the former @ FBI director `` disingenuous . '' https : //t.co/OC6Lfeyd1c https : //t.co/ULFtC2fyXh
The guided-missile cruiser USS Monterey ( CG 61 ) fires a Tomahawk land attack missile April 14 . # Syria https : //t.co/8p0K9uN6r7 https : //t.co/WGKf6iS6ig
. @ timkaine , @ HillaryClinton 's running mate in 2016 , called President @ realDonaldTrump 's decision to launch airstrikes against # Syria without Congressional approval `` illegal . '' https : //t.co/Y3kX5KCkeI https : //t.co/Tj1LuFhJ0X
. @ ChristopherHahn : `` You 've got to send a message when somebody uses chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/sN5jypkQ1r @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/i3cz1sjGLq
Gun rights activists with the National Constitutional Coalition of Patriotic Americans participate in a national rally aimed at pushing back against calls for stronger gun control measures outside the state Capitol Saturday in Albany , New York . https : //t.co/IcjeZVfASn https : //t.co/AkKagEqmVb
. @ GovMikeHuckabee on James @ Comey : `` Here is a guy who only found his conscious and his point of view after he got unceremoniously sacked . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/o0f72Tz8sy https : //t.co/mdZbSbLXLF
Justice Dept . wants 'sanctuary ' areas to prove they comply with laws https : //t.co/vcwu1UiCfZ
. @ JudgeJeanine : `` Now why would you believe a guy with a history replete with lies , dishonesty and contradictions ? We 'll find out Tuesday when disgraced former FBI Director James @ Comey 's book , 'A Higher Loyalty : Truth , Lies and Leadership ' hits the stands . '' https : //t.co/FbFOSb3qKL
On `` Justice '' with @ JudgeJeanine , Anthony @ Scaramucci discussed the U.S.-led allied missile strikes in Syria , stating that President @ realDonaldTrump is `` sending the right message . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/4yDrbRsdkP
Anthony Tata : `` The president is doing the hard business of foreign policy that # Obama was just never interested in . '' https : //t.co/sGUcBxtqLR @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/qal0FTzLfT
Syrian government supporters wave Syrian , Iranian and Russian flags in Damascus during demonstrations following the U.S.-led allied missile strikes in Syria to punish the Assad regime for an apparent chemical weapons attack against civilians . https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/sBxSRZ4Q4F
. @ nikkihaley warns US is 'locked and loaded ' if # Syria uses chemical weapons again https : //t.co/nsOOoDNoAS
. @ Scaramucci : `` [ @ POTUS ] represents a benevolent nation and the force for good , the American military , which over the last 100 years has been a peacekeeping force around the world . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/Hgpy3Bqka0
. @ FLOTUS Melania # Trump tweeted her thanks to members of the military and their families . https : //t.co/dNkJVWVbCG https : //t.co/3F4koRk4ei
. @ SebGorka : `` This was a double-whammy . Not only did we deal a very significant blow to Assad 's capacity to use chemical weapons again ... we did more for Russia 's reputation than the last 15 months of sanctions . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/kI93PPG1yF
Yesterday in Lima , Peru , Vice President Mike Pence condemned the Syrian regime , as well as Russia and Iran . https : //t.co/REg4bGKf7y https : //t.co/JFzviVQUHq
. @ Jim_Jordan on James @ Comey 's book : `` There 's no better definition of the swamp than this whole deal . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/zRjqT4XuVc https : //t.co/vXstNHjn7P
On @ foxandfriends , @ CLewandowski_ praised the strike on # Syria and blamed former President @ BarackObama for the current situation . https : //t.co/9HCxrOBLGB https : //t.co/7upzOEdU73
. @ CharlesHurt : `` This is not what @ realDonaldTrump got elected for . He got elected by who found his message very resonating about getting out of these sorts of situations . '' https : //t.co/5bfsApVDp0
Capt . Chuck Nash : `` Like @ nikkihaley said [ Saturday ] , when [ @ POTUS ] draws a red line , he enforces a red line . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLq5rM https : //t.co/98PlupSYq2
Kentucky lawmakers condemn Gov . Bevin 's 'guarantee ' remarks about sex assault of children https : //t.co/TvJgstnmFL
. @ SebGorka : `` It would take a long time and some significant expenditure by Assad to build that capacity again . And I 'm not too sure after what @ realDonaldTrump decided to do [ Friday ] , that he 's going to be keen to do that . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/GFKDQSiam7
On `` Justice , '' @ JudgeJeanine slammed former @ FBI Director James @ Comey and his explosive book that comes out next week . https : //t.co/MAx4cu3e9f https : //t.co/9YRbcBeqpR
Jessie Jane Duff : `` @ nikkihaley gave a very profound message with that we are 'locked and loaded . ' And I as a Marine and anyone who 's ever served on active duty knows exactly what that means ... We 're not bringing our weapons down . We are focused on you . '' https : //t.co/DUUMYsECY3
On @ JudgeJeanine , @ KellyannePolls applauded President @ realDonaldTrump on his decision to , along with Britain and France , launch precision military strikes in Syria to punish the Assad regime for an apparent chemical weapons attack against civilians . https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/vBwBTFRSpN
Kelly Jane Torrance : `` Democrats did not complain and did not seek a Congressional approval when @ BarackObama bombed Libya . They did n't seek it when @ BillClinton bombed Kosovo . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLq5rM https : //t.co/YqpYj518Bj
An aspiring police officer was treated to an exclusive tour of the Henderson Police Department 's station after his lemonade stand raised more than $ 400 for fallen officers . https : //t.co/ODq1hUJJy7 https : //t.co/qM7rhCw9MF
. @ CLewandowski_ : “ The reason we ’ re in this situation with Assad is because @ BarackObama drew a line in the sand which meant nothing. ” https : //t.co/Zwa7ET6yMj https : //t.co/WiZ0QFDwYc
J. Christian Adams on James @ Comey 's book : `` It showed that you had the number-two man at the @ FBI repeatedly lying under oath ... It really opens up your eyes to how politicized things became under Eric Holder , Loretta Lynch and @ BarackObama . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/JxmBdaPJt0
Inside Syria : Reactions to US strikes range from excitement to fear https : //t.co/WeWah6Qgib
. @ KellyannePolls : `` The president took action here that was not impulsive , and was very decisive . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/sGUcBxtqLR https : //t.co/rnObSePtzj
. @ GOP commits $ 250 million to keep control of the House https : //t.co/yWFROZaqGw
. @ DrZuhdiJasser : `` We have a president now that 's going to set red lines , that 's not going to let powers like Russia and Iran colonialize Syria . '' https : //t.co/J49ea2KpmN
Syrian refugee Abdalaziz Alhamza : `` For me as a Syrian and many Syrians , we lost the trust of the U.S. under [ @ BarackObama 's ] administration because all that we got from the [ Obama ] administration ... [ were ] only speeches and promises . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/sN5jypkQ1r https : //t.co/9OCDFVEg8k
A U.S. military vehicle displays an American flag just outside of Manbij , Syria . https : //t.co/sN5jypkQ1r https : //t.co/QQM1QIHM7q
`` When our president draws a red line , our president enforces the red line . ''

WATCH : U.S . Ambassador to the @ UN @ nikkihaley 's full remarks at the Security Council . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/H3Jgspxo8m
Yesterday , @ SenSanders tweeted about about the military strike against the Assad regime in # Syria .

Tune in to Fox News Channel for continuing live coverage . https : //t.co/8p0K9v4HPH https : //t.co/YspkB9KCii
. @ HillaryClinton Praises @ MaxineWaters for Pushing Back on 'White Supremacist ' Views From @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/Ow143Ck6Ss https : //t.co/z4H5RpFEaL
Arizona residents will soon need 'travel ID ' to board planes https : //t.co/6691ydJlbF
TOMORROW on `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War , '' Frederick Douglass : The Dawn of a New Day , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/yMn3S55XeH
. @ SteveHiltonx : US attack on Syria deserves populist support https : //t.co/O9WiO14WHV
. @ dbongino : `` Jim @ Comey is on the record telling Congress that he hid the most important counter-intelligence investigation in U.S. history from them for eight months and he had no good reason why other than it was sensitive ... Jim Comey 's lost all credibility . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/LCTMORdoJa
Transport truck slams SUV on top of it into bridge https : //t.co/obmOlShnpe
Mega Millions winner is New Jersey food production manager https : //t.co/iGauTphlzF
. @ ChristopherHahn : `` You 've got to send a message when somebody uses chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/sN5jypkQ1r @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/bgmAGx6mC1
TOMORROW on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/0BfXZODVc4
Million killer bees threaten Texas neighborhood : 'It was like a horror movie ' https : //t.co/nhPQbeKjZH
'No Bombshells ' : Wallace Says Comey 's Book Does n't 'Change the Equation ' for Trump https : //t.co/oLgqdDPM2p
OPINION : The US attack on Syria is completely legal and utterly moral . Here ’ s what Trump ’ s critics need to know https : //t.co/GKatWduRSY
On Friday , @ SenSchumer ​ tweeted his support for the U.S.-led coalition strikes in Syria , but urged caution against getting involved in war . https : //t.co/U7TVDX1ovF https : //t.co/8SwIhACTlG
Ohio teen crushed to death by minivan seat was 'funny , smart and positive , ' family says https : //t.co/9HYBYN06kL
Officials find woman 's body believed to be from SUV that plunged into river https : //t.co/9sYsWoVB0x
. @ Starbucks issues apology over arrest of two men https : //t.co/YbcKQ5X64R
National Park Service nixes plan to raise entrance fees to $ 70 after public outcry https : //t.co/JPRDjqcPCJ
Pence calls Syria mission 'completely accomplished , ' tells Russia to get the message https : //t.co/2fK7Nn8i1F
. @ JudgeJeanine : `` Now why would you believe a guy with a history replete with lies , dishonesty and contradictions ? We 'll find out Tuesday when disgraced former FBI Director James @ Comey 's book , 'A Higher Loyalty : Truth , Lies and Leadership ' hits the stands . '' https : //t.co/cOcApj6wWj
Judge says torching victim can testify from beyond the grave at boyfriend 's trial for her murder https : //t.co/yAHKhkMpVw
J. Christian Adams on James @ Comey 's book : `` It showed that you had the number-two man at the FBI repeatedly lying under oath ... It really opens up your eyes to how politicized things became under Eric Holder , Loretta Lynch and @ BarackObama . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/pk4k0apc4A
Anthony Tata : `` The president is doing the hard business of foreign policy that # Obama was just never interested in . '' https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/vKMUd20VUM
. @ Scaramucci : `` [ @ POTUS ] represents a benevolent nation and the force for good , the American military , which over the last 100 years has been a peacekeeping force around the world . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/ELZKgRKf1m
Lt . Colonel David Hunt : `` The message ... wo n't stop Assad from using his chemical weapons again . '' https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/AbpQOhFSIZ
. @ JMfreespeech : @ realDonaldTrump says 'Mission Accomplished ' in Syria but his broader strategy is still hard to discern https : //t.co/7Mf6RkrbTZ
. @ KellyannePolls : `` If anything binds a very politically charged , sometimes overly partisan Washington D.C. on both sides of the aisle , it 's the agreement that Jim @ Comey does n't have much credibility . '' https : //t.co/MAx4ctLDhH @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/NrBpAxLFG4
. @ KellyannePolls : `` It 's important ... [ to get ] Assad to understand that this country and our allies ... will not sit idly by and look the other way ... '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/PDQAKB4OwF
. @ KellyannePolls : `` The president took action here that was not impulsive , and was very decisive . '' @ JudgeJeanine https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/Z2H19pmzXo
More than 100 motorists rescued amid blizzard conditions in Nebraska , authorities say https : //t.co/otJbvP1mNc
. @ GovMikeHuckabee on James @ Comey : `` Here is a guy who only found his conscious and his point of view after he got unceremoniously sacked . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/o0f72Tz8sy https : //t.co/YdKhzdgwea
Smoke rises from the damage of the Syrian Scientific Research Center which was attacked by U.S. , British and French military strikes to punish the Assad regime for an apparent chemical weapons attack against civilians . https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/ZBhemw4FeY
. @ Jim_Jordan on James @ Comey 's book : `` There 's no better definition of the swamp than this whole deal . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/zRjqT4FU3E https : //t.co/RtDZO2YfAH
Syrian refugee Abdalaziz Alhamza : `` For me as a Syrian and many Syrians , we lost the trust of the U.S. under [ @ BarackObama 's ] administration because all that we got from the [ Obama ] administration ... [ were ] only speeches and promises . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/sN5jyp3f9T https : //t.co/OVbVkCAwrS
. @ SebGorka : `` It would take a long time and some significant expenditure by Assad to build that capacity again . And I 'm not too sure after what @ realDonaldTrump decided to do [ Friday ] , that he 's going to be keen to do that . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/KrlP78EPRx
America and allies launch strikes on Syria . @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/JwCf9piOQd
. @ SebGorka : `` This was a double-whammy . Not only did we deal a very significant blow to Assad 's capacity to use chemical weapons again ... we did more for Russia 's reputation than the last 15 months of sanctions . '' @ WattersWorld https : //t.co/WVzmXnAw6K
Art Bell , whose 'Coast to Coast AM ' radio show reveled in the paranormal , dies at 72 https : //t.co/1wTNX1gm6M
Kelly Jane Torrance : `` Democrats did not complain and did not seek a Congressional approval when @ BarackObama bombed Libya . They did n't seek it when @ BillClinton bombed Kosovo . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/s6tJbX9qP0
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : # OTD in 1865 : Lincoln was shot and killed by actor John Wilkes Booth while watching a play at Ford ’ s Theatre in DC . Af…
Jessie Jane Duff : `` @ nikkihaley gave a very profound message with that we are 'locked and loaded . ' And I as a Marine and anyone who 's ever served on active duty knows exactly what that means ... We 're not bringing our weapons down . We are focused on you . '' https : //t.co/cLICyGqvpm
Jessie Jane Duff : `` Russia has to be called out by the international community that if you want to be considered a serious international player , that if you are endorsing and condoning this abhorrent behavior ... we are not going to tolerate it further . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/ZwsywCmuQR
OPINION : Hit Assad hard , put smiles on the faces of all who lost children ' : A Syrian activist 's message for @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/EWZBUOyDwY
Russian trolls launch a disinformation campaign after the Syria airstrikes : Pentagon https : //t.co/ejUqzVW3Al
OPINION : DOJ IG report shows the wisdom of firing FBI leaders McCabe and Comey https : //t.co/bhAcrDC7e6
GOP commits $ 250 million to keep control of the House https : //t.co/oV9QnqeSrK
Mouaz Moustafa : `` What [ the Assad ] regime understands is the credible threat of force . And right now the regime thinks that it can have a military victory . '' https : //t.co/8zZ3sIBOc4
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : Syria Strike →
- by the numbers
• 2 : B-1 bombers used
• 3 : Participants 🇺🇸🇬🇧🇫🇷
• 3 : Primary targets
• 4am : Strike laun…
Mike Coffman : `` It 's not simply about Syria . This is about the international community in that we simply do n't chemical weapons used anywhere . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/8KW2e6oBHo
. @ AnnCoulter : Cohen Raid Was Attempt By Mueller to Get Trump to Fire Him https : //t.co/wl4Kb6Pz2M
Capt . Chuck Nash : `` Like @ nikkihaley said [ Saturday ] , when [ @ POTUS ] draws a red line , he enforces a red line . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/Gg9O9t5QEi
Capt . Chuck Nash : `` I do n't think that we 've knocked out all of [ Assad 's ] stockpiles . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/qUxIguNvRc
Oliver North : Syria Strike Sends 'Important Message ' to 'Enablers ' Iran , Russia https : //t.co/zBcPmUm6KB
. @ Comey reportedly wishes he 'd found 'better way ' to describe Clinton 's email use https : //t.co/cAxJCc2bvO
Strikes against Syrian regime bolster locals ' hopes that U.S. will stay for long haul https : //t.co/BFVgNVBuPh
National Park Service drops entrance fees to $ 35 after public outcry https : //t.co/DvsthcKlfr
Earlier , @ NancyPelosi tweeted about the military strike in Syria against the Assad regime . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/AyPc1FAw1z
. @ JMfreespeech : @ realDonaldTrump was right to pardon 'Scooter ' Libby https : //t.co/NWAq0CQKCj
Lt. Gen. Richard Newton : `` Americans can feel very proud of our men and women who serve in uniform who volunteered to go into harm 's way . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/UK65IVFVaU
OPINION : Why targeting Syria 's chemical weapons is not enough to stop rising civilian death toll https : //t.co/N4LsBkNZmN
Run-ins with Carfentanil : The opioid 5,000 times more potent than heroin - via @ CristinaCorbin https : //t.co/yCtqrlw4p5
A U.S. military vehicle displays an American flag just outside of Manbij , Syria . https : //t.co/sN5jyp3f9T https : //t.co/Q3YyujH7ay
Pro-Assad Syrians demonstrate in Damascus after US-led airstrikes https : //t.co/QosZssKsYG
'Racist & amp ; Rapist ' : Vandals Deface UVA 's Thomas Jefferson Statue on Founder 's 275th Birthday https : //t.co/elB0pIdUMN
TOMORROW on `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War , '' Frederick Douglass : The Dawn of a New Day , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/39WQzpjmE5
. @ nikkihaley warns US is 'locked and loaded ' if Syria uses chemical weapons again . @ lauraingle is live from the United Nations .

Tune in to Fox News Channel for continuing live coverage . https : //t.co/Y3kX5KCkeI https : //t.co/UXIaHPPphU
. @ nikkihaley : `` The United Kingdom , France , and the United States acted not as revenge , not as punishment , not as a symbolic show of force - we acted to deter the future use of chemical weapons by holding the Syrian regime responsible for its atrocities against humanity . '' https : //t.co/mUCaxxAjDG
. @ JMfreespeech : `` I think another goal of the strike last night was to make sure that we do n't have to do this again , because it was clear that @ POTUS and @ VP today laid blame ... directly at the feet of Iran and Russia . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/HXutNyuJnP
. @ SebGorka : “ @ POTUS sent a very simple message : America is back . The world is dangerous without American leadership. ” https : //t.co/5N4J5ku5KF
. @ jasoninthehouse : `` @ POTUS sent a strong message , certainly different than @ BarackObama who drew a red line and then did nothing . '' https : //t.co/5z2AOmMpNx
Earlier , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about the military strike against the Assad regime in Syria . https : //t.co/Y3kX5KCkeI https : //t.co/cIUIjFpZ3U
. @ timkaine , @ HillaryClinton 's running mate in 2016 , called President @ realDonaldTrump 's decision to launch airstrikes against # Syria without Congressional approval `` illegal . '' https : //t.co/Y3kX5KCkeI https : //t.co/vQ49iimuVp
`` When our president draws a red line , our president enforces the red line . ''

WATCH : U.S . Ambassador to the @ UN @ nikkihaley 's full remarks at the Security Council . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/IFmEpNV9di
TOMORROW on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/IzdkpF5kpN
. @ SteveHiltonx : US attack on Syria deserves populist support https : //t.co/tnwNaTfa2J
RT @ EricShawnTV : I anchor @ Foxnews starting at 5pm EDT with @ ArthelNeville : The # SyriaStrikes .
In 2013 SOS John Kerry promised the deal wit…
. @ seanspicer : “ On its face , what Dir . @ Comey describes does n't even make sense as far as what the purpose of the meeting was . '' https : //t.co/EgXH9OWyVa
Yesterday , @ SenSanders tweeted about about the military strike against the Assad regime in # Syria .

Tune in to Fox News Channel for continuing live coverage . https : //t.co/8p0K9v4HPH https : //t.co/prwCUrM0yO
NYC tourist threatened at knifepoint for wearing Trump hat , police say https : //t.co/ohTyFGlBkn
Last night , French President @ EmmanuelMacron tweeted about the military strike against the Assad regime in Syria https : //t.co/6VpY8p6PzE
Dramatic video shows safari guide stopping a charging elephant with his hand https : //t.co/Ui2ArcALn7
. @ kayleighmcenany : `` [ @ Comey is ] a really rogue , disgruntled employee ... He 's gone off the rails , really . It 's not befitting for a former @ FBI director to spill all of these secrets in a book . '' https : //t.co/nge9d8F5tH
. @ wjmcgurn : `` We have to change the equation from worrying about what 's Putin gon na do to [ bad guys ] out there worrying what 's America going to do . '' https : //t.co/sN5jyp3f9T https : //t.co/cvcEcYxjAJ
. @ marykissel : `` If @ POTUS is so concerned about stopping the use of chemical weapons , he 's also in the same breath acknowledging that Assad might use them again . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/WiaUBumal0
. @ DanHenninger : `` The [ Trump ] administration , I think , has made [ it ] crystal clear [ that ] at this point in time , the pretext for this was only the chemical weapon attack , not anything else that has been going on in Syria in the civil war or the adjacent regions . '' https : //t.co/iQ4thupqUT
At a @ DeptofDefense briefing this morning , @ ChiefPentSpox warned of aggressive Russian disinformation in the wake of the strike on # Syria . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/uMmqYF88FZ
OPINION : Trump strikes Syria , media fire back , and other examples of their war against the president https : //t.co/mMI2kFU75k
Adm. Robert Natter : `` Certainly [ the strikes in Syria ] ] had limited objectives . Those objectives were hit and most likely , totally destroyed . '' https : //t.co/sN5jyp3f9T https : //t.co/QozCnQolxc
. @ VP to Russia : 'You 're On the Wrong Side of History ' https : //t.co/p0O470dFZa
Robert Ford : `` We ca n't bring about regime change ourselves without a massive invasion like 2003 in Iraq ... The best we can do is to try to set a norm against the use of chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/Y3kX5KCkeI https : //t.co/UOVIxREk43
. @ holliesmckay : `` Overall , the general perception [ in Syria ] has been quite positive and I think people are just standing by waiting to see what happens next . '' https : //t.co/sN5jyp3f9T https : //t.co/YsAgtJRj8K
Moments ago in Lima , Peru , Vice President Mike Pence condemned the Syrian regime , as well as Russia and Iran . https : //t.co/REg4bGKf7y https : //t.co/vw75aZp8BS
Eli Crane : `` I do n't think it 's any coincidence that the Syrians , the Russians and the Iranians are feeling bolstered and they 're testing boundaries with this new administration ... [ @ POTUS ] will not draw red lines and back down from them . '' https : //t.co/VxNYdTPNbL
Eli Crane : `` The world is a better place when the U.S.A. leads from the front . '' https : //t.co/Y3kX5KCkeI https : //t.co/XWcMPCByvT
TOMORROW on `` Life , Liberty , & amp ; Levin , '' @ marklevinshow talks to @ charliekirk11 - Tune in at 10p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/CnPJbKzOLh
Eli Crane : `` Unlike our last president , President @ realDonaldTrump understands peace through strength . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/rXfnXiJuTB
`` Mexico respects the right of the United States of America to defend our border , respects our national sovereignty . ''

WATCH : @ VP 's full remarks in Lima , Peru - Part 3. https : //t.co/REg4bGKf7y https : //t.co/jmjZkC6JjK
`` Russia and Iran are on the wrong side of history . ''

WATCH : @ VP 's full remarks in Lima , Peru - Part 2. https : //t.co/REg4bGKf7y https : //t.co/iu4KreFAg1
`` This was the morally right act to take , and as I spoke to @ POTUS this morning , we could n't be more proud of our American forces and our allies . ''

WATCH : @ VP 's full remarks in Lima , Peru - Part 1. https : //t.co/REg4bGKf7y https : //t.co/LwsKCXEdjk
. @ HollieSMcKay : Inside Syria : Reactions to US strikes range from excitement to fear https : //t.co/sN5jypkQ1r https : //t.co/KTyEbfAsLn
Earlier , @ nikkihaley said that President @ realDonaldTrump has assured her the U.S. is `` locked and loaded '' if Assad uses poisonous gas again . https : //t.co/Y3kX5KTV6g https : //t.co/gsvXqmKXGY
. @ VP : `` Mexico respects the right of the United States of America to defend our border , respects our national sovereignty . '' https : //t.co/qZG3rRAcly
. @ VP : `` Russia and Iran are on the wrong side of history . '' https : //t.co/bYJ6SfCBSv
Earlier , @ FLOTUS Melania Trump tweeted her thanks to members of the military and their families . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/spOxge2N0D
. @ VP : `` @ POTUS made this decision with high confidence of our intelligence community , supported by our allies , that Syria had conducted the attack . '' https : //t.co/7ZBiImCUr9
TOMORROW on @ FoxNewsSunday , Chris Wallace speaks to U.S . Ambassador to the @ UN @ nikkihaley - Tune in at 2p & amp ; 7p ET on Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/GW2q5W9hZM
. @ VP : `` We stand against , as the civilized world has for more than a century , we stand against the use of chemical weapons against innocent civilians . '' https : //t.co/wyVv5e1h1b
. @ VP : `` @ POTUS has also made it clear that the United States of America is prepared to sustain this effort . '' https : //t.co/JSeTd2xk4X
. @ VP : `` This was the morally right act to take , and as I spoke to @ POTUS this morning , we could n't be more proud of our American forces and our allies . '' https : //t.co/D311qyXBZI
Haley warns US is 'locked and loaded ' if Syria uses chemical weapons again https : //t.co/nsOOoDvNJk
On @ foxandfriends , @ SebGorka slammed Vladimir Putin 's condemnation of the strike on Syria , calling the Russian leader `` a thug . '' https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/d5DAlgPCJf
. @ HillaryClinton Praises @ MaxineWaters for Pushing Back on 'White Supremacist ' Views From @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/Ow143Ck6Ss https : //t.co/buYPje3zuf
. @ THEHermanCain : `` This is not a trigger-happy president . He does n't want to pull the trigger if he does n't have to . But secondly I have warned people : do n't test this president . He is a real leader , and you do not want to test him , which is what Assad did . '' https : //t.co/3roQgz0MQ0
TOMORROW on `` Legends & amp ; Lies : The Civil War , '' Frederick Douglass : The Dawn of a New Day , hosted by Brian @ Kilmeade - Tune in at 8p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/xoVCjpJyFk
. @ AnnCoulter : Cohen Raid Was Attempt By Mueller to Get Trump to Fire Him
https : //t.co/wl4Kb6Pz2M
. @ RepTedYoho : `` Is it more important to go after people that use chemical weapons ? What about the other 400,000 who 've been killed conventionally ? That 's just as egregious . '' https : //t.co/aaQ9aAZGLf
. @ SebGorka : `` @ POTUS is not a man of the mold of President Bush . He 's not an interventionist . He 's not a neoconservative ... Nevertheless , he understands , as a compassionate man , that this kind of weapon used against unarmed women and children is evil , is reprehensible . '' https : //t.co/qYS1dEZWE1
Pentagon : US , allies launched 105 missiles in Syria , 'successfully ' hit all three targets https : //t.co/ejTRFSkNrk
Inside Syria : Reactions to US strikes range from excitement to fear https : //t.co/WeWah6yFqD
. @ kayleighmcenany : `` This is a president who fights back . It 's what Republicans wanted , and I think it 's the only way to break through the mainstream media narrative . '' https : //t.co/MKK0JWnNtw
. @ SebGorka on Putin : `` When a former KGB colonel condemns our actions , you know we took the right actions . He 's a thug . That 's who he is . '' https : //t.co/dwF842bmtn
. @ kayleighmcenany : `` [ @ Comey is ] a really rogue , disgruntled employee ... He 's gone off the rails , really . It 's not befitting for a former @ FBI director to spill all of these secrets in a book . '' https : //t.co/enKZZ34mvV
Russian President Putin reacts to Syria strikes . https : //t.co/4kYgHqP6m1
. @ CharlesHurt : `` This is not what @ realDonaldTrump got elected for . He got elected by who found his message very resonating about getting out of these sorts of situations . '' https : //t.co/GPXFDYWJUu
. @ CLewandowski_ : “ The reason we ’ re in this situation with Assad is because @ BarackObama drew a line in the sand which meant nothing. ” https : //t.co/Zwa7ET6yMj https : //t.co/QsSMQMZhBj
. @ statedeptspox : `` We will continue to hold Russia to account for its bad actions . '' https : //t.co/7mRLDooEY6
Video released by the French military shows the launch of a missile targeting Syrian ‘ Chemical Weapons Production . ' https : //t.co/SRglgMoJKq https : //t.co/FJA9yMfCZf
. @ holliesmckay : `` The symbolism of the attack has really meant a lot to the Syrian people who have been living through this war for the past 7 years . They really , I think , felt very betrayed by the previous administration . '' https : //t.co/xKPiqHEdQV
. @ DrZuhdiJasser : `` We have a president now that 's going to set red lines , that 's not going to let powers like Russia and Iran colonialize Syria . '' https : //t.co/NuIb7NuWvQ
Moments ago , @ nikkihaley said that President @ realDonaldTrump has assured her the U.S. is `` locked and loaded '' if Assad uses poisonous gas again . https : //t.co/dNkJVWVbCG https : //t.co/zl3ISFblGW
Pentagon : US , allies launched 105 missiles in Syria , 'successfully ' hit all three targets https : //t.co/ejTRFSkNrk
U.K . Ambassador to the @ UN @ KarenPierceUN : `` I will take no lessons , Mr. President , in international law from Russia . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVWVbCG https : //t.co/ua7GNSujPe
TOMORROW on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/dFgRTDfJWw
`` When our president draws a red line , our president enforces the red line . ''

WATCH : U.S . Ambassador to the @ UN @ nikkihaley 's full remarks at the Security Council . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/US6XNSudky
TOMORROW on @ SundayFutures , @ MariaBartiromo speaks to @ RepGoodlatte - Tune in at 10a ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/FvQmtWXAFQ
Vassily Nebenzia , Russian ambassador to @ UN : `` The U.S. panders to the terrorists who have been tormenting the Syrian people for 7 years leading to a wave of refugees fleeing this country in the region . '' https : //t.co/AuBEF9HUcw
, @ nikkihaley : `` When our president draws a red line , our president enforces the red line . '' https : //t.co/sVU1k9yhkG
. @ nikkihaley : `` I spoke to @ POTUS this morning and he said if the Syrian regime uses this poisonous gas again , the United States is locked and loaded . '' https : //t.co/5rav3gbWUE
. @ nikkihaley : `` Our message was crystal clear : the United States of America will not allow the Assad regime to continue to use chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/eHvpTIZxaL
. @ nikkihaley : `` Our Syrian strategy has not changed . However , the Syrian regime has forced us to take action based on their repeated use of chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/t4CkGxWttO
. @ nikkihaley : `` Chemical weapons are a threat to us all . They are a unique threat , a type of weapon so evil that the international community agreed they must be banned . We can not stand by and let Russia trash every international norm that we stand for . '' https : //t.co/uQv63bmOqY
. @ nikkihaley : `` Russia 's veto was the green-light for the Assad regime to use these most barbaric weapons against the Syrian people in complete violation of international law . '' https : //t.co/Uj625qNzBU
. @ nikkihaley : `` We did not give diplomacy just one chance . We gave diplomacy chance after chance . Six times - that 's how many times Russia vetoed Security Council resolutions to address chemical weapons in Syria . '' https : //t.co/r1FPoi1mV2
. @ nikkihaley : `` The targets we selected were at the heart of the Syrian regime 's illegal chemical weapons program . The strikes were carefully planned to minimize civilian casualties . '' https : //t.co/LrkpoGTTY5
. @ nikkihaley : `` There is clear information demonstrating Assad 's culpability . The pictures of dead children were not fake news . They were the result of the Syrian regime 's barbaric inhumanity . '' https : //t.co/zUhpb9ik0h
. @ nikkihaley : `` We can all see that a Russian disinformation campaign is in full force this morning , but Russia 's desperate attempts at deflection can not change the facts . '' https : //t.co/TldreojWuC
. @ nikkihaley : `` The United Kingdom , France , and the United States acted not as revenge , not as punishment , not as a symbolic show of force - we acted to deter the future use of chemical weapons by holding the Syrian regime responsible for its atrocities against humanity . '' https : //t.co/FcDRMJHzqI
. @ nikkihaley : `` The time for talk ended last night . '' https : //t.co/OUsBKtfrs5
Awaiting comments from U.S . Ambassador to the @ UN @ nikkihaley - For full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/8jXIKH9hoZ
. @ SenJohnKennedy : `` I 'm proud of my country and I 'm proud of my president . The use of chemical weapons is immoral ... We responded on behalf of all civilized countries and I want to thank the U.K. and France for going in with us . '' https : //t.co/ps67yVP6hC
UN Security Council has an emergency meeting meeting in reaction to airstrikes on Syria https : //t.co/HAwzFsWijQ
Col. David Hunt , @ USArmy ret . : `` One of the reasons that we 're still around as a country is because of this phenomenal military , which I 'll remind everybody is less than 1 % of the nation - it 's an all-volunteer force . '' https : //t.co/CrmedMjwCg
Moments ago , @ FLOTUS Melania Trump tweeted her thanks to members of the military and their families . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/6FqX2kff32
. @ WalidPhares : `` The Syrian regime made , probably , a mistake by overusing it ... Their goal is basically to push the populations around Damascus , populations hostile to the regime , to leave . You want to name it - ethnic cleansing . '' https : //t.co/OU20m6RrPQ
COMING UP : @ UN Security Council emergency meeting in reaction to airstrikes on # Syria . https : //t.co/yy3frbfI9V
TOMORROW on @ FoxNewsSunday , Chris Wallace talks to @ TGowdySC - Tune in at 2p & amp ; 7p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/3eyfVBWsUi
Oliver North : Syria Strike Sends 'Important Message ' to 'Enablers ' Iran , Russia
https : //t.co/zBcPmUm6KB
The guided-missile cruiser USS Monterey ( CG 61 ) fires a Tomahawk land attack missile . # Syria https : //t.co/8p0K9v4HPH https : //t.co/8JXK8ILHwI
. @ RepLeeZeldin : `` @ POTUS 's decision and the execution of the strikes last night were done , I believe , correctly , appropriately , proportionally . '' https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/1se7jM4lZ4
On @ foxandfriends , @ CLewandowski_ praised the strike on # Syria and blamed former President @ BarackObama for the current situation . https : //t.co/9HCxrOBLGB https : //t.co/X10PBZ63xl
U.S. and allies launch strikes on Syria ; David Lee Miller reports . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/R9D5xWULZ7
The guided-missile cruiser USS Monterey ( CG 61 ) fires a Tomahawk land attack missile April 14 . # Syria https : //t.co/8p0K9v4HPH https : //t.co/HRIOkL0LWC
. @ OliverNorthFNC : `` Syria is a totally failed state . The ultimate outcome is going to be a completely different map . '' https : //t.co/Cob0q1gjdF
Moments ago at a @ DeptofDefense briefing , spokesperson @ ChiefPentSpox warned of aggressive Russian disinformation in the wake of the strike on # Syria . https : //t.co/dNkJVXcN1g https : //t.co/oQspv4ZeNp
NEWS ALERT : Awaiting emergency @ UN Security Council meeting in wake of strikes on # Syria - For full live coverage , tune in to Fox News Channel . https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/icjjsDdqnq
Russian Ambassador to the U.S. on # Syria . https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/TwJnxma0pm
. @ GeraldoRivera : `` Assad crossed the red line . Trump said , 'Do n't cross the red line , if you do you 're going to be punished . I promise you you 're going to be hurt . ' And [ Assad ] was punished . He was hurt . '' https : //t.co/9XtwuRPKDf
. @ RepMcSally : `` I 'm so proud of the men and women in uniform that were involved in this attack . '' https : //t.co/bBHPziPbtK
. @ RepMcSally : `` @ POTUS had clear authorities under the Constitution , his Article II authorities . the War Powers Act , the AUMF - he had all the authorities he needed . '' https : //t.co/7bxIBECkC8
This morning , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about the military strike against the Assad regime in Syria .

Tune in to Fox News Channel for continuing live coverage . https : //t.co/PWpbzLHGQm https : //t.co/lNQGP2IkI8
. @ ChiefPentSpox : `` The Russian disinformation campaign has already begun . There has been a 2,000 % increase in Russian trolls in the last 24 hours . '' https : //t.co/uYSJ9EsJxg
. @ ChiefPentSpox : `` Assad 's actions were beyond the pale ... Civilized nations ca n't let what 's happened in Syria stand . '' https : //t.co/Qrthxph93N
. @ ChiefPentSpox : `` Last night 's operations were successful . We made all of our objectives . We hit all of our targets successfully ... It was a successful mission . '' https : //t.co/mDlPgiEwhO
Lt. Gen. Kenneth F. McKenzie Jr. : “ None of our Tomahawks experienced any problems . '' https : //t.co/sMueaLUmzU
. @ ChiefPentSpox : `` @ POTUS has the authority under Article II to defend U.S. interests and national interests ... This was a fully legitimate operation . '' https : //t.co/KJfKIO8wRa
Lt. Gen. Kenneth F. McKenzie Jr. : “ I would say there 's still a residual element of the Syrian program that 's out there . I believe that we took the heart of it out with the attacks that we accomplished last night . '' https : //t.co/VmRYjIjg61
. @ ChiefPentSpox : `` Our focus remains defeating ISIS . It is not to get involved in the Syrian civil war . '' https : //t.co/FP9eJ9yRoH
. @ ChiefPentSpox : `` It is clear to everyone that the Syrian people have suffered for too long which is why we are 100 % behind the @ UN-backed Geneva peace process . '' https : //t.co/Jz4tguTuBB
Lt. Gen. Kenneth F. McKenzie Jr. : “ In a powerful show of allied unity , we deployed 105 weapons against three targets. ” https : //t.co/QldXxBW0bN
Lt. Gen. Kenneth F. McKenzie Jr. : “ I ’ d use three words to describe this operation : precise , overwhelming and effective. ” https : //t.co/g9Eti66f1k
Dana White : “ This operation does not represent a change in US policy nor an attempt to depose the Syrian regime. ” https : //t.co/FIFGP7CmnQ
Dana White : “ We are also extremely proud of the United States servicemembers who carried out this operation last night . They demonstrated unwavering courage and commitment in their defense of the American people and the values and ideals our nations represents. ” https : //t.co/DydvohpH5G
Dana White : “ Yesterday , United States forces , under the direction of President Trump , launched precision strikes against Assad-regime targets associated with the use of chemical weapons in Syria. ” https : //t.co/UpnnkIBLG2
Dana White : “ The use of chemical weapons anywhere in the world is an inexcusable violation of international law and the United States will not tolerate it. ” https : //t.co/zTfU5F31sU
Pentagon officials hold a press briefing to update the strikes on Syria https : //t.co/cuVq5hAcbY
. @ CLewandowski_ : “ The reason we ’ re in this situation with Assad is because Barack Obama drew a line in the sand which meant nothing. ” https : //t.co/rHxFam01Dk
. @ CLewandowski_ : “ I think the American people wake up today and people around the world wake up and thank the United States , Great Britain and France for standing up to a brutal dictator who is killing his own people with chemical weapons. ” https : //t.co/7x7vAcTjcQ
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about the military strike against the Assad regime in Syria https : //t.co/OGrk6jnxQI
. @ Scotttaylorva : @ realDonaldTrump “ drew a red line and he ’ s been very clear that we will not stand for this , the world won ’ t stand for it. ” https : //t.co/sTVW0QdHLM
. @ SebGorka : “ Last night was about our response , morally , to the atrocious weapons that are chemical weapons , but also , more importantly it ’ s a message to anybody who supports this kind of regime. ” https : //t.co/IZo64BsQ1M
. @ THEHermanCain : “ Don ’ t test this president , he is a real leader. ” https : //t.co/ZdUSloR3he
Last night , French President @ EmmanuelMacron tweeted about the military strike against the Assad regime in Syria https : //t.co/96ZJCRZEbW
. @ seanspicer : “ These strikes in particular , at these three sites , will… undermine the ability of Syria to either reconstitute , research or deploy chemical weapons further on its people. ” https : //t.co/aO25JxmEMv
Milos Forman , Oscar-winning director , dies at 86 https : //t.co/lZFBdNg1Bf
. @ SebGorka : `` [ @ POTUS ] made it clear in his speech , we can ’ t fix everything in the world , but this is a line that when you cross it , America has the capacity to respond and we will. ” https : //t.co/5nrheAvr5j
Syrian Strike Breakdown https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/iF2CSwuGg5
Putin declares US-led Syria strike an 'act of aggression ' https : //t.co/RGjjYXdbP3
Inside Syria , reactions to US strikes range from excitement to fear ( via @ holliesmckay ) https : //t.co/WeWah6yFqD
. @ Uncle_Jimbo : “ President Trump did the right thing , he answered… Assad , Putin and the Iranians in their disregard of his previous warning. ” https : //t.co/GfRynODJaO
. @ KenanRahmani : “ I want to thank the United States of America , the brave men and women who undertook this mission , and the President of the United States for standing up against this heinous war crime. ” https : //t.co/1D82goDxDr
. @ DrDarrinPorcher : “ These chemical weapons have no place on the battlefield. ” https : //t.co/LraPt2h7Pt
. @ jasoninthehouse : `` Ultimately , I think the President took a very calculated , measured strike ... The President sent a strong message , certainly different than Barack Obama who drew a red line and then did nothing . '' https : //t.co/qCA5l7OyWx
. @ jasoninthehouse on France , the U.K. and the U.S. working together on airstrikes in Syria : `` It is good to have that good strong coalition moving forward , it sends the right message. `` https : //t.co/3VfX1sXpBd
. @ lestermunson : `` There are real implications for the chaos in Syria . It is a direct threat to U.S. national interest , the U.S ca n't let others handle it . The U.S. has to be there to solve this problem . '' https : //t.co/gpI4IghFHC
Daniel Hoffman : “ The Syrians have killed a lot of civilians , a lot more civilians with conventional weapons than they have with chemical weapons. ” https : //t.co/Oo7Acho7WL
. @ theresa_may : “ There is no graver decision for a prime minister than to commit our forces to combat and this is the first time I have had to do so . '' https : //t.co/6ftOvuyVl3
. @ theresa_may : `` And while this action is specifically about deterring the Syrian Regime , it will also send a clear signal to anyone else who believes they can use chemical weapons with impunity . '' https : //t.co/xqAYDu5AiG
WATCH : @ POTUS deliver remarks regarding Syria , and his order to `` the United States Armed Forces to launch precision strikes on targets associated with the chemical weapons capabilities of Syrian dictator , Bashar al-Assad. ” https : //t.co/MGQQLysvgA
NEW VIDEO released by France ’ s Elysee Palace shows the launch of fighter jets involved in the airstrikes against targets in areas of Syria under the control of Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad . https : //t.co/sGUcBxtqLR https : //t.co/q1VgKQMN3I
Tune in to Fox News Channel NOW for special live coverage of the military strikes in Syria . https : //t.co/XyEkxR7VxH
. @ theresa_may : `` This collective action sends a clear message that the international community will not stand by and tolerate the use of chemical weapons . '' https : //t.co/wfLUoTShD4
Gen. Joseph Dunford : `` We chose these particular targets to mitigate the risk of civilian casualties . '' https : //t.co/HDi8MgZXvI https : //t.co/vFmdhfvK5o
. @ theresa_may on the airstikres in Syria : `` It was not about regime change . As I discussed with President Trump and President Macron it was a limited , targeted and effective strike with clear boundaries . '' https : //t.co/PFYpWHqzJg
. @ theresa_may on the airstrikes in Syria : `` This was not about interfering in a civil war . '' https : //t.co/ZA4ST8Tc60
Defense Secretary James Mattis : `` Right now we have no additional attacks planned . '' https : //t.co/HDi8Mhhyng https : //t.co/lkIpyyVvVW
. @ theresa_may on the airstrikes in Syria : `` While the full assessment of the strike is ongoing , we are confident of it 's success . '' https : //t.co/dKHr9dsXb7
Pro-Assad Syrians demonstrate in Damascus after US-led airstrikes https : //t.co/QosZssKsYG
. @ SebGorka : “ @ POTUS sent a very simple message : America is back . The world is dangerous without American leadership. ” https : //t.co/TyNYQM3wIj
NEW VIDEO released by France ’ s Elysee Palace shows the launch of fighter jets involved in the airstrikes against targets in areas of Syria under the control of Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad . https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/a97jcRGh8C
. @ SteveScalise praised President @ realDonaldTrump 's approval of military strikes in Syria against the country 's leader , Bashar al-Assad . https : //t.co/RiuXUcRC9c https : //t.co/cOnUDUrqlp
. @ SebGorka : “ Just listen to what @ POTUS said . He said very clearly we are not there to do some kind of intervention…We are there to make a stand against one of the most heinous forms of weapons known to man that are illegal . '' https : //t.co/dln8AkagRo
British PM @ theresa_may delivers a statement following the airstrikes in Syria . https : //t.co/fzajZbJ93A
Awaiting news conference with British Prime Minster @ theresa_may . https : //t.co/ZdQRrTYRIq
. @ VP issued a statement about the military strike against the Assad regime in Syria , saying the U.S. and allies `` will not tolerate the use of chemical weapons against men , women and children . '' https : //t.co/cg1ksTMgYM https : //t.co/tbAfmstCt8
Russian officials warn of 'consequences ' after US-led airstrikes on Syria https : //t.co/RGjjYWVAqt https : //t.co/Jhye7cIKs4
Gen. Joseph Dunford : `` We specifically identified these targets to mitigate the risk of Russian forces being involved '' https : //t.co/HDi8Mhhyng https : //t.co/B9hhBtchdl
US warships , B-1 bombers strike against Assad after suspected chemical attack https : //t.co/89N0xBTaeL https : //t.co/PHcUE6Gw4T
Largest Syrian-American group hails Trump after military action https : //t.co/nuVzcU3UlA
. @ POTUS : `` The purpose of our actions tonight is to establish a strong deterrent against the production , spread , and use of chemical weapons . Establishing this deterrent is a vital national security interest of the United States . '' https : //t.co/IEIM5jrxWu
Tune in to Fox News Channel NOW for special live coverage of the military strikes in Syria . https : //t.co/cxFCrtaxsJ
. @ michaelgwaltz : `` The Syrians are armed and particularly their military is largely aligned with Russia both tactically , doctrinally , and from an equipment stand point , but make no mistake Iran is equally to blame here . '' https : //t.co/HlJoXqycra
Russian officials warn of 'consequences ' after US-led airstrikes on Syria https : //t.co/RGjjYXdbP3
US warships , B-1 bombers strike against Assad after suspected chemical attack https : //t.co/89N0xCaL6j https : //t.co/SUWL4CVCBv
. @ johnrobertsFox : `` Statements by the President and the leaders of the U.K and France all saying it had come to the point where there was no other choice but to take military action . '' https : //t.co/sGUcBxbPUj https : //t.co/gghJDc1STm
. @ RepKinzinger : `` The reason ISIS exists , right now , is because of Bashar al-Assad 's brutality . Bashar al-Assad creates generations of terrorists . '' https : //t.co/bN789fcVkB
British PM @ theresa_may statement on Syria strikes : https : //t.co/8ybCdLvnsr https : //t.co/ZK2t91AK5S
Tune in to Fox News Channel NOW for special live coverage of the military strikes in Syria . https : //t.co/P5euRvBhJ6
US warships , B-1 bombers strike against Assad after suspected chemical attack https : //t.co/0NuCayceNs
Smoke blankets the sky during sunrise over the Syrian capital of Damascus after the U.S. launched military strikes . https : //t.co/ElcxjmnNyn
OPINION : # Trump orders Syria strikes : Will attacks lead to US war with Russia ? https : //t.co/Owmc1uC0jv
OPINION : 'Hit Assad hard , put smiles on the faces of all who lost children ' : A Syrian activist 's message for # Trump https : //t.co/rgu226aEi8
# Trump 's Syria action sparks mixed reaction from lawmakers https : //t.co/lS8UMLMOfG
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : Syria Chemical Attack :
—Russian Denials & amp ; Obstruction—
4/9 : No evidence of chemical attack
4/9 : Footage proves attack…
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : Chemical Weapons Attacks :
—Syria—
•US estimates Assad has used chemical weapons in Syrian war at least 50 times
—Rus…
. @ jasoninthehouse : “ I believe in the message of peace through strength . I think a strong United States of America , when you have a strong president who will actually do what he says , makes a difference , and makes the world more peaceful. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/q8pdkdqr7J
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : Gen. Joseph Dunford :
—Target Areas—
•Scientific research center near Damascus
•Chem weapons storage facility near Homs…
Michael Waltz , former Green Beret Commander : “ If Vladimir Putin wanted to stop this today , he could do so . So , @ POTUS is rightly calling the Russians out for this atrocity. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/zb8xggwY6r
Earlier , @ VP issued a statement about the military strike against the Assad regime in Syria , saying the U.S. and allies `` will not tolerate the use of chemical weapons against men , women and children . '' https : //t.co/HDi8MgZXvI https : //t.co/iSPfybvCV8
. @ jasoninthehouse : “ I think @ POTUS did a very strategic , limited type of hit tonight . I think it was called for . I think it was right. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/H1r5OJpGG9
A surface-to-air missile lights up the sky over Damascus , Syria as the U.S. launches a military strike . https : //t.co/b3iOOXNY2P
Dave Sears , former Navy Seal : “ What we ’ re very good at is tactical strikes , and executing things like this. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/o504STi22a
TUNE IN : `` Fox News at Night '' is live for two hours with special coverage on the military strikes in Syria .
. @ SebGorka : “ Just listen to what @ POTUS said . He said very clearly we are not there to do some kind of intervention…We are there to make a stand against one of the most heinous forms of weapons known to man that are illegal . '' https : //t.co/JvK2bpjrT6
Earlier , @ NancyPelosi released a statement on the military strikes in Syria . https : //t.co/JWN4IQQqs7 https : //t.co/uvwzsmRdJk
Moments ago , @ SteveScalise praised President @ realDonaldTrump 's approval of military strikes in Syria against the country 's leader , Bashar al-Assad . https : //t.co/JWN4IQQqs7 https : //t.co/dueWtgjvoM
Jim Hanson : “ @ POTUS delivered a warning , and Vladimir Putin , Assad , and the Iranians all ignored that warning . He delivered on the promise that he would retaliate if they did . He had to do that. ” https : //t.co/qshS5uIgZW
Gen. Joseph Dunford : “ We did not do any coordination with the Russians on the strikes , nor did we pre-notify them. ” https : //t.co/J5emcn2HUh
Defense Secretary James Mattis : “ Right now , we have no reports of losses. ” https : //t.co/cjV9wrPiCO
Gen. Joseph Dunford : `` We chose these particular targets to mitigate the risk of civilian casualties . '' https : //t.co/HDi8MgZXvI https : //t.co/YqMwYnkA6j
Defense Secretary James Mattis : “ Right now , this is a one-time shot , and I believe that it sent a very strong message to dissuade him , to deter him from doing this again . '' https : //t.co/Z1e4hjHNda
Defense Secretary James Mattis : `` Right now we have no additional attacks planned . '' https : //t.co/HDi8MgZXvI https : //t.co/QQjhyyvyzZ
General Joseph Dunford : “ The targets that were struck and destroyed were specifically associated with the Syrian regime ’ s chemical weapons program . We also selected targets that would minimize the risk to innocent civilians. ” https : //t.co/7kKNe4bs26
Defense Secretary James Mattis : “ Earlier today , @ POTUS directed the U.S. military to conduct operations in consonance with our allies to destroy the Syrian regime ’ s chemical weapons research development and production capabilities. ” https : //t.co/dyRqCUfrcS
Defense Secretary James Mattis : “ We , and our allies , find these atrocities inexcusable. ” https : //t.co/qVCP0gDzr7
TUNE IN : Pentagon officials speak on military strikes in Syria on Fox News Channel https : //t.co/04cK9Ehtd6
Pentagon officials speak on military strikes in Syria . https : //t.co/Yuk1OGAn25
Earlier , President @ realDonaldTrump announced that he has approved military strikes in Syria against the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . https : //t.co/HDi8MgZXvI https : //t.co/oWqPN9MMWX
Awaiting Pentagon Press Briefing on Syria https : //t.co/vorMZ2aXre
. @ SebGorka : “ @ POTUS sent a very simple message : America is back . The world is dangerous without American leadership. ” https : //t.co/WBagTLJ86M
WATCH : Moments ago , @ POTUS delivered remarks regarding Syria , and `` ordered the United States Armed Forces to launch precision strikes on targets associated with the chemical weapons capabilities of Syrian dictator , Bashar al-Assad. ” https : //t.co/vHFBXJkmZC https : //t.co/BGKTJRERDM
. @ marcthiessen : Why North Korea will be watching what Trump does in Syria https : //t.co/N3wj2eNlEe
BREAKING : Reports of explosions over Syrian capital as @ POTUS announces military strikes https : //t.co/vHFBXJkmZC
. @ POTUS : “ Tonight , I ask all Americans to say a prayer for our noble warriors and our allies as they carry out their missions . We pray that God will bring comfort to those suffering in Syria. ” https : //t.co/HKtFK59FYs
. @ POTUS : “ The United States will be a partner and a friend , but the fate of the region lies in the hands of its own people. ” https : //t.co/05Id2Lq5Bj
. @ POTUS : “ Assad ’ s recent attack and today ’ s response are the direct result of Russia ’ s failure to keep that promise . Russia must decide if it will continue down this dark path or if it will join with civilized nations as a force for stability and peace. ” https : //t.co/KZLH58FCvG
. @ POTUS : “ In 2013 , President Putin and his government promised the world that they would guarantee the elimination of Syria ’ s chemical weapons. ” https : //t.co/rP75HsXXj8
. @ POTUS : “ We are prepared to sustain this response until the Syrian regime stops its use of prohibited chemical agents. ” https : //t.co/ATLYmw7UMq
. @ POTUS : “ The combined American , British , and French response to these atrocities will integrate all instruments of our national power , military , economic , and diplomatic. ” https : //t.co/5J5Cw9HQGk
. @ POTUS : “ These are not the actions of a man ; they are crimes of a monster instead. ” https : //t.co/7Kw6RdcFGd
. @ POTUS : “ This massacre was a significant escalation in a pattern of chemical weapons use by that very terrible regime. ” https : //t.co/Z6kH32hwFp
. @ POTUS : “ A short time ago , I ordered the United States Armed Forces to launch precision strikes on targets associated with the chemical weapons capabilities of Syrian dictator , Bashar al-Assad. ” https : //t.co/HqVXV9ckD8
TUNE IN : @ POTUS is live with remarks on Syria on Fox News Channel https : //t.co/P9QIdqt9ww
. @ POTUS addresses the nation amid reports of Syria decision . https : //t.co/fCC0odo3XS
Awaiting President Trump 's Remarks on Syria https : //t.co/iOqg0uTnBM
Douglas Macgregor : `` If all we 're doing is expressing our righteous indignation at the alleged use of a chemical weapon , we 're kidding ourselves . There are no good guys on the ground in Syria . Any number of people could have done this . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/L1kuvq8bXk
Douglas Macgregor on military action in Syria : `` The Russians have made it very clear that if they are attacked , they will respond . And they have the capability to do that and can respond from Russia . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/CNeNa7zVrH
What 's in James Comey 's book ? 5 revelations from the fired FBI director 's memoir https : //t.co/xVVvkiLzbi
Wisconsin man suspected of being white supremacist killed after building ISIS-style explosives https : //t.co/l3dXFwNYfl
OPINION : America needs immigrants to be great https : //t.co/6ksAMCj8hC
. @ POTUS still mulling Syria strike ; Russia assails gas photos https : //t.co/SF0bCgw2m6
. @ AlanDersh on James Comey 's views : `` I do n't think they 're partisan views , they 're 'get even ' views . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/1oa2wElClG
. @ AlanDersh : `` There are pro-Trump people in the FBI , there are anti-Trump people . They all take an oath not to allow politics or personal views to get in the way of their job . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/FlOQAC9BJW
. @ AlanDersh on James Comey : `` This is a man who is revenge-driven . Who is prepared to leak through a law professor at @ Columbia . Who is prepared to disclose confidential conversations he had with the president-elect and @ POTUS . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/q0oNyQwapO
. @ AlanDersh on James Comey : `` We ought to be trusting law enforcement and nobody today would trust Comey with secrets or confidences . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/BS82R1fNkP
. @ KellyannePolls : Comey Is 'Disgruntled Ex-Employee , ' Comment About Trump Marriage 'Egregious ' https : //t.co/ncySqZjOiu
OPINION : Democrats are eager to impeach Trump . Here 's why their dream could backfire big time ( via @ lizpeek ) https : //t.co/SuDAkaOVPX
Police release video of run-in with Nasim Aghdam hours before she opened fire at YouTube https : //t.co/UWDv7M0Ahw
Video captured the terrifying moment an avalanche came crashing down a mountain in the French Alps . https : //t.co/VrQLNwsb8S https : //t.co/zx9Jx1ISpc
Retired U.S. Army Brigadier General Anthony Tata : “ We need to remember that Russia ’ s the master of disinformation and misinformation . They have an entire information operations military unit whose job it is to confuse people. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/vaz66TsnQU
. @ DevinNunes : “ We haven ’ t found any evidence of the # Trump campaign colluding with the Russians . We did find evidence of the Clinton campaign colluding with the Russians. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/87hpe5rkQU
. @ DevinNunes : “ This is a major , major deal . I think a lot of people don ’ t understand how big this is to allow someone to be searched like that…Whatever they have on Mr. Cohen , it better be something really , really big to take this unusual circumstance. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/selAdpZ72b
. @ DevinNunes : “ I just think it ’ s going to be impossible for the investigators to investigate themselves. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/EspVxlUw3M
. @ DevinNunes on @ Comey ’ s book : `` Now at least the excerpts of the book are out , and it appears like there is much in the book that comes from the memos. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/KiDLpJ0bS3
'It 's Sad ' : Rep. @ TGowdySC Hits Comey for 'Politicizing the FBI ' With Release of New Book https : //t.co/Tiz4GFE000
NOW on # TheStory on Fox News Channel : @ DevinNunes joins @ marthamaccallum to discuss @ TheJusticeDept inspector general 's report on ex-FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe https : //t.co/2sMVQlfhGG https : //t.co/l1Y9ftuiAd
MLB 's Bruce Maxwell , who knelt during anthem , pleads guilty to disorderly conduct after gun charge https : //t.co/9LaqXMwh5q
Before Trump pardoned Scooter Libby : A look back at presidential pardons https : //t.co/RQgbB6R9QZ
RT @ MikeEmanuelFox : Lawmakers renew calls for AUMF military force authorization for Syria-from # SpecialReport :

https : //t.co/wbvcauDsvP
David Catanese : `` We always were told the FBI is above politics . He 's basically admitting that no , the FBI does take politics into consideration , because we thought @ HillaryClinton was gon na win , so we did n't think this letter was gon na be that damaging . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/ADN6ubkiBw
OPINION : Comey book filled with unproven attacks on Trump , lofty praise for himself https : //t.co/fDZaUyHwN2
Woman declines to sing National Anthem at minor league game because she ca n't bring her gun https : //t.co/ISYBxzdd3B
. @ lizpeek : Democrats are eager to impeach Trump . Here 's why their dream could backfire big time https : //t.co/YASimyJHNA
'The Swamp Is Winning ' : @ GiannoCaldwell Blames Omnibus Bill for Slowing Down Federal Reform https : //t.co/FlljMwOcSl
. @ Jim_Jordan Rips McCabe 's 'Scheming ' : 'That 's What Troubles All of America ' https : //t.co/pNHzR3D81D
U.S. markets this week . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/VtAW6zj2rn
U.S. markets on Friday . # SpecialReport https : //t.co/v7UIKAM9Qv https : //t.co/Tm5UU7Pklo
. @ marcthiessen : Why North Korea will be watching what @ POTUS does in Syria https : //t.co/NHVIWioOnC
Jenna Dewan breaks Instagram silence after Channing Tatum split https : //t.co/jSn6iO8flm
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ MariaBaritromo shared the secret to her success in the industry with Wharton Magazine .
NYC tourist threatened at knifepoint for wearing @ realDonaldTrump hat , police say https : //t.co/ZAz5QsjBYk
Alleged sex cult leader Keith Raniere held without bail as he faces sex trafficking charges https : //t.co/jYZpQAmyJo
Driver of Hart family SUV was drunk , authorities say https : //t.co/KVRk7hzTGI
Country 's oldest WWII vet gets surprise ride on private jet ahead of 112th birthday https : //t.co/FBVROxuxSf
. @ kimguilfoyle on Comey : “ This is a man who was supposed to be the head of the FBI , leading the best and brightest. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/enFU2BTI5G
In a recent interview , actress Charlize Theron said the current political climate has made her consider leaving the U.S. to protect her adopted children . https : //t.co/RWHjYdBMY4 https : //t.co/eBbLQ1P1wu
. @ JesseBWatters on Comey : “ I think he ’ s really diminished the credibility of the FBI . He botched 2 investigations : the Hillary and the Trump investigation , and he ’ s now really muddying the waters with the Mueller investigation. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/0o1Q7KLYdZ
. @ NASA Tess spacecraft to prowl for planets as galactic scout https : //t.co/mqAKj1mZ58
SUNDAY on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/gSVOw5iUiY
BORDER WALL CONSTRUCTION : As part of President @ realDonaldTrump 's executive order , construction for a border wall replacement began this week . https : //t.co/2Yg9gPHL59
. @ Jim_Jordan on IG report on McCabe : `` Obviously there are big problems at the top levels of the FBI . And this report [ Friday ] just confirms what we already knew . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/hjE6dZCSoM
Michael Cohen under criminal investigation for personal business dealings as part of grand jury probe- via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/0ijkbEq90E
William LaJeunesse : `` The first wave of @ USNationalGuard has just reached the Arizona border [ Friday ] . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/fPyeHo6zq3
TONIGHT on # TheStory at 7pm ET : @ DevinNunes joins @ marthamaccallum to discuss @ TheJusticeDept inspector general 's report on ex-FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe https : //t.co/Yrf5O1Qs6M https : //t.co/71dIgiX3dV
Man found dead in cell after being named person of interest in woman 's 2000 disappearance https : //t.co/96G7EMyN6G
. @ PressSec rips media for propping up 'disgraced , partisan hack ' Comey , giving him 'platform ' https : //t.co/mBLpMraZtq
Arizona border patrol officials hold a news conference with Governor @ dougducey on their efforts to provide border security support with the @ NationalGuard . https : //t.co/PmOHfSI3TO
Charlize Theron Considers Leaving America : 'Racism Is Much More Alive and Well ' https : //t.co/mZnbIhXD7o
Boston Marathon 's first official female runner relives bombings : 'Running makes you fearless ' https : //t.co/0Zmfp8qx8w
. @ newtgingrich : @ Comey has written an anti- @ realDonaldTrump novel that will be amazingly discredited https : //t.co/9CCS65subS https : //t.co/FwxGcq1YNq
. @ Comey hints at damaging material involving ex-AG Lynch 'still unknown to the American public ' https : //t.co/gPMAPJ0Cv4
Fisherman gives C-section to dead shark , frees 98 pups into the ocean https : //t.co/5SSWIMtklu
. @ PressSec on James Comey : `` I think it 's very clear that Comey has a credibility problem . '' https : //t.co/o0f72Tz8sy https : //t.co/X0HCu7gVhv
. @ PressSec on Syria chemical attack : `` We have a very high confidence that Syria was responsible . '' https : //t.co/xpNHvwDRPH
. @ PressSec : `` One of [ @ POTUS ' ] greatest achievements will go down as firing James Comey . '' https : //t.co/u7JilPKjEx
. @ PressSec on Scooter Libby pardoning : `` Pardoning Libby was the right thing to do after the principal witness recanted her testimony . '' https : //t.co/pC9kmeo8Ps
. @ PressSec on James Comey 's book : `` The American people see through the blatant lies of a self-admitted leaker . '' https : //t.co/XTCr3Tqz56
BREAKING : @ SpeakerRyan endorses @ GOPLeader to be next House speaker https : //t.co/17LRsZwo6H
. @ PressSec holds a press briefing at The @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/LDOBFR5uzo
SUNDAY , 9pm ET : See 'The Trial of James Comey ' Ahead of His Tell-All Book https : //t.co/gz6HD42KI1
BREAKING : DOJ Inspector General releases explosive report that led to firing of ex-FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe https : //t.co/yKCrUNUlF5
. @ jonathanvswan : `` The Michael Cohen saga has always been something that 's concerned people close to @ realDonaldTrump . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/Ig4nlDmoph https : //t.co/g6OEYrZzds
. @ RCamposDuffy on CA Cities Fighting Sanctuary Law : 'This Is What Happens When You Lose Rule of Law ' https : //t.co/uILTeEGhO1
A.B . Stoddard on Scooter Libby pardoning : `` It makes the case that special counsels can run amok in trampling into extralegal territory and treating people unfairly . That is a theme that @ POTUS wants to hit . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/w881CHluBs https : //t.co/uoaY7t6DX1
, @ CoryGardner on Mike Pompeo : `` He has the military understanding , the diplomatic understanding certainly , the intelligence background through the CIA . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/toCkSGYb8L
. @ BernieSanders press secretary , @ CNN analyst @ SymoneDSanders detained at airport after outburst , report says https : //t.co/Go2sIO0y36
. @ CoryGardner on Syria : `` This is international law being violated again showing the dark edge of humanity by gas attacks on Syrian children and people by the regime . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/oKpbuZmOxa
The @ UN Security Council held an emergency meeting regarding action in Syria . @ JenGriffinFNC has the latest . # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/G3gYQaJQfi https : //t.co/J6ZAzknIm2
. @ TGowdySC : `` We need an apolitical @ FBI ... I ca n't think of anyone who 's done a better job of politicizing the FBI than [ @ Comey ] has in the last 36 to 48 hours . '' https : //t.co/EysYL15Xhl
. @ michellemalkin : Soros , 'Left-Wing Character Assassins ' Behind Efforts to Silence Conservatives https : //t.co/8a8nDb00DQ
Will Ferrell hospitalized after car crash in California https : //t.co/POK7eVIicJ
President @ realDonaldTrump rips @ Comey as 'untruthful slime ball , ' as former @ FBI director attacks president in new book https : //t.co/1tH0S3pj3F https : //t.co/GW8VIz96pt
NEWS ALERT : Awaiting @ WhiteHouse daily briefing . https : //t.co/phJsgXdoNJ
On @ foxandfriends , @ RealCandaceO slammed @ JoyVBehar for claiming President @ realDonaldTrump is more hostile than North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un or Russian President Vladimir Putin . https : //t.co/Whkp3AktpL https : //t.co/E40QSNoM8r
. @ RepLeeZeldin on Scooter Libby : `` [ @ POTUS ] views this case alone on its merits . '' https : //t.co/FQ4b9rEHzL
. @ POTUS weighing response to chemical weapons attack in Syria ; @ JenGriffinFNC reports . https : //t.co/SbHFhROA2O
BREAKING NEWS : President @ realDonaldTrump pardons former Cheney Chief of Staff Scooter Libby . # ScooterLibby https : //t.co/QKtZARM7ve https : //t.co/2bf7WWPiMm
BREAKING NEWS : @ POTUS pardons former Cheney Chief of Staff Scooter Libby . # ScooterLibby https : //t.co/5MnMXEWDOq
Number of job openings in the United States : 6.3 million . https : //t.co/2J6JnMjo76
. @ KellyannePolls : `` [ @ Comey ] sounds like a disgruntled ex-employee who after the fact wants to clear his conscience of what bothered him at the time . If you 're that bothered , quit . Leave the job . '' https : //t.co/qgD5FfKxJ6
'No Bombshells ' : Wallace Says Comey 's Book Does n't 'Change the Equation ' for Trump https : //t.co/A4tSTaxf9z
Dem Joe Manchin suffers biggest plummet in job approval of any senator : poll https : //t.co/kq7SCULO2Y
. @ GOPChairwoman slammed former @ FBI Director James @ Comey . https : //t.co/1tH0S37HF5 https : //t.co/6zn9lVuUMa
Earlier today , @ GovMikeHuckabee made light of James @ Comey 's likening of President @ realDonaldTrump to a `` mob boss . '' https : //t.co/DTeSNxGvXs https : //t.co/o2VgmW6EAe
Country 's oldest WWII vet gets surprise ride on private jet ahead of 112th birthday https : //t.co/Lnv97YzaLd
. @ BernieSanders press secretary , @ CNN analyst @ SymoneDSanders detained at airport after outburst , report says https : //t.co/Go2sIO0y36
Bernard McGuirk : `` The raid was just absolutely over the line . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/JX7L56mhAq
. @ RCamposDuffy : `` This whole investigation was started by a dirty dossier full of lies . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/4eaAc2GVxj
. @ KennedyNation : `` [ @ Comey ] was going to get fired either way no matter who won the election . '' # Outnumbered https : //t.co/MrMFf15zcS
Comey hints at damaging material involving ex-AG Lynch 'still unknown to the American public ' https : //t.co/520XP0cfPU
This morning , @ VP Mike Pence tweeted out an optimistic message as he set off for Peru to attend the Summit of the Americas . https : //t.co/jmfB6UNaHp
SUNDAY on @ NextRevFNC , @ SteveHiltonx puts James @ Comey on trial - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channel ! https : //t.co/Hd9WS8oNc0
Will Ferrell hospitalized after car crash in California https : //t.co/x0s9EaRIt9
. @ kayleighmcenany : `` Clinton should 've been charged . There 's no doubt about that . She violated the Espionage Act . '' https : //t.co/PKmUnyhB0B
. @ kayleighmcenany : `` The fact is Democrats have admitted James @ Comey is not credible . '' https : //t.co/jQCGVU7VGU
. @ newtgingrich : @ Comey has written an anti- @ realDonaldTrump novel that will be amazingly discredited https : //t.co/9CCS65subS https : //t.co/iNf2NE98M5
. @ RepDougCollins : `` Mr. Comey wants to write a book , make a million dollars , that 's fine . But Mr. Comey , history will judge you , not your words on a piece of paper . https : //t.co/RSAPN8Q7pk
A senior aviculturist watches as two juvenile African penguins swim in the penguin habitat at the National Aviary in Pittsburgh . https : //t.co/AoLKn00khs
Hollywood sex symbol Jane Russell was a 'God-fearing ' conservative https : //t.co/iPE8QFPr1C
Futuristic , new @ USNavy SEAL boat dubbed 'Batmobile ' https : //t.co/uM6dxF4sSi
. @ jmfreespeech on # ScooterLibby pardon : `` I think it 's long overdue . '' https : //t.co/0ZdP2c42sm https : //t.co/BUqUSrmE50
Chris Wallace : `` It seems to me that the real story in this book is that there 's no new hard evidence of any crime , of anything illegal , and it does n't really change the equation on President Trump . '' https : //t.co/EsDNqc9Rle
. @ RepSeanDuffy : `` Think of the last years of @ BarackObama where you did n't have opportunity to go out and get a new job ... In this economy , you can pack up and go down the street and get a different and better job . '' https : //t.co/qj4s3qsRpy
INSPIRING : A father was brought to tears after his 5-year-old boy with cerebral palsy memorized and recited the Pledge of Allegiance . https : //t.co/uiXhugA7ED # ProudAmerican https : //t.co/JvB6uH6Biw
911 dispatcher who answered call from boy crushed by minivan seat complained about job days before incident https : //t.co/qIfZ96u5xW
News Alert : Awaiting federal hearing on FBI raids targeting President @ realDonaldTrump 's personal attorney . https : //t.co/bk6jy7b83X
Ambassador @ nikkihaley makes remarks at a @ UN Security Council meeting . https : //t.co/Z1txGgLugK
“ As a mother of two children , as a wife of a combat veteran , I am unbelievably proud of how President Trump has looked at the information. ” – @ nikkihaley makes remarks on Syria before UNSC meeting https : //t.co/WSQfj4vEd6
“ At some point , you have to do something . At some point , you have to say ‘ enough. ’ ” – @ nikkihaley makes remarks on Syria before UNSC meeting https : //t.co/BT9l8pJCpt
On @ foxandfriends , @ RealCandaceO slammed @ JoyVBehar for claiming President @ realDonaldTrump is more hostile than North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un or Russian President Vladimir Putin . https : //t.co/Whkp3AktpL https : //t.co/5HkxF6OwH4
. @ POTUS Blasts Comey Ahead of First Interview : 'It Was My Great Honor to Fire Him ' https : //t.co/jMVKYnIVB2
Green-haired turtle added to endangered species list https : //t.co/OhILsyKPsR
. @ TGowdySC : `` We need an apolitical @ FBI ... I ca n't think of anyone who 's done a better job of politicizing the FBI than [ @ Comey ] has in the last 36 to 48 hours . '' https : //t.co/YF4uSMzj42
President @ realDonaldTrump rips @ Comey as 'untruthful slime ball , ' as former @ FBI director attacks president in new book https : //t.co/1tH0S3pj3F https : //t.co/dDQG883ALH
Boy , 16 , dies after being crushed by minivan seat in school parking lot despite 2 calls to 911 https : //t.co/gnW60uoFK9
News Alert : Sources confirm to Fox News that @ POTUS will pardon Scooter Libby . https : //t.co/SorlS1Rx4j
Retro ride : Firebird Trans Am Super Duty 455 returns with 1,100 hp https : //t.co/KQBC438G00
Moments ago , @ VP Mike Pence took off for Peru . https : //t.co/8XFZSwNCx2
. @ SteveHiltonx : `` A lot of people knew before these interviews that in their view @ Comey is a bit of a pompous , sanctimonious narcissist . '' https : //t.co/7edD4HzJgH
. @ GeraldoRivera : `` That raid on Michael Cohen 's office the other day was absolutely unnecessary . '' https : //t.co/phBGw94Ekg
RT @ FoxBusiness : Trump creates task force to examine US Postal Service https : //t.co/zebTafWGfh
Moments ago , President @ realDonaldTrump made clear in a series of tweets that he is no fan of former @ FBI Director James @ Comey . https : //t.co/5JAQjSfZAh
. @ RealCandaceO : `` @ JoyVBehar , I mean , she really has over time become unhinged . '' https : //t.co/DYlD9xjRIu https : //t.co/qooTBaYEcz
. @ ABC News star @ JoyVBehar says Kim Jong Un , Putin have more 'sanity ' than President @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/DYlD9x2gQW https : //t.co/HnTjq3bZJM
. @ SenJohnBarrasso : `` Some of these Democrats are trying to out-liberal each other as they 're actually trying to position themselves to run for President . '' https : //t.co/vPw1Ntgs6X
. @ KellyannePolls : `` [ @ Comey ] sounds like a disgruntled ex-employee who after the fact wants to clear his conscience of what bothered him at the time . If you 're that bothered , quit . Leave the job . '' https : //t.co/sGog99STqC
. @ cvpayne : `` This sort of spirit - this sort of American can-do-ism - I think really is coming back big time . '' https : //t.co/O5PfKzVHoq
. @ KellyannePolls : `` This is President Donald Trump - and as Jim @ Comey found out , the President makes his own decisions and he has a right to . '' https : //t.co/BuxPwphFPK
Sheriff linked to Sandy Hook conspiracy theory apologizes for leaked racy photo https : //t.co/ig5sputIq2
. @ KellyannePolls : `` [ @ Comey ] sounds like a disgruntled ex-employee who after the fact wants to clear his conscience of what bothered him at the time . If you 're that bothered , quit . Leave the job . '' https : //t.co/UQ186U5H7M
. @ KellyannePolls : `` Syria must allow international cooperation ... Assad has been terrible to his people . '' https : //t.co/sDrPnFtJMS
. @ KellyannePolls : `` @ POTUS has said he will hold responsible Syria , Iran , Russia , anybody who 's causing trouble in that area that leads to the death and destruction of innocent civilians . '' https : //t.co/RgC1a7qOyU
Comey attacks Trump 's integrity , questions his marriage in new book https : //t.co/5G2MurCiRJ
Number of job openings in the United States : 6.3 million . https : //t.co/mt8YIGCbti
. @ RCamposDuffy : `` Obama was enamored with the European model . He was turning America into that European model . Our economy was looking like that . There were lots of regulations . There were not a lot of job opportunities . '' https : //t.co/poVJsw0AuA
ACLU sues on behalf of atheist who opposed 'In God We Trust ' display https : //t.co/0VhCrZ6xlf
Stranger on plane adopts struggling woman 's baby after 'chance encounter ' https : //t.co/do2q1IzJzY
Julie Andrews ' granddaughter said star 'was very strict ' but fiercely guarded her family https : //t.co/9ExNFbFDbJ
OPINION : Marc Thiessen : Why North Korea will be watching what Trump does in Syria https : //t.co/At0qJO5hOr
. @ JaniceDean gives an update on the weather on @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/y5iwx32IfE
Oklahoma educators end walkout after winning raise @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/tPI1l4YU0V
President @ realDonaldTrump tweeted about the Trans-Pacific Partnership on Thursday . https : //t.co/OFEB1Fdlh8 https : //t.co/F5d8rZYfA5
. @ VP Mike Pence heads to Peru ; @ IvankaTrump to announce @ WhiteHouse initiative at summit @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/1PKqzl1qn0
. @ POTUS touts success of tax cuts for families @ FoxFriendsFirst https : //t.co/rfbqwElmhB
Jockey mistakes 15-foot python for 'big crack ' on horse racetrack https : //t.co/C6tmZJ7wJI
Exclusive : Trump 's new presidential limousine with Secret Service set to transport president this summer https : //t.co/9cqZS0W8dE
OPINION : Andrew Tisch , Mary Skafidas : America needs immigrants to be great ( via @ FoxNewsOpinion ) https : //t.co/I8i7hLCQiw
3 More California Cities Vote to Opt Out of State 's Sanctuary Law https : //t.co/DaohVtPoJi
Country 's oldest WWII vet gets surprise ride on private jet ahead of 112th birthday https : //t.co/Ep2yJONfzy
. @ newtgingrich : Giving Mueller This Much Power 'Is a Threat to Every American ' https : //t.co/dACqvHtvP0
Florida grandmother makes over 75,000 dinners for the homeless : it 's 'God 's purpose ' https : //t.co/WDL4GnCCtB
On `` America 's Newsroom , '' @ AlanDersh slammed the @ ACLU , saying , `` I used to be on its national board when it was actually a civil liberties organization , not a political Get-Trump organization . '' https : //t.co/uCGRinM2ka https : //t.co/DkU1jIA1Cj
New clothes can harbor fecal bacteria , expert says https : //t.co/K8LfwWVyKW
White House legal team denies report that Trump is considering nixing Mueller interview https : //t.co/pJGNgEG3zk
China engaged in massive theft of US technology , analysts reveal https : //t.co/E4upUQ0GT4
. @ POTUS reportedly plans to pardon Scooter Libby https : //t.co/59rlkV7LwY
Syrian man stranded at airport for over a month https : //t.co/Unc3O7MjyA
Comey attacks Trump 's integrity , questions his marriage in new book https : //t.co/BCbj5TlASD
Newborn , with umbilical cord still attached , found alive in baby box at volunteer fire station https : //t.co/yuLxLPSOA4
. @ GovMikeHuckabee : “ [ The media ] are never going to tell the things that you just outlined in terms of the accomplishment because it defies their narrative that he ’ s not a capable and competent president , but the record shows that he is. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/Y7kQuJMhPA
ABC News star Joy Behar says Kim Jong Un , Putin have more 'sanity ' than Trump https : //t.co/FhNkSDN30x
. @ CoryBooker : `` You do not believe it 's appropriate for two gay people to marry ? ''

Mike Pompeo : `` Senator , I continue to hold that view . '' https : //t.co/BwVjuv45HW
Joe diGenova on Rod Rosenstein : `` He is a witness in this case , he can not be supervising Robert Mueller , and guess what ? He is n't . He 's letting Mueller do whatever Mueller wants to do . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/uJWOq2YIz5
J Christian Adams , former @ TheJusticeDept attorney : “ The attorney-client privilege…is supposed to be treasured and special and almost sacrosanct in this country. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/S435zR7XCD
California dad decked man who allegedly tried to kidnap his daughter , 3 , report says https : //t.co/g6Zy0NP7FZ
On `` America 's Newsroom , '' @ AlanDersh slammed the @ ACLU , saying , `` I used to be on its national board when it was actually a civil liberties organization , not a political 'Get-Trump ' organization . '' https : //t.co/uCGRio3DIK https : //t.co/3a0EGD6NcH
OPINION : Hey America , we can all have different opinions without demeaning and dehumanizing one another https : //t.co/JI4kC6o66X
. @ POTUS : `` Every time you see me hit , you know that I 'm draining the swamp . '' https : //t.co/pYnpCTc7sm
. @ newtgingrich : `` James @ Comey is a bitter , fired employee who has a long record of aggrandizement ... He colluded with @ chuckschumer 's staff in 2007 to embarrass President Bush when he was an appointee of President Bush . '' https : //t.co/q8fL0wJQCX
In a presidential proclamation , President @ realDonaldTrump declared April 12 through April 19 , 2018 as the Days of Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust . # HolocaustRemembranceDay https : //t.co/r8BvXSGjmX https : //t.co/HCJVfIzouw
. @ POTUS reportedly plans to pardon Scooter Libby https : //t.co/59rlkUQa8o
Boy , 16 , dies after being crushed by minivan in school parking lot despite 2 calls to 911 https : //t.co/RnKYvSPZDu
People exit their cars on a highway and observe two minutes of silence as a siren wailed across Israel on Thursday for the country 's annual Holocaust Remembrance Day . https : //t.co/5RKD3KPHco https : //t.co/2eVmt3cXEP
. @ Jim_Jordan : “ Mr . Rosenstein has to improve the way we get the information that we ’ re entitled to. ” @ foxnewsnight https : //t.co/VHoWQCReqP
. @ newtgingrich : Giving Mueller This Much Power 'Is a Threat to Every American ' https : //t.co/dACqvHtvP0
Google phone app to send spam calls straight to voicemail https : //t.co/IYL5hSeJPt
Dramatic video shows avalanche frightening road crew in France https : //t.co/tSJikEdt99
Mom 's obituary helps cops track down man on the run for nearly 40 years https : //t.co/slL1TYZFzX
https : //t.co/pqEhmLhD8g , CEO plead guilty in California , Texas and Arizona https : //t.co/8KPloDxx7x
. @ RepDeSantis on immigration : `` We have asylum laws that people know what to say to claim asylum . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/CMSh8nGiQl
. @ Reince on @ SpeakerRyan retiring : `` [ Paul Ryan ] had a lot of enjoyment working with President @ realDonaldTrump ] . This whole theory that he did n't like @ POTUS , it 's just not true . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/hDzc1MmhXx
Massachusetts cop fatally shot while serving warrant ; suspect in custody https : //t.co/gGHhZCKML9
. @ AriFleischer : `` Bob Mueller is not James Comey . What James Comey shows is that prosecutors who have bad judgement will make mistakes and not everybody is perfect at the DOJ or the FBI . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/bJlnnZnluw
. @ khloekardashian forgives Tristan Thompson for cheating , report says https : //t.co/CqycwGftXw
. @ AriFleischer on Comey 's new book : `` How can he work for somebody he considers unethical ? And he does work for @ POTUS . He is the FBI director , one of the most important and powerful positions in government that answers to the president . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/GiKL9qQeI6
Arnold @ Schwarzenegger , post-heart surgery , says he feels 'much better ' https : //t.co/dFxsmNDX1B
Solomon Wisenberg : `` The charter said that Mueller could look at anything in the investigation that James Comey announced when he testified before Congress . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/g0THOAQriO
Joe diGenova on Mueller investigation : `` This is n't about integrity or anything else . It 's about doing your job . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/BV4DHaI3Zw
Joe diGenova on Rod Rosenstein : `` He is a witness in this case , he can not be supervising Robert Mueller , and guess what ? He is n't . He 's letting Mueller do whatever Mueller wants to do . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/D73FPW21pv
Joe diGenova on Mueller probe : `` This is about gathering information for impeachment . It 's not about information for criminal cases . '' @ IngrahamAngle https : //t.co/QGIUTWOk3t
China engaged in massive theft of US technology , analysts reveal https : //t.co/6yvnHIhqpn
Ben Shapiro Takes on Penn State Students ' Push to Defund Conservative 'Hate Groups ' https : //t.co/agk4Sdxium
Break Up California Into 3 Smaller States , Billionaire Urges https : //t.co/LPnFPF76Cq
. @ AlanDersh : `` Shame on the @ ACLU . I used to be on its national board when it was actually a civil liberties organization , not a political 'Get-Trump ' organization . '' https : //t.co/pk4He7NF7v
. @ GovMikeHuckabee : “ [ The media ] are never going to tell the things that you just outlined in terms of the accomplishment because it defies their narrative that he ’ s not a capable and competent president , but the record shows that he is. ” # Hannity https : //t.co/Heb3vrDA16
ABC News star Joy Behar says Kim Jong Un , Putin have more 'sanity ' than Trump https : //t.co/a8PgG6r3p8
Walmart close to buying its biggest online business ever ( via @ FoxBusiness ) https : //t.co/5HTl1FmZub
. @ Kaepernick7 snubbed by @ Seahawks after refusing to stop national anthem protests : report https : //t.co/taQBfKMHiR
. @ TuckerCarlson Warns of 'Ominous ' Trend : Corporate Power Becoming the Same as Political Power https : //t.co/99XB2nMONi https : //t.co/mpaq137nNi
Notorious Mexican drug lord who murdered DEA agent in 1985 is added to FBI 10 most wanted fugitives list https : //t.co/Qf9BSz6gce
Newborn , with umbilical cord still attached , found alive in baby box at volunteer fire station https : //t.co/DfXw9BYFfg
Tim Draper on splitting California : `` The education system is just about the worst in all 50 states and it 's the biggest state . So it really does need sort of a revamp and a restart and I think this is a good start to doing that . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/YfqwTJsJWO
Tim Draper on dividing California : `` I think that these three new states are going to empower people to realize what 's possible in government . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/tAOfAqySdH
Antjuan Seawright on corporations taking a stance on guns : `` This is not about the Left or the Right . This is about common sense gun reform measures . '' # Tucker https : //t.co/VJI9IlAVt2
White House legal team denies report that Trump is considering nixing Mueller interview https : //t.co/S0b52jb67J
. @ newtgingrich : Giving Mueller This Much Power 'Is a Threat to Every American ' https : //t.co/mpt8QAvmJs
3 More California Cities Vote to Opt Out of State 's Sanctuary Law https : //t.co/DaohVtPoJi
Heather Locklear pleads not guilty to battery on an officer after domestic violence call https : //t.co/JK8gLqtf5H
Doris Day opens up about leaving Hollywood , losing her only son https : //t.co/DMX959mU2v
Former 'Jerry Springer ' producer charged with murdering her sister https : //t.co/94lAmgYJ8g
Comey attacks Trump 's integrity , questions his marriage in new book https : //t.co/BCbj5TDchd
Massachusetts cop serving warrant is shot , killed , reports say https : //t.co/EB0Zcj21Rl
Florida grandmother makes over 75,000 dinners for the homeless : it 's 'God 's purpose ' https : //t.co/WDL4Gnl1C3
. @ RepPeteKing on Mike Pompeo confirmation : “ He ’ s able , he ’ s smart , he ’ s tough , and these are dangerous times. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/wcSiMsdBe0
Downed tree in Puerto Rico knocks out power to almost a million customers https : //t.co/6OkCfZqMSO
J Christian Adams , former @ TheJusticeDept attorney : “ The attorney-client privilege…is supposed to be treasured and special and almost sacrosanct in this country. ” # TheStory https : //t.co/sdIAMUkSCW
Steve Hayes : `` We have not wiped out ISIS and I 'm worried the [ Trump ] administration is making the same kinds of mistakes , giving the false sense of security to the American people that the Obama administration made on both ISIS and Al Qaeda . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/JOBkCG6LII
RT @ MikeEmanuelFox : Congress works on a balanced budget amendment - from # SpecialReport :

https : //t.co/vQW6kjYcGr
Charles Hurt on Syria strategy : `` [ @ realDonaldTrump ] got elected on a lot of promises to disengage from things like [ military action ] and I think it 's a real problem for him in terms of people that support him . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/qIVMmbPLAi
North Carolina father-daughter couple and infant child all killed , officials say https : //t.co/MwL7RnVHWv
. @ GeraldoRivera : 'Firing Mueller Would Be Like Scratching a Rash ' https : //t.co/zXQfGncnnS
. @ RepAndyBiggsAZ : America , the proposed balanced budget amendment is a nasty , cynical attempt to deceive you https : //t.co/dAHvJ6U3A7
Boy , 16 , dies after being crushed by minivan in school parking lot despite 2 calls to 911 https : //t.co/W1TzEd2mXa
Comey worried DOJ would 'screw around ' with deciding whether to prosecute Hillary Clinton https : //t.co/05cqfAz8VA
Mac Thornberry on Syria : `` What we want to do with our international partners is send a clear message ... that this is beyond the realm of what humanity can tolerate , to kill innocent people with these horrible weapons that were outlawed nearly 100 years ago . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/oxaX08WFUg
Mac Thornberry on Syria : `` The U.S. is not going to fix all of the problems in Syria and we do not want to get involved in the Syrian civil war . '' # SpecialReport https : //t.co/BuKS2eTccf
Comey attacks Trump 's integrity , questions his marriage in new book https : //t.co/ib8tJV4kEs
On `` The View , '' co-host Whoopi Goldberg said it would be `` fun to watch '' riots break out in Washington if President @ realDonaldTrump fired Special Counsel Robert Mueller . https : //t.co/UUj9kCKGXr https : //t.co/ApKBRb4LYx
House fails to pass constitutional balanced budget amendment - via @ brookefoxnews @ ChadPergram
https : //t.co/N0Qu1X5Uhi
The Hollywood Reporter names 2018 's most powerful people in New York media https : //t.co/5sRienAAQd
Post-WWII military shell reeled in by surprised Massachusetts fishermen https : //t.co/e33vgKrE1T
. @ kimguilfoyle on potential cannabis legalization : “ I have seen people who have benefited from it . I would never deprive someone who is suffering if that would actually help. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/IhRLvb89du
. @ GeraldoRivera : “ I think that firing Mueller would be like scratching a rash. ” # TheFive https : //t.co/CIenMeiNrz
. @ Kaepernick7 snubbed by @ Seahawks after refusing to stop national anthem protests : report https : //t.co/taQBfKMHiR
What is the TPP trade deal ? https : //t.co/7tqr9j6eRu
OPINION : Hey America , we can all have different opinions without demeaning and dehumanizing one another https : //t.co/JI4kC6FHvx
Whoopi Goldberg : Riots Over # Trump Firing Mueller 'Would Be Fun to Watch ' https : //t.co/6n2ng6cPVq
Houston preps for hurricane season but ca n't handle record rainfall again https : //t.co/mCnNpOyo3R
. @ DiamondandSilk on Facebook censorship : `` We also understand that Mark Zuckerberg , he obtained the American dream . And Diamond and Silk , that 's all we 're trying to do is obtain the American dream . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/k8QLdqIIII
. @ DiamondandSilk on @ Facebook censorship : `` They reached out via Twitter . We saw it this morning when we woke up ... We 've been in interviews all day but we will be reaching back out to them . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/IrkjkM40dw
. @ repcleaver on Syria : `` We 've got to be very strategic and I think @ POTUS has got to rely heavily on the military and on the civilian leadership ... We need to respond . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/jjVsbE6dks
MOMENTS AGO : Gen. Dunford , Defense Sec . Mattis leave the White House after meeting on possible action in Syria . https : //t.co/IsC5EcumHV https : //t.co/zLWs4DwLCp
Off-duty Maryland firefighter risks life to save man from jumping off bridge : 'Rescue mode kicked in ' https : //t.co/SyAIQU0XIy
California cities fighting the sanctuary state law . @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/pcQMdnhS0G https : //t.co/eEAsTIVsB8
RT @ FoxBusiness : AT THE CLOSE : Stocks posted strong gains Thursday , closing in the green for the third time this week , on news that @ POTUS…
. @ RandPaul : `` I frankly think Pompeo does n't believe the Iraq war was a mistake ... [ @ POTUS ] really since 2012 has been adamant that we 've stayed too long , that we 've been building roads for people who hate us over there . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/fTWoczRUsq
House to vote on balanced budget amendment - via @ brookefoxnews @ ChadPergram
https : //t.co/Tlanw5TVYQ
. @ RandPaul on the economy : `` The markets are reacting to a lot of things . Foreign policy is one , I think the threat of a trade war is another . Massive chronic deficit spending is another . '' @ TeamCavuto https : //t.co/iKNZGYfLrb
. @ SteveScalise : `` There are a lot of people that just gave up looking for work because the economy was so bad for 8 years under @ BarackObama . We want to get millions of people who gave up looking for work to get back into the work force . '' https : //t.co/lhlPJdID6i
Sunrise meets the aurora lights over the southern hemisphere , as seen from the International Space Station . https : //t.co/nQebaslUnz
NASCAR champ Tony Stewart settles wrongful death lawsuit with Kevin Ward 's family https : //t.co/cPnsFGANJH
RT @ FoxBusiness : California DMV allows illegals to vote : GOP chairman https : //t.co/2qcek61T1p
On `` America 's Newsroom , '' @ AlanDersh slammed the @ ACLU , saying , `` I used to be on its national board when it was actually a civil liberties organization , not a political Get-Trump organization . '' https : //t.co/uCGRinM2ka https : //t.co/0m74H62o3f
. @ cvpayne : `` For @ CoryBooker to bring up debt after the last administration only layered on about $ 10 trillion to the debt pile - the whole thing is disingenuous . '' https : //t.co/EyUnymvu5r
CT Gov . Candidate Arrested After Being Dragged Off Debate Stage https : //t.co/GXCPN87klg
Virginia student claims she was told to take down pro-gun video off Facebook by school https : //t.co/BeMGLEk6FT
Trailer filled with nearly 3,000 dead chickens abandoned in Arkansas neighborhood https : //t.co/A17NAetgcm
California dad decked man who allegedly tried to kidnap his daughter , 3 , report says https : //t.co/wxS8Hjz63d https : //t.co/AlyVbp494g
Former Vice President @ algore made clear he opposes Mike Pompeo 's nomination for Secretary of State , citing Pompeo 's stance on climate change as a deal-breaker . https : //t.co/MM1C3E8JXt https : //t.co/viZ0yGUG7V
. @ GOPLeader : `` What means most to me is that in the next Congress there is an opportunity for a Republican to be Speaker and not @ NancyPelosi . '' https : //t.co/XAGL6NMcrj
'It 's Disputed by Our Founding Fathers ' : @ RandPaul Challenges Pompeo on Syria , Military Deployments https : //t.co/FrGN9koTxj https : //t.co/C2MYu4gPts
Steven Law on Virginia Senate race : `` We think [ Rick Scott 's ] entry into the race turns that from kind of a 'nothingburger ' race into probably one of our top prospects for a pick up . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/H4sRPsVuU0
Poll : Senate control preference . https : //t.co/I8N3fwfI8i
Mary Anne Marsh : `` Make no mistake about it , the Democrats are gon na win the House back , and @ NancyPelosi will be speaker . She is the most underestimated politician on Capitol Hill . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/5c9XoFSTSx
Mary Anne Marsh : `` @ SpeakerRyan has been a weakened speaker ever since @ realDonaldTrump got into the White House . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/qhuw9Rtbpe
Terry Holt on who will replace @ SpeakerRyan : `` I think it depends a great deal on who the candidate for speaker will be . If prospects look good for Republicans in the fall , then I think there might be more competition for the job . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/ZDKpunaxim
. @ TomFitton : `` This is a deep state obstruction and it 's shameful that this Justice Dept . and this @ FBI only turned over this document after being threatened with contempt . '' # OutnumberedOT https : //t.co/9rlvjC8mfy
. @ AlanDersh : `` Shame on the @ ACLU . I used to be on its national board when it was actually a civil liberties organization , not a political Get-Trump organization . '' https : //t.co/vVA7Iw4PK6
Earlier , @ VP Mike Pence commemorated # HolocaustRemembranceDay . https : //t.co/r8BvXSoHYn https : //t.co/ajVhYeoyJU
. @ LindseyGrahamSC on military action in Syria : `` [ @ POTUS ] has all the authority he needs as commander in chief and if the Congress does n't like this military action , you can defund it , but you ca n't have 535 commander in chiefs . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/LLmzgCPYEt
. @ LindseyGrahamSC : `` We need to be involved in what happens to Syria , not turn it over to the Russians , Iranians or Turkey . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/8NNoRTrLep
. @ gen_jackkeane on Syria : `` What 's going on now with @ POTUS and his national security team is they 're deciding on two things ... The scope of the response by the U.S. and our coalition partners ... And number two : the timing of it . '' # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/HOV197SwO8
Trump directs top economic advisers to negotiate rejoining Trans-Pacific Partnership - via @ brookefoxnews
https : //t.co/7QZTHxZJWs
Mike Pompeo 's confirmation hearing is underway . @ RichEdsonDC has the latest . # DailyBriefing https : //t.co/AjoMhmw3QA https : //t.co/iX6dMCAgWD
. @ POTUS : `` I wanted all of you to be the first to hear it - according to the latest survey by the @ ShopFloorNAM , projected job growth for American manufacturing has just reached a new all-time high . '' https : //t.co/eJ864iUMqq
. @ POTUS : `` Every time you see me hit , you know that I 'm draining the swamp . '' https : //t.co/ndjzXcfVqY
. @ POTUS : `` We will take care of our environment . '' https : //t.co/ZVHIat69DC
. @ POTUS : `` Today I will sign a presidential memorandum directing the @ EPA to cut even more red tape on our manufacturers . '' https : //t.co/S3Nokq6uul
. @ POTUS : `` I wanted all of you to be the first to hear it - according to the latest survey by the @ ShopFloorNAM , projected job growth for American manufacturing has just reached a new all-time high . '' https : //t.co/ZBySniyeY8
Today , @ realDonaldTrump welcomed veterans from the @ wwp to the White House and told Dan ’ s inspirational story . https : //t.co/dFsjKgQ69g
RT @ nikkihaley : Congratulations to our new Secretary of State and my dear friend , Mike Pompeo . # USStrong 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/TTWWiAz1gm
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Happy birthday , @ FLOTUS ! https : //t.co/jWXV9OlB21
Why are YOU a Republican ? Tell your story here : https : //t.co/NB2oqHSZe9 https : //t.co/RHXV65vvVj
RT @ SecretaryZinke : Honor . Service . Sacrifice . Our nation ’ s Wounded Warriors at the WH to kickoff # SoldierRide with @ POTUS @ wwp https : //t.c…
RT to welcome our new Secretary of State , Mike Pompeo ! https : //t.co/zVtWOmHyFC
RT @ IvankaTrump : Excited to celebrate our amazing athletes tonight at the # TeamUSA Awards . @ TeamUSA inspires us all – they embody the talen…
Maybe James Comey can answer these 5 questions at his next book tour stop .
https : //t.co/90krPHTQCm
It ’ s past time for the Senate to vote to confirm Mike Pompeo to be our next Secretary of State .
. @ VP : The administration has eliminated 22 federal regulations for every new one we ’ ve issued… the president has signed more laws slashing federal red tape than any president in history .
The story of how President George H.W . Bush and a young entrepreneur with Down syndrome came together to honor First Lady Barbara Bush .
https : //t.co/SH0pDsYaxz
“ Long live the friendship between the United States and France ! ” https : //t.co/iS1ytWGc41
Get your own here : https : //t.co/9ehAdqqJjb 🔥 https : //t.co/XxB0Px3JbP
✅Over $ 170 million raised this cycle
✅Early investments in more than 2 dozen target states
✅Strong data operation & amp ; billions of voter contacts made
We ’ re ready to defy history and # LeadRight 💪
RT @ realDonaldTrump : . @ FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @ EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte . Every detail was…
“ This political game of blocking appointments is dangerous… It is time for us to work together , across party lines , to confirm the man who is uniquely qualified to be the next secretary of state . ”
https : //t.co/EeFrsB1l0p
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Congratulations to @ DebbieLesko on her victory ! Tonight , voters rejected Democrat obstructionism and voted to see the co…
`` The bottom line is that Comey is a consummate Washington insider , and his misconduct is now in full view . ”
https : //t.co/M9C1K4Cge2
RT @ HouseGOP : . @ NancyPelosi said it 's `` B.S . '' if anyone says the bill is helping the middle class .

Student : My parents , both small business…
Americans see through the stunt . It ’ s time for Democrats to move on .
https : //t.co/eN7l77s3jH
LESS regulation means MORE economic growth
https : //t.co/5TpjnCgeJe
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS Trump : We want to thank President @ EmmanuelMacron for # France ’ s vital contribution to our very successful campaign a…
When it comes to Mike Pompeo ’ s confirmation , it ’ s time for Democrats to put patriotism over partisanship .
https : //t.co/EgzYoXc61K
President @ realDonaldTrump WON ’ T be in Washington D.C. for the White House Correspondents ’ Dinner on Saturday . He ’ ll be in Washington , Michigan . Here 's your chance to be the President 's VIP guest and get a photo with him ! https : //t.co/fA4waik9wr
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Americans stand with you and all of Canada , Prime Minister @ JustinTrudeau . Our thoughts and prayers are with you all.…
. @ realDonaldTrump : “ We are people who cherish our values , protect our civilization , and recognize the image of God in every human soul. ” https : //t.co/xvyFXYt28J
@ realDonaldTrump : “ We are people who cherish our values , protect our civilization , and recognize the image of God in every human soul. ” https : //t.co/RorJsO7aBp
RT @ IvankaTrump : “ Ever since General Lafayette joined the American fight for independence , our fates and fortunes have been tied unequivoca…
It ’ s Election Day in # AZ08 ! Find your polling location at https : //t.co/W5YAvyB4mo and get to the polls before 7 p.m. # LeadRight https : //t.co/f7kJyc4s2G
Ken in West Virginia : “ Right now our family is picking up about $ 1,670 a year more because of those reforms so thank you President , thank you Congress for getting this passed. ” Share your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/N5TJrCOvIF
Democrats need to reconsider their obstruction before it ’ s too late . Confirming Pompeo is in America ’ s best interest .
https : //t.co/kfG4Crqp0y
It ’ s time for Democrats to stop putting the next election over our national security .
https : //t.co/dFTyyOhGe8
. @ GOPChairwoman : Republicans are delivering . We ’ re going to go into these historic midterms and we ’ re going to have something to run on because we ’ ve done things .
RT @ FLOTUS : After months of preparations , @ POTUS and I are looking forward to hosting our first State Dinner with France ! Thank you to ever…
Sign the Official Petition standing up to Democrat obstruction : https : //t.co/EXTqcWn7vH https : //t.co/5xU5WB336S
`` The State Department could use a secretary equipped for the job of advancing U.S. interests in concert with the president — and the sooner the better . ''
https : //t.co/oOJgSlYQZ5
. @ PressSec on Pompeo : Democrats ... have to decide that they want to put the safety and the security and the diplomacy of our country ahead of their own political game ... We are very hopeful that they will .
RT @ HouseGOP : RT to wish the @ USArmyReserve a very happy birthday ! # USARBirthday110 https : //t.co/4oE4aaS7Wf
. @ SenJohnBarrasso : Mike [ Pompeo ] knows the issues , he knows the people , and he is the right person for this job . He will be an excellent representative for our nation , and a seasoned veteran to implement President Trump ’ s foreign policy .
Ben in West Virginia : `` I just want to thank you , Mr. President , for the tax cuts . They 've helped out greatly with my family . I 'm roughly saving about $ 2,000 a year . '' https : //t.co/K5rqQZO7bp
Keep up the great work , @ CRFVirginia !
https : //t.co/0dJ2CkhuVw
https : //t.co/7TI7mlzN7s
https : //t.co/leJ5IUGjTv
By repealing burdensome regulations and ending Obama 's `` war on coal , '' @ realDonaldTrump has helped spark a rebound of blue-collar jobs while simultaneously cutting the size of government .
You can ’ t miss this Southwest employee ’ s INCREDIBLE tax cuts story .
https : //t.co/gAhxEbcRmk
A survey of manufacturers found that 80 % say the president 's actions on regulations are `` headed in the right direction . ''
https : //t.co/k7vYFkggUN
https : //t.co/ezKNMJqqBB
https : //t.co/zV5z1kL5CF
https : //t.co/8P6Ymj59CG
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush . First Lady Melania has arrived in Ho…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family . In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush , there is a remem…
. @ SecretaryCarson : HUD will continue to fight for fair housing . It is central to our mission , and it ’ s the keystone of our nation ’ s creed that all persons are created equal .
https : //t.co/OJ4hsgxydV
https : //t.co/EGKhLReVQZ
Beverly in Maine : `` I am very happy with President Trump 's tax cuts . Because of that I am now making an extra $ 1,200 a year . '' Tell your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/wLHVyoBZ15
RT @ realDonaldTrump : North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site . This is very good news for North K…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : This kind of garbage only serves to promote disproven conspiracy theories and fuels exactly what the Russians want – peo…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The DNC ’ s move is nothing more than a desperate fundraising stunt from a party unable to acknowledge they lost the elect…
“ This is not a time for partisan political gamesmanship . ”
https : //t.co/mkOOQe6tGB
RT @ realDonaldTrump : James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION . Also , he leaked classified…
Hope Comey is happy with his book because he ’ s the only one . https : //t.co/FUxYsmH880
Another month , another fundraising record broken 💪
https : //t.co/Wb9MareIuz
MIKE POMPEO
- First in his class at West Point
- Served in the military and Congress
- Received bipartisan confirmation to be CIA Director
- Met with North Korean officials to talk denuclearization
That 's the appointee Democrats DO N'T want as Secretary of State .
“ We ’ re committed to securing our borders to reduce crime , illegal drugs , human trafficking. ” – President @ realDonaldTrump
“ The Trump administration has begun to get us back on the right track . Mike Pompeo will ensure that we stay there . ”
https : //t.co/jCaeSDqEjb
The Trump Administration is sending $ 485 million worth of grants to the states curb opioid abuse . @ realDonaldTrump is committed to combatting the # CrisisNextDoor .
https : //t.co/B7KDOJZlJg
See you on the book tour !
- Lyin ’ Lion Comey
https : //t.co/e0LXGvBSom
. @ SBALinda : The latest jobs report shows that since President @ realDonaldTrump was elected , almost 3 million jobs have been created ... These numbers are n't just good headlines . They have a real impact on America 's 30 million small businesses ...
It ’ s # NationalHighFiveDay . Spread the word ! https : //t.co/U3eb3Ye41J
“ …This is most definitely not the time for the United States to be without a secretary of State who is trusted and empowered to act decisively . Mike Pompeo is both , which is why the Senate should quickly put him to work . ”
https : //t.co/R3A4BkARrf
. @ GOPChairwoman : Congress ca n't stop working , and we ca n't stop working on behalf of the American people . https : //t.co/upYISegPNE
“ I would vote to confirm Mike Pompeo if I were a Senator. ” https : //t.co/GxuSzLu17u
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Best wishes to Prime Minister @ Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Indepen…
RT @ NVGOP : # FunFact for beer drinkers : GOP # TaxCuts are helping our local breweries big time ! Check out what the brewmaster at one Reno bre…
“ With the trust of the president and the respect of the American people , he will reinforce America ’ s role as global leader . ”
https : //t.co/yiQPgGOOH0
Well , this is awkward… .
https : //t.co/0g0En2i9Xd
RT @ IvankaTrump : Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin & amp ; former Governor Sununu in Derry , NH on # TaxDay to highlight the tremendous benefits o…
RT @ SecondLady : When I first met Barbara Bush in 1988 as she entertained spouses of congressional candidates at the @ VP Residence , her sage…
`` Bar , you have made my life full of everything I could ever dream of — my complete happiness should be a token of my love for you . ”
https : //t.co/iCMSTYqqyO
An entire nation loved her and admired her unfailing faith . https : //t.co/2w6HSnZK3u
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Barbara Bush was known for her immeasurable kindness and generosity as First Lady , mother , wife , grandmother , and great-…
RT @ SenateGOP : For years , @ GOPSenFinance Chairman @ SenOrrinHatch has been working to shred the old tax code . Today , he gets his wish . # TaxD…
“ On this Tax Day , America is strong and roaring back . Paychecks are climbing . Tax rates are going down . Businesses are investing in our great country . And most important , the American people are winning. ” - @ realDonaldTrump
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I ’ ve loved seeing your stories . If you haven ’ t told yours yet , record your video at https : //t.co/2yNeqKV4Zw
https : //t.co…
RT @ The_RGA : Since 2011 , Republican governors have enacted over $ 62 billion in tax cuts , while in the same time frame , Democrat governors h…
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act :
$ 123.7 billion invested back into the U.S. economy
$ 1.6 billion donated to charity
$ 2,000+ saved on average for families
# TaxDay
🎉🎉🎉TAX DAY🎉🎉🎉
https : //t.co/L6eex07awk
. @ RepKevinBrady : So while we are in the midst of this year ’ s frustrating tax season , filing under the old , broken tax code , things look bright for next year . That ’ s because we now have a new tax code that puts families first and allows for a true revival of American innovation ...
RT @ SteveScalise : The bad news → today is Tax Day 👎

The good news → this is the last time Americans have to file their taxes under the old…
Americans are winning this tax day .
https : //t.co/xwPV1xXYaI
🐘33 Republican governorships
🐘15 most popular governors are ALL Republican
🐘AND even MORE pickup opportunities in 2018
https : //t.co/JUnnkdg3Fy
🚨 🚨 Manufacturing hiring is at the HIGHEST level since before the recession.🚨🚨
. @ SBALinda : There are about 30 million small businesses around the country . If they 're growing , our economy is growing .
“ That 's one consistent thing about Jim Comey , he 's all about Jim Comey. ” - @ KellyannePolls
Must watch ➡️ Max told his inspirational story during @ realDonaldTrump ’ s roundtable today in Florida . https : //t.co/TWsnSCfqU8
https : //t.co/qZlUqc7SfY
https : //t.co/kHq2ZqMluf
https : //t.co/foWfUuUXu2
https : //t.co/EPNp8VWatr
https : //t.co/ZF7tGGX2C1
https : //t.co/KNOlLT6tr7
https : //t.co/tb4nI16dJE
https : //t.co/BOf7JUvpt1
https : //t.co/f4L5PELUc3
https : //t.co/yo3AtU9Opt
RT @ RNCResearch : Comey admits his family all “ passionate [ ly ] ” supported Clinton , family friends worked for Hillary https : //t.co/OtqLEzRzSb…
Here are 12 reasons James Comey has proven Trump was right to fire him ⬇️
https : //t.co/8x0ZJHJESI
James Comey didn ’ t just break FBI protocol by leaking information to the press , he lied about it to Congress . Find more lies here : https : //t.co/WRhkAPb3lv https : //t.co/H2l7CTHeym
It ’ s obvious Comey isn ’ t credible , but you do n't have to take our word for it . Here ’ s what Democrats and media have said : https : //t.co/WRhkAPb3lv
. @ PressSec : `` I do n't think we 're surprised by the fact that James Comey continues to spread false information . The guy is known to be a liar and a leaker ... '' https : //t.co/WRhkAPb3lv
https : //t.co/PWa0SYpCKq
https : //t.co/4F43K6Xlwa
https : //t.co/byH21wqQmn
Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family .
https : //t.co/HptMhBOFLI
https : //t.co/aTVTCXswsX
https : //t.co/SGZTP2if9M
https : //t.co/YXlpt9R80p
300 state-based staffers
10,000+ trained volunteers
$ 250 million investment in permanent data-driven field program
We ’ re ready to # LeadRight
https : //t.co/iRe1LZE2Iv
https : //t.co/oEg313rjeM
https : //t.co/H0LQD3De8i
https : //t.co/gooETSHfmK
https : //t.co/KbeFS7KV6H
Meet James Comey : https : //t.co/WRhkAPb3lv
# LeadRight💪
https : //t.co/FDDuFsOR9E
Listen to @ POTUS ’ s full statement on # Syria . https : //t.co/yWinT40J4g
Hot takes on Comey 's book 🔥 https : //t.co/0UTUa89qcG
. @ PressSec on Comey : ” The American people see right through the blatant lies of the self-admitted leaker . ''
RT if you ’ re one of them .
https : //t.co/tBNxT6Go3O
You can add FBI agents to the long list of folks not happy with Comey . https : //t.co/81SZCCEzA3
. @ GOPChairwoman : [ Comey ’ s ] actions speak louder than words… He was not interested in getting to know the president and serving him , he was interested in playing the “ gotcha ” game .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : If Comey wants the spotlight back on him , we 'll make sure the American people understand why he has no one but himself t…
RT @ RNCResearch : Before Trump fired James Comey , many Democrats called for Comey to step aside , calling his conduct “ outrageous , ” “ appallin…
Washington Post editorial board has a message for Democrats : stop the obstruction and confirm Pompeo .
https : //t.co/9kCWHJ0ERz
Not to spoil Comey ’ s exclusive with George Stephanopoulos , but Comey admitted he didn ’ t tell @ realDonaldTrump that the dossier was funded by the DNC , saying it “ wasn ’ t necessary for my goal ” https : //t.co/rKgvF6Mwvj
Comey isn ’ t credible . Just ask Democrats .
See more at https : //t.co/ms7BQ1FS2T https : //t.co/3NhIU1RNb2
“ To make their case , Republicans are turning to Democrats , using their vocal criticism of Comey to remind Americans , there ’ s plenty for all sides to dislike about the nation ’ s former top law enforcement official. ” https : //t.co/NJ6hIws5zS
FIRST LOOK at Comey ’ s new book . Pre-order more insider info at https : //t.co/ms7BQ1FS2T https : //t.co/QbpPitVcho
. @ realDonaldTrump : America 's greatest treasure by far is our people . My administration hears your voice and we have your back . We have your back . # MAGA
Imagine that ! Americans like policies that champion individual liberty and decentralize government .
https : //t.co/vZ7HTalnHs
The website James Comey doesn ’ t want you to ever see : https : //t.co/vJvwtaOeRr . https : //t.co/6ETVRqqget
RT @ realDonaldTrump : On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust . With each passing year , our duty to reme…
Comey will try to peddle his story in an upcoming book tour , but he has no one but himself to blame for his complete lack of credibility . https : //t.co/wEhMR8ShKc
True or False ? In 2016 , Democrat Adam Schiff called Mike Pompeo “ bright and hardworking , ” and “ willing to listen and engage… ”
True or false ? In 2017 , Democrat Dianne Feinstein voted to confirm Mike Pompeo as CIA Director , describing him as “ smart , hard-working and devoted to protecting our country . ”
True or false ? In 2017 , Democrat Joe Manchin voted to confirm Mike Pompeo as CIA Director , saying he would “ provide wise counsel and objective advice to President Trump . ”
Mike Pompeo : The number of complaints [ at the CIA ] decreased from 2016 to 2017 by 40 % and I ’ m proud of that .
“ As the Secretary of State , will you argue that we need to go ahead and implement the rest of these sanctions in a way that holds Russia accountable for its interference . ”
“ Yes ma ’ am . Every day. ” https : //t.co/C6QCA1vCG1
The 14 Democratic Senators voted to confirm Pompeo as CIA Director last year : Donnelly , Feinstein , Hassan , Heitkamp , Kaine , Klobuchar , Manchin , McCaskill , Reed , Schatz , Schumer , Shaheen , Warner , Whitehouse .
Democrat Senators need to put diplomacy over obstruction . https : //t.co/xbCRwsqpvs
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Mike Pompeo is more than qualified to serve as Secretary of State . Democrat senators need to set aside party politics.…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Even Democrats know who is responsible for our thriving economy . # MAGA https : //t.co/Owi1UlSEwl
“ Human trafficking is a modern form of the oldest and most barbaric type of exploitation . It has no place in our world. ” – President @ realDonaldTrump
https : //t.co/msf7l2slha
TODAY : @ realDonaldTrump signed a law that gives law enforcement and victims new tools to fight human sex trafficking . Work continues around the clock to prosecute traffickers , protect victims , and prevent further human trafficking .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SpeakerRyan , you ’ ve left an indelible mark on Congress as an institution , most notably helping to secure the largest t…
LAST CHANCE to join us for the National Day of Action THIS Saturday . Sign up here for your local event : https : //t.co/MsMqshU3ae https : //t.co/KCa6wQGGXt
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Must read . This has got to be addressed . https : //t.co/Rv5hrO3bPy
. @ SpeakerRyan : What I realize is if I ’ m here for one more term , my kids will only have ever known me as a weekend dad . I just ca n't let that happen . So I will be setting new priorities in my life , but I will also be leaving incredibly proud of what we 've accomplished .
Thank you , @ SpeakerRyan . https : //t.co/TbbQkayJKH
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man , and while he will not be seeking re-election , he will leave a legacy of achieve…
“ Thanks to @ realDonaldTrump ’ s leadership and vision , America will be more vibrant , prosperous , and advanced . The Office of Management and Budget will ensure that agencies maintain their responsibilities to remove red tape and streamline government bureaucracy. ” - @ MickMulvaneyOMB
RT @ SecNielsen : Instead of being bogged down in federal bureaucracy , the One Federal Decision MOU signed by @ POTUS today will enable @ DHSgo…
RT @ cathymcmorris : # TaxDay is one week away ! It marks the last time you will have to file your taxes under the old tax code . https : //t.co/l…
Here ’ s what one of Justice Gorsuch ’ s former law clerks had to say about the Associate Justice ’ s first anniversary on the Supreme Court ⬇️
https : //t.co/p5gG2EwRDD
Answer the question for yourself at https : //t.co/bvrEpfpGr6
https : //t.co/RAaNaXMWjD
“ The president ’ s pivot from naive U.S. free trade toward more strategic trade should be cheered , not obstructed . ”
https : //t.co/Fiw78XVvx9
President Xi of China promises to lower tariffs this year , open economy further .
RT to thank @ realDonaldTrump for standing up for our country . # MAGA
One year ago , Justice Neil Gorsuch joined the Supreme Court of the United States . https : //t.co/F9mikA55ix
RT @ NVGOP : Do n't miss the chance to participate in our National Day of Action this Saturday ! We 'll be out in full force across the state ma…
RT @ Kdpoindexter : Join Team Minnesota on April 14 and help turn MN Red ! Sign up below or at https : //t.co/fkQefmlETE and our team will get i…
RT @ chadler_usa : Ready to # LeadRight & amp ; # DefendTheMOjority ? Want to # FireClaire ? Do you support @ realDonaldTrump and the # MAGA movement ? Joi…
Hoosiers know that Joe Donnelly opposed the extra cash in their pockets from tax reform , so he got a not-so-subtle reminder in Indianapolis over the weekend . # INsen https : //t.co/i4w0e4LCBt
Do n't miss your chance to RSVP for the National Day of action on Saturday ! # LeadRight
https : //t.co/UOaJ37ZfkW https : //t.co/gNVqoYkNuc
It is estimated that more than 2 million Americans will suffer from addiction to prescription or illicit opioids in 2018 . The @ realDonaldTrump administration is calling on every American to help stop the # CrisisNextDoor
Liberals have refused to confirm @ realDonaldTrump ’ s appointees to hundreds of critical positions throughout our government . Tell the Democrats to STOP obstructing .
https : //t.co/ua82eg28PJ
Tax cuts mean MORE for you and your family .
https : //t.co/JKgtleOtwJ
Q : Why are you a Republican ?
A : ⬇️ https : //t.co/EAjMfHsEZM
RT @ Surgeon_General : Look forward to hearing from local leaders , health leaders from @ nkyhealth , family members , and individuals in recover…
On Friday , @ realDonaldTrump signed a Presidential Memorandum that takes important steps to END Catch and Release - a practice whereby those who have violated our immigration laws are released back into the U.S. shortly after their apprehension . https : //t.co/AD1rK4MCM0
Mona K. in FL : `` President Trump , for the first time , my husband and I can save money ... We 've invested in an IRA now and I 'm helping one of my grandchildren through college with all the extra money . ''
Record your video at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/RjGsOGLlYQ
RT @ elliott_echols : It ’ s been a great past few days with @ carrieatucker , @ russellpeck , @ andrewthebrey , & amp ; the @ FloridaGOP team in Tampa ! I ’ m…
`` Confidence in the American economy among businesses & amp ; consumers is near historic highs… ordinary Americans , have more hope in the future of their jobs , their opportunities , and their own savings accounts . '' - @ MickMulvaneyOMB
`` I never talk to a senator or congressman who does n't tell me they 're in favor of border security . Let 's put forward a legislative proposal that can pass . '' https : //t.co/C2R8PU44mK
2️⃣0️⃣1️⃣8️⃣ SCORE CARD

-Average of 202,000 jobs added each month

-Unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low

-Business and consumer confidence is booming

-Wages are rising

💯
“ The country needs a depoliticized , extremely competent CIA . We need Director Gina Haspel as soon as possible . ”
https : //t.co/l4uheQzu4P
Looks like freedom . Get the newest MADE IN AMERICA # MAGA hat today . https : //t.co/xxc3ggbjXj https : //t.co/gydGMh9SUD
RT @ KamilahPrince : @ SecretarySonny and the Trump Administration support our HBCU ’ s and building future leaders ! That ’ s how you # LeadRight h…
RT @ WhiteHouse : American optimism and excitement about the economy is growing under President Trump ’ s leadership . https : //t.co/6ujmBq1fb2
You 've got to see @ SenatorTimScott 's response when asked why he is a Republican . https : //t.co/4K29tx0uHn
Add your video at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy . # MAGA

https : //t.co/lUDIvKSLd8
“ At its core , our tax plan was written to help families get ahead and small businesses thrive . That ’ s why we doubled the standard deduction , meaning less of your income will be subjected to taxation ” - @ SenateMajLdr
RT @ realDonaldTrump : AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS ! https : //t.co/5jxdojPZmN
There 's quite a few people NOT feeling the bern .
https : //t.co/lcIwlVLkrD
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump : It is more important than ever before to come together as Americans . We can not allow those seeking to…
`` So how 's business ? '' Here 's how the founder of BET answered that question . https : //t.co/mD1vEyJWcw
TODAY : @ realDonaldTrump further stood up to Russia by implementing new sanctions on their oligarchs , government officials , and entities for their roles advancing Russia ’ s malign activities .
. @ WVGovernor told a story about @ realDonaldTrump not everyone knows . ❤️ https : //t.co/iKskCtcvaU
`` When you look at that , you have to say something is going right . '' # MAGA
https : //t.co/i85dJkZmsq
Just going to leave this here .
https : //t.co/8eqQ0ZYTP0
RT @ GOPChairwoman : This is ridiculous .
https : //t.co/wrXmcp7Vnw
Do you have a story like the one @ SenCapito shared with @ realDonaldTrump today ? Record your video at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/P8sMrZtaVY
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Just another reason why we NEED to continue electing Republicans this fall
https : //t.co/5nsu742c13
Looks like freedom . Get the newest MADE IN AMERICA # MAGA hat today . https : //t.co/xxc3ggbjXj https : //t.co/xIs3OtYQyr
The chief economist for @ NFIB said their latest employment survey was “ one of the best readings in survey history. ” Americans are getting the jobs @ realDonaldTrump promised .
President @ realDonaldTrump made a commitment to the American people to secure our border . He is going to do that . https : //t.co/30RGKYacLj
Border security is national security . Add your name and tell Congress to build the wall ⬇️
https : //t.co/IdcvP0CLoi
https : //t.co/5vOnVpE7hs
RT @ DeptofDefense : # GoldStarSpousesDay is a time to remember the loved ones of our fallen . We thank you for your continued service to the m…
“ This is a great time to be a job-seeker in America . '' - @ SecretaryAcosta
RT @ IvankaTrump : Verizon will donate $ 400M thanks to # TaxCuts to support 200 middle school # STEM programs with the goal of reaching 5M stud…
`` The security of our nation is not a partisan issue . Border security is national security . '' https : //t.co/t6MUfRREs2
After investigating for nearly a year , WaPo is reporting that @ realDonaldTrump is not a target of Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’ s probe - an unfathomable notion for Tom Steyer and the Resistance . https : //t.co/2liJinysLi
“ @ realDonaldTrump ’ s proposal will bring America ’ s infrastructure into the 21st century while creating new jobs ... the president also will help prepare the American workforce to thrive in good , family-sustaining careers . ”
https : //t.co/U77EavMjgf
🚨 Manufacturing industry has strongest jobs increase in 3 years 🚨
h/t : Automatic Data Processing Inc. and Moody ’ s Analytics
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination . Earlier this year I spoke abo…
. @ GOPChairwoman : Look at what President Trump has done . ISIS is on the run . Our military is being funded . He cares about our borders and our laws . He cares about our judges , making sure they abide by our constitution . And then just look at the deregulation and tax cuts .
Join the team April 14th . Sign up to learn about your local Day of Action event . https : //t.co/bap2xikJOe https : //t.co/lGjYear3ig
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube ’ s HQ in San Bruno , California . Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody…
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
https : //t.co/GHgWtX5jX5
RT @ ohiogop : Women like @ JaneyMurph , @ GOPChairwoman , @ ChairmanLathan , @ JeanieForrester , @ ShirleneDOstrov & amp ; @ KirstenHughesMA are leading the…
Help @ realDonaldTrump show the Democrats it 's time to stop these games by signing the Official Petition : https : //t.co/sdslqKvPyV
https : //t.co/r3eYAwjhPd
RT @ FLOTUS : The @ WhiteHouse is lit up in blue tonight in honor of # AutismAwarenessDay # LightItUpBlue https : //t.co/Y0QMVkZulf
THANKS TO TAX CUTS :
4 million workers ( and counting ) are benefitting
$ 4 billion being offered in employee bonuses
400+ companies are passing down savings
40+ states announcing savings for utility customers
“ This crisis is not going to be defeated by intervention from Washington . President Trump recognizes that it is local heroes , including so many in New Hampshire , who will rescue their neighbors , and our country , from the grip of addiction. ” - @ SecAzar
RT @ VP : On # WorldAutismAwarenessDay and every day , we celebrate the ways individuals with ASDs make priceless contributions to our Nation.…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : An honor to host the Annual @ WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll ! https : //t.co/bOMJRK8FyK
. @ FLOTUS read to young White House visitors on the lawn this morning . # EasterEggRoll https : //t.co/IrkKS0KmOn
“ …America once again has a leader in Trump who will carry forth the mantle of liberty , which he inherited from fellow Republicans Abraham Lincoln , Eisenhower , and Reagan . ”
https : //t.co/JL3e5MlmWE
. @ PressSec : @ POTUS made multiple offers on DACA . He wanted to see something get done and Democrats refused to put something on the table or work with the president to get anything done . They wanted to use DACA recipients as political pawns . https : //t.co/hDMmHTCPL5
RT if you think there 's never been a better time to start living the American dream .
Big praise for @ realDonaldTrump ’ s pick for @ CIA director.https : //t.co/alUVBh7sAb
Have you met # BOTUS yet ? https : //t.co/F79eZTDYKd
Celebrating Christ ’ s triumph over death and remembering His example of unconditional love . Happy Easter ! https : //t.co/nK5gdIzwVB
. @ senrobportman : The most recent federal jobs report shows the fastest wage growth since the 2009 recession , unemployment at the lowest it ’ s been since 2000 , and the most Americans entering the workforce since 1983 .
“ Mr . Trump has given us a new sense of urgency to assure that Americans living with serious mental and substance-use disorders get effective , scientifically sound , evidence-based care. ” https : //t.co/hdbdjVcAvV
Pastels are everywhere this weekend . https : //t.co/lhtYMLwqwa https : //t.co/4gAttH4Usz
Did you see this yet ? ❤️ https : //t.co/ebsAebo8Qo
If you 're a veteran who supports @ realDonaldTrump
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡️ https : //t.co/hZY4X56TAl https : //t.co/WhrQ4jPnWc
“ I am asking both parties to come together to give us safe , fast , reliable , and modern infrastructure that our economy needs and our people deserve. ” -President @ realDonaldTrump
Flashback Friday to when Natalie and Celia 's wish came true . The girls wrote a letter asking to cook for @ POTUS and were invited to bake cookies with @ FLOTUS and the White House pastry chefs . https : //t.co/ec9EviI62y
RT @ GOP : . @ realDonaldTrump has officially mandated that the 2020 United State Census ask people living in America whether or not they are c…
This lifelong Democrat knows @ realDonaldTrump is making the right call on trade . ⬇️
https : //t.co/FTBBtDM3I0
RT @ EstherZLu : Thank you , @ GOP for allowing me to share a piece of my story during # WomensHistoryMonth ! Excited to continue my journey with…
Reflecting on our unbreakable alliance with the Jewish people and our shared journey for peace . God ’ s grace and mercy know no bounds . Happy Passover ! https : //t.co/jwFn4lMSwD
Stand with @ realDonaldTrump as he supports our veterans . Get your FREE sticker here : https : //t.co/hZY4X56TAl https : //t.co/quHhuuURej
. @ USDOL : jobless claims at lowest level SINCE 1973
Thinking of our Christian friends today as they anticipate the joy of Easter overcoming the darkness of # GoodFriday and remember that the hope of eternal life overshadows fear . https : //t.co/B9LVEuBpkC
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s infrastructure proposal gets Washington out of the way . America ’ s infrastructure needs improvement , fewer regulatory barriers and a streamlined permitting process .
RT @ esaagar : . @ POTUS to award the Medal of Honor to then-First Lieutenant Garlin M. Conner , U.S. Army , for conspicuous gallantry during Wor…
“ You are the ones who are truly making America great again . We are going to work together . We are going to bring our country to a level of success and prominence and pride like it has never ever seen before. ” - @ realDonaldTrump
Meet Esther , our Coordinator of Asian Pacific American Engagement . She 's just one of the women changing politics for good . # WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/XvEQN2BWcn
Americans have the right to DEFEND their freedom . Sign the petition and protect the Second Amendment . https : //t.co/GZk6hHCZTV
Claire McCaskill 's fellow Missouri Democrat told her that she “ might need to take the campaign into the repair shop in the black communities. ” # MOSen
https : //t.co/tarlo849lC
RT @ SecretaryAcosta : Heading to Ohio with @ POTUS today to meet with building trade union members at a training site in Richfield . Looking f…
🎶Ba-dah ba ba bahhhh🎶
https : //t.co/mvyvVLd7er
RT @ Interior : The somber black walls of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial bear the names of 58,318 Americans who lost their lives in the confli…
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s infrastructure plan will :
-Create 290,000 to 414,000 construction jobs during 10-year period
-Add tens of billions of dollars to the nation ’ s economy
-Benefit workers with a high school degree or less
https : //t.co/Hk3W9eMCX1
. @ realDonaldTrump has officially mandated that the 2020 United State Census ask people living in America whether or not they are citizens . Please sign the Official Petition to defend the President ’ s decision here ⬇️
https : //t.co/XAPxuChb5G
RT @ payrs : Very proud to be a part of @ yrnf efforts to end veterans homelessness ! Capping off # YRNFinPhilly we collected donations for @ VM…
“ Trump ’ s strong track record on Russia flies in the face of the media ’ s narrative of cooperation and collusion between the Trump and Putin . ”
https : //t.co/zsEW66GdV0
❤️❤️❤️
https : //t.co/ebsAebo8Qo
RT @ MissouriGOP : Looks like Hillary came to “ backwards ” Missouri today to show her support for Claire . # BFF👯‍♀️ # MOSen # fireclaire🔥 https : /…
89 % of companies plan to enhance compensation due to new GOP tax reform
https : //t.co/tNsJFDs9nM
Republican Accomplishment Column
✅ISIS on the run
✅Military funded
✅Excellent judicial appointments
✅3 million new jobs
✅Increased consumer confidence
✅Massive deregulation
Democrat Accomplishment Column :
❌Obstruction
RT @ SecretaryCarson : There is a lot of data about the opioid crisis but what often gets lost is the fact that there are people behind those…
`` According to the third estimate of Q4 2017 GDP released this morning , which exceeded consensus expectations , economic growth in 2017 was even stronger than the data previously indicated . '' @ WhiteHouseCEA
“ I believe Bolton will take a very hard line on misbehavior by Russia , including any further attempts to interfere with U.S. elections . ”
https : //t.co/zkQtWa7OXh
Wonder how many “ $ 5 contributions ” Senator Claire McCaskill will get from Steven Spielberg and Hollywood elites… https : //t.co/l9HNdcIF4E
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Including a question about citizenship on the 2020 census is just common sense . A country should know who its citizens a…
43 % of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s nominees are still awaiting confirmation because Democrats are abusing procedure . @ SenatorLankford is asking for common sense . https : //t.co/nEMwEHd18o
RT @ GOPChairwoman : McCormick is adding some spice to those “ crumbs ”
https : //t.co/pf7HpWvOI6
. @ realDonaldTrump is leading on the world stage .
https : //t.co/G1Yz1KU010
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump is being TOUGH on Russia .
✅Expelled 12 Russian diplomats assigned to Russian mission at U.N .
✅Expelle…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Opioids killed more people last year than either car accidents or gun violence . This crisis of addiction can affect any Ame…
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : Party Fundraising →

—RNC—
•Feb 2018 : $ 12.8M ( record for Feb in non-presidential year )
•Cycle to Date : $ 157.7M
•Cash o…
The @ WhiteHouse is partnering with @ Interior and the @ NatlParkService to bring this opioid memorial to Washington in April . Take a look at this powerful video from @ NSCsafety . We must help stop the # CrisisNextDoor . https : //t.co/K3m6DyKhXs
RT @ jessisrad86 : Training our new team members on how to # LeadRight because # WeAreTheField everyone welcome @ JWSkaggs1983 @ underwood_wg @ Dm…
RT @ mfreckletonGOP : The @ yrnf is an outstanding organization developing the next generation of @ GOP leaders . I appreciate their invitation…
“ In terms of expulsion of diplomats , I ’ m not sure we ever have [ done more ] . It is getting harder to make the argument that the President has not gotten tough with Putin. ” https : //t.co/ymYe4p6qtc
🚨IMPORTANT 🚨
https : //t.co/MdCXDQwD2u
RT @ SenateGOP : MORE GOOD NEWS→ ” Oklahoma sets record for number of jobs ” via @ newsok # TaxReform https : //t.co/pcB5YdDEir
Do you think Nancy Pelosi will have a `` crumb '' cake for her birthday today ?
`` The Bolton designation will greatly reduce the grave risks now faced by America during today ’ s increasingly troubled times . '' https : //t.co/fwhZZGgCa3
RT @ DmendozaNVGOP : Just Registered a former Democrat to the Republican Party ! ! # NVGOP # WeAreTheField # LeadRight https : //t.co/fUzNSX1IC3
RT @ bibobilly422 : Welcome our new RLI fellows ! ! We are building the teams that will # LeadRight to keep our majority ! ! Thanks everyone ! http…
Praise for @ realDonaldTrump ’ s strong leadership is pouring in from across the globe . https : //t.co/iweRIPbJ2U
RT @ VP : Great to talk with @ AmbJohnBolton at the @ WhiteHouse today . He brings extraordinary experience to our team & amp ; I look forward to work…
“ Federalism is an essential principle of American governance , and Pruitt has put this principle into practice . ”
https : //t.co/O6O5lhOJ7Y
RT if you ’ re sick and tired of Democrats ’ unreasonable and politically motivated obstructionism .
https : //t.co/6InTfkPPUr
Thanks to tax reform , America is seeing :
➡️More money for consumers
➡️Strong monthly job growth
➡️Rising wages
➡️Booming consumer confidence
➡️More people working than ever before
RT @ StateDept : . @ FLOTUS : The # WomenofCourage we honor are heroes in the countries they call home and for the entire world . In recognizing t…
RT @ HHSGov : Leaders from across the Department engaged with communities impacted by the # opioids crisis . Watch how HHS is supporting @ POTUS…
With HALF of President Trump ’ s nominees still unconfirmed , Democrats are now holding our justice system hostage and preventing the U.S. from carrying out critical foreign policy . Tell Democrats to STOP obstructing President Trump ’ s nominees NOW . https : //t.co/m3Hf6bpngn
. @ VP : Our President has signed more laws cutting through red tape than any president in American history . We ’ ve eliminated 22 federal regulations for every one we ’ ve issued .
RT @ ONDCP : We can not let stigma , silence , and a lack of information prevent us from confronting the opioid crisis like we should . Let your…
President @ realDonaldTrump , you ’ ve got to see Hudson ’ s video about tax cuts ! # MAGA https : //t.co/WGesrEbkAR
The 2018 midterms are CRITICAL . Let us know what qualities you are looking for in our 2018 candidates here ⬇️ https : //t.co/A5IDa0ONHU
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s infrastructure plan includes a revitalization of :
🚚Highways and bridges
🖥️Broadband internet access
💡Energy grid
🚰Water utilities
🚂Transit systems
“ Millions of Americans have received bonuses and raises , and hundreds of billions of dollars in new investment have been announced since the tax bill was signed into law. ” https : //t.co/rp2VF8SfLL
Danielle in New Hampshire : “ I ’ m a single parent and being able to save money because you are cutting the taxes helps me to be able to put more food on my table. ” Tell your story to President @ realDonaldTrump at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/hKtpDRUzcs
“ We have a law-and-order president who is determined to make America safer . President Trump and his administration are moving swiftly and taking action. ” https : //t.co/qeNQu4SYZ4
Even the Democrats are starting to admit their obstruction has gone too far…https : //t.co/goe6Aydnrq
. @ realDonaldTrump : Under my administration , the theft of American prosperity will end . We ’ re going to defend our industry and create a level playing field for the American worker — finally .
RT @ FLOTUS : A big thank you to Celia and her big sister Natalie from Clarksburg , MD for traveling to the @ WhiteHouse to visit ! I had a won…
Make sure your pup is ready to # MAGA this # NationalPuppyDay .
https : //t.co/Z2170ro3kO
“ The Murphy family is getting an extra $ 125 a week thanks to the new tax reform plan . ”
Tell your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/gvvJ4FImRC
RT @ NRSC : Happy # NationalPuppyDay https : //t.co/ChhyVRas0r
RT @ mattmayberrynh : Great # leadright evening with @ VP @ MikePenceVP and @ GovChrisSununu . Fantastic crowds , lots of excitement and enthusiasm…
RT @ MDGOPDavid : I remember how excited I was when I joined my first campaign , getting to talk to students and signing them up for the Hogan…
RT @ ErikAZGOP : Phone bank for @ DebbieLesko ! Let ’ s win for # AZ08 @ JamesAZGOP led the charge for our volunteers to # leadright https : //t.co/Jb…
RT @ IvankaTrump : Today @ SecretaryAcosta & amp ; I had the privilege of meeting with inspiring youth activists & amp ; students to discuss this Admin ’ s…
. @ KellyannePolls : We are about 5 % of the world 's population and we consume 80 % of its opioids . It needs to stop . # CrisisNextDoor
. @ realDonaldTrump is putting America First . https : //t.co/ibHRta9agx
Thanks to @ POTUS , there are now 6.3 million job openings in the U.S. ( highest number on record ) , including :
🚧 250,000 construction job openings
🏭 427,000 manufacturing job openings
🚂305,000 transportation , warehousing , & amp ; utilities job openings
Would you like a side of fries with that maximum wage , Keith ? https : //t.co/IElBmL5Wp1
RT @ realDonaldTrump : As a candidate , I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade , protect American worke…
🚨 Big News Yesterday 🚨
Congress overwhelming passed legislation to curb online sex trafficking of children . https : //t.co/S3DgDqYFgk
On the campaign trail , @ realDonaldTrump said he would use the President ’ s Section 301 powers to combat China ’ s illegal activities , including the theft of American trade secrets . Today 's announcement is yet another promise kept .
Democrats claim they want a DACA fix , but they obstructed negotiations .
https : //t.co/jItgwfImvI
RT @ HouseGOP : PASSED → a funding bill that meets the priorities of Americans , including ...
✔ rebuilding our nation ’ s military .
✔ taking dir…
Good luck finding any stories written during the Obama admin about these travel and security costs , because they don ’ t exist… https : //t.co/TvxsCoUbZi
. @ SteveScalise : We 're funding the military at the level the generals said they need to do their job safely ... We 're finally properly addressing our defense 's needs and giving our troops a pay raise they deserve ... the biggest pay raise in 10 years for our troops .
Securing our homeland is a top priority of this omnibus bill . https : //t.co/QwzJzjNBSg
“ The backbone of Trump 's plan would expand education and awareness about drug addiction while providing increased access to proven treatment and recovery efforts . ”
https : //t.co/gfIFZ8Rcir
RT @ justonjohnson : Proud to serve alongside many incredible and inspirational women . Meet @ jessisrad86 # LeadRight # WeAreTheField # WomensHi…
With HALF of President Trump ’ s nominees still unconfirmed , Democrats are now holding our justice system hostage and sabotaging the governance of our country . This must stop .
https : //t.co/oQiXeOzmzy
RT @ GOPChairwoman : “ Other negotiators in the past have sought to regionalize the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Kushner has gotten further t…
What the Democrats did n't want you to notice about their latest FEC report .
https : //t.co/zeheFZW7jc
Democrat Senators in states @ realDonaldTrump won will have to explain how they can reconcile boosting Clinton ’ s values and agenda when she holds such belittling beliefs towards the very states they represent .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Thank you @ apalmerdc . Great to chat with you !
https : //t.co/vghyPeQTF1
Meet Jessica , our RLI Training Director . She 's just one of the women changing politics for good . # LeadRight # WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/Nr7lEz7mEg
“ @ realDonaldTrump has repealed 22 federal regulations for every new federal rule put on the books . He ’ s actually canceled or delayed more than 1,500 planned rules – more than any president in American history. ” - @ VP
RT @ JohnCornyn : Grateful for the work of @ Austin_Police and their state and federal partners during the bombings investigation and for the…
Smashing fundraising records and defying history - that ’ s our @ GOPChairwoman !
https : //t.co/2PhIsQf700
“ This president and our politicians in Washington are serious about opioids . Congress has already appropriated $ 6 billion to fight the good fight . ”
https : //t.co/eO1a27K3YG
Small towns . Big improvements .
https : //t.co/G1n8Ym8LZY
. @ realDonaldTrump : We will defeat this crisis . We will protect our beautiful children , and we will ensure that tomorrow is better , brighter , stronger , and greater than ever before… https : //t.co/brEic5UOUw
RT @ SteveScalise : I presented my two heroes – David Bailey and Crystal Griner – with the Duffy Award for the highest standards of conduct.…
RT if you 're ready for spring ! # FirstDayofSpring https : //t.co/bAVTREGZwA
https : //t.co/0svJdJ6G1s
January 2018 : $ 12.6 million raised
2017-2018 Cycle : $ 157.7 million raised
Total cash on hand : $ 42.4 million
Debt : $ 0
To a woman whose leadership has broken records and inspired countless Americans , Happy Birthday @ GOPChairwoman ! https : //t.co/gi9aTTUDlK
. @ realDonaldTrump : Every American should be given the chance to reach their full God-given potential and we will succeed together as one people , one nation and one great American family .

Help spread the word and fight the opioid crisis . https : //t.co/O9b5HzfuXk
https : //t.co/xmjmxV7m6C
11.8 million Americans 12 years and older have misused prescription opioids or heroin in the last year . RT to help fight this crisis . https : //t.co/O9b5HzfuXk
https : //t.co/GHPPY6EIp6
https : //t.co/c3po87vglu
https : //t.co/qvMInqvCTy
. @ realDonaldTrump is addressing the opioid crisis by :
1 . Addressing the driving forces of the crisis
2 . Reducing demand and over-prescription
3 . Cutting off the supply of illicit drugs
4 . Helping those struggling with addiction
https : //t.co/NwpNvwWBUQ
“ In a recent poll conducted by the Job Creators Network , nearly 60 percent of small-business owners believe the Republican tax cuts will help their business . And they are right . ”
https : //t.co/D3KHorkiK1
. @ VP : We ’ re going to keep cutting job-killing red tape and standing up to unfair trade practices by other countries , including China .
We picture a thriving America . # MAGA https : //t.co/j8C18W8ZEh
How is @ realDonaldTrump doing ? Let us know here ⬇️
https : //t.co/JNPaVCS7e9
https : //t.co/ML2hMmseQm
Lt. Gen. Paul Nakasone is now commander of U.S. Army Cyber Command and leads the military ’ s cyber operations against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . 💪
https : //t.co/qLh5PtLXEh
# WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/R8vJ0ppWKk
. @ RobPortman : The benefits of this tax reform start with families , but they extend to businesses , their employees and our economy .
Wrong ! Senator Bernie Sanders ( I-VT ) said this about immigration in 2007 . Hard to believe liberals used to want commonsense immigration solutions .
https : //t.co/MAlRKHsEVr
This is what Senator Dianne Feinstein ( D-CA ) said in 1993 . Democrats have turned away from the commonsense immigration they used to advocate .
https : //t.co/CCozEg9jOH
Believe it or not , Senator Harry Reid ( D-NV ) said this about immigration in 1993 . Democrats have taken a hard left turn from commonsense immigration .
https : //t.co/WRQVgi07H2
It 's # StPatricksDay ! https : //t.co/KxQwbzb3sA
Wishing friends far and wide a fun and safe # StPatricksDay
https : //t.co/WNj60Vb5bV
RT @ SenatorTimScott : For my granddaddy , my mom , every kid growing up in poverty ... my mission every day is to bring hope and opportunity whe…
Tell your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/AGgOmcYFvw
Americans are seeing tangible results from tax cuts . Here ’ s Melissa and Layne ’ s story . https : //t.co/F5NdRDyuAv
Meet Alexis , our Regional Political Director . She 's just one of the women changing politics for good . # LeadRight # WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/547tQqtSbj
RT @ SpeakerRyan : . @ LouiseSlaughter was tough , unfailingly gracious , and unrelenting in fighting for her ideas . She was simply great . In her…
. @ realDonaldTrump is making America 's safety a priority . Add your name and tell the Senate you stand with the President .
https : //t.co/NpB49eCZ3N
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic . Many brave First Responders rushed in to s…
Nancy feels - um - confident in her abilities . 😬 https : //t.co/LTMLNr3Sm4
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump has assembled a team that brings innovation to health care and gives power back to the patient .
https : …
Today , the President imposed sanctions on Russian organizations and operatives that engaged in “ malicious ” cyberattacks on the U.S. as a part of a broader effort to address the ongoing attacks from Russia .
https : //t.co/LHzmOx07CI
. @ GOPChairwoman : It took a change agent , somebody like @ realDonaldTrump , to come and lead . Voters are going to need to support Republicans so he can continue his agenda .
. @ realDonaldTrump knew the status quo wasn ’ t working in Washington ... now we 're getting things done . https : //t.co/GAWO4RdRzo
“ Jobs are being created and companies are investing more in growth because they know they can trust Trump to make the right decisions for our economy . ”
https : //t.co/S7wCcUTvIq
. @ OrrinHatch : It disheartens me when I hear talk about what ca n't be done . It 's time to focus on what can be done .
https : //t.co/larcmqnEbM
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators , their families and our incredible @ USNavy . https : //t.…
. @ SteveScalise : At a time when people are asking Washington to do something Congress took action today ... to start addressing the problem w/ a strong bill ... that gives students , teachers & amp ; law enforcement more tools to actively identify a potential shooter before a tragedy happens
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Met with Nicole Hockley , @ SandyHook Promise founder , to discuss programs they ’ ve developed to keep our schools safe from g…
Yesterday , @ realDonaldTrump visited California to see border wall prototypes . Our President is committed to enforcing to our laws and protecting our people .
https : //t.co/GhHE6HuZZv
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military , straigh…
RT if you love our troops . https : //t.co/0pK3oSVa8e
RT @ marcorubio : Today a bipartisan group of Senators joined @ rpetty @ KyleKashuv to push for passage of the # StopSchoolViolenceAct which wou…
RT @ VP : Great meeting @ KyleKashuv today - an extraordinary young man with a heart for helping those around him . We had a productive discuss…
. @ POTUS is taking immediate action to protect our schools by :
-Establishing a Federal Commission on School Safety
-Supporting violence-prevention programs
-Strengthening background checks and prevention
-Reforming mental health
TODAY , President @ realDonaldTrump visited the eight southwest border wall prototypes located near San Diego , California . Stand with the President as he makes America 's safety a priority .
https : //t.co/Lhftuv4spR
POLLS CLOSE in # PA18 at 8:00 PM . Find your POLLING LOCATION at https : //t.co/lQYB8jZfOp # LeadRight
Who said it : `` I happen to think that the Congress should be spending a lot more time…making it easier for us to create decent paying jobs for American workers instead of… importing more and more people into this country to do the work that Americans should be doing . ''
Who said it : `` The day when America could be the welfare system for Mexico is gone . We simply ca n't afford it . ''
Who said it : `` Can it be any wonder that the American people think our immigration policies are a joke when we select 40,000 new immigrants a year by lottery ? ''
RT @ SecNielsen : Looking forward to hosting @ POTUS at the border today along with our @ CBP and @ ICEgov team . # WallsWork https : //t.co/2cjslBq…
“ Liberal Lamb is promising to take us back to what did not work . ”
Get out and vote for @ Saccone4PA18 in # PA18 today !
https : //t.co/jaHhJobo3O
President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s leadership on North Korea is making a difference .
https : //t.co/RFAmnXrr5X
Polls are open until 8:00 pm in # PA18 . Find your voting location now at https : //t.co/W5YAvyB4mo https : //t.co/Ucvabkm8JJ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Mike Pompeo , Director of the CIA , will become our new Secretary of State . He will do a fantastic job ! Thank you to Rex…
RT @ mfreckletonGOP : Another sign out for @ Saccone4PA18 ! A lot of support here in # PA18 for Rick , @ realDonaldTrump and the @ GOP ! # LeadRight…
. @ GOPChairwoman : America is on the right track . People are feeling better . But , Democrats voted no on every aspect of the tax cuts ... We need to keep our economy strong .
RT @ SecretaryPerry : The men and women of the Cajun Navy heard the calls for help as Hurricane Harvey wreaked havoc on Texas , and they answe…
RT @ RNCResearch : Bitter Hillary Clinton trashes America ’ s Heartland , calls states that didn ’ t vote for her “ backwards ” https : //t.co/domiT7P…
49 % of Floridians haven ’ t heard of their own Senator ... who has been in the Senate for 17 years .
https : //t.co/lbQdUgXE4f
# PA18 - Find your polling location at https : //t.co/W5YAvyB4mo https : //t.co/1cUA20WXqa
. @ realDonaldTrump is committed to making communities a safer place for children .
https : //t.co/17YuMZP2o5
“ There are 39 pages in the Labor Department ’ s February report on the employment situation in the United States , but they can be summed up in four words : The economy is humming . ”
https : //t.co/3Oa8xizmaV
RT @ GOPChairwoman : With more boots on the ground than ever before , the @ GOP is in prime position to defend our majorities in 2018 . # LeadRig…
. @ realDonaldTrump wants to hear from YOU . Take the 2018 Listening to America Survey today ⬇️
https : //t.co/c7LGJy7ucS
Meet one of the ⭐s of the Trump Administration : @ EPAScottPruitt
https : //t.co/JdfUcHY9yU
https : //t.co/f6UFSgIPMh
Jobs , job , jobs ! https : //t.co/bZFeuO6q1e
“ The latest forecast from the International Energy Agency expects US production to satisfy 60 % of the global growth in demand for oil through 2023 — and to surpass Russia ’ s production by then . ”
https : //t.co/UfoIk66Wye
. @ realDonaldTrump : Go out . Vote for rick . He 'll never , ever disappoint you . He 's a winner . # PA18 https : //t.co/G9ewISWotv
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Great to be with @ saccone4PA18 tonight at the @ realDonaldTrump rally . He 's the leader # PA18 needs ! https : //t.co/hUwPat3g…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Epic crowd in Moon Township , Pennsylvania tonight . Thank you ! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @ Saccone4PA18 . Toge…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Join me LIVE in Moon Township , Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE . Great crowd for a # MAGA rally !
https : //t.co/PYJNg0WGDL
More than 400 days into @ realDonaldTrump ’ s presidency and HALF of his nominees have yet to be confirmed because of Senate Democrat obstructionists . Fight back here ⬇️
https : //t.co/ypCFQVwrxJ
This is Mercy 's story . Tell President @ realDonaldTrump your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy ?
https : //t.co/YNMZNNL1ce
`` After years of rebuilding other countries ... it is time to start building OUR country again . '' https : //t.co/xmUxUfldhq
It ’ s time for a “ Made in America ” comeback 🇺🇸
https : //t.co/Umm1O40bey
. @ realDonaldTrump : We want every American to know the dignity of work , the pride of a paycheck coming in , and the satisfaction of a job well done .
RT if you 're with @ nikkihaley as she stands up to Israel 's bullies . https : //t.co/JlF8dMHWHt
# LeadRight
https : //t.co/S0FAsw1qUi
Meet Carrie , our National Field Director . She 's just one of the women changing politics for good . # WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/0ZObhF5t9F
RT @ SenatorTimScott : We ’ re launching my National Opportunity Tour in North Charleston today . We must work together to restore the American…
💪
https : //t.co/FDhd1bIG8J
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Anti-Semitism has no place in American politics . Tom Perez must address this issue .
https : //t.co/0B2g5sxHaS
This is NOT fake news . # MAGA https : //t.co/dTG4pS4zwS
“ Not only did more Texas Republicans ( 804,581 ) vote early than Democrats ( 565,355 ) , but more Republicans than Democrats turned out Election Day . ”
https : //t.co/HhS9pYjzJe
313,000 jobs added to the economy in February 2018 , crushing expectations AND drawing hundreds of thousands into the job market # MAGA
“ A Nation that does not protect prosperity at home can not protect its interests abroad. ” - @ realDonaldTrump
Meet Kristy , our Texas State Director . She 's just one of the women changing politics for good . # WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/8aB9YyY16z
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump is fulfilling his campaign promise to begin holding foreign countries accountable for their unfair tra…
. @ realDonaldTrump , June 2016 : We will stand up to trade cheating anywhere and everywhere it threatens an American job .
. @ FLOTUS will present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award to more than 120 women from dozens of countries . # InternationalWomensDay https : //t.co/nOX4U70ndW
Democrats can officially freak out now .
https : //t.co/EFTWgoEe4O
Here ’ s to the mothers , daughters , sisters , and trailblazers who are shaping history , this month and every day . # InternationalWomensDay https : //t.co/gaxDOcKtU6
It has been almost 150 days of Democrat obstruction against @ realDonaldTrump ’ s pick for Assistant Secretary of State of Arms Control , Verification , and Compliance . RT if you ’ re sick of their games . https : //t.co/5bGuL4FBpL
Stand with @ realDonaldTrump and defend the rule of law . Add your name to show your support for the Department of Justice ’ s lawsuit against “ sanctuary state ” California .
https : //t.co/CP89cgozbk
. @ realDonaldTrump , July 2016 : No longer will we enter into these massive deals , with many countries , that are thousands of pages long & amp ; which no one from our country even reads or understands . We are going to enforce all trade violations ...
`` I am proud to say that we have cut more regulations than any administration in the history of our country . '' President @ realDonaldTrump
RT to help # MAGA https : //t.co/okQAFvsmjH
“ Promise-keeper President @ realDonaldTrump will make the American economy great again by punishing cheating China on trade . ”
https : //t.co/OzuIEHI2IN
. @ realDonaldTrump : The American economy is coming back bigger and better and stronger than ever before… Latino businesses are helping to lead the way . You are paving the path . https : //t.co/APeTLMHxgd
RT @ GOP_PR51 : “ Thank you @ GOPChairwoman for meeting with Puerto Ricans that have moved to Florida . We will work with the whole team to make…
Mother Jones : The DCCC ’ s First Big Test of 2018 Blew Up in Its Face . # TXprimary
In 2 months alone ➡ Vice , McClatchy , and Washington Post have called out the DNC for lying .
https : //t.co/sPVNm3paUb
RT @ SecretaryAcosta : Today I spoke with the @ LatinoCoalition about how @ POTUS is delivering # jobs to all Americans . This is an optimistic a…
RT @ VP : It ’ s been a year of action & amp ; a year of PROMISES MADE & amp ; PROMISES KEPT . We promised to unleash American energy & amp ; we did . We promised…
. @ GOPChairwoman : We kept hearing about this unprecedented Democrat turnout in Texas and then Republicans showed up in droves yesterday . # txleg # txprimary https : //t.co/nyQxtgHsZ0
“ We ’ ve eliminated 22 federal regulations for every 1 we ’ ve issued ... We ’ ve fought for trade deals that put American farmers and American workers first. ” - @ VP
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Americans know what really matters . About time Democrats started to get a clue .
https : //t.co/pMMqTwnCdB
How have tax cuts helped you ? President @ realDonaldTrump wants YOU to tell him . Record your video for the President at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy
Only a few hours left to get out and vote in the # TXPrimary !
https : //t.co/lU7Ln6PI34
. @ nikkihaley told the backstory on why she stands up for Israel at the U.N. and it ’ s 💪 https : //t.co/pl7Cn2d9nK
“ We have been in a trade war in steel and other industries for over a decade – while we may win a few battles , we are losing the trade war . ”
https : //t.co/VJ9L5pIMDD
Hey @ indgop ! Have you seen him ? ? # INSen https : //t.co/Xf8CoSU6kO
Are Democrats finally getting it ? https : //t.co/KZsO1E7uv4
RT @ TIME : `` How I went from a stay-at-home mom to the RNC chairwoman '' https : //t.co/ZbiFXpymYQ
It ’ s an important day in TEXAS ! Polls are now OPEN . Find your polling location here ⬇️ https : //t.co/tnVmnEFKZF # TXPrimary # LeadRight
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Let ’ s be clear . Democrats DON ’ T want a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers . @ realDonaldTrump put forth a deal with that…
🚨 BREAKING 🚨 There 's still no evidence of collusion . https : //t.co/SNNyKmaUxH
RT @ parscale : We will be the most technologically prepared campaign in history by 2020 . Our partnership with @ GOP couldn ’ t be stronger . To…
RT @ GOP : . @ realDonaldTrump has requested your input on 32 important questions . Response needed ASAP . https : //t.co/GwpEl3Xndg
Everything is bigger in Texas , including division within the Democrat party .
https : //t.co/MIaswcpFwY
Have you met @ GOPChairwoman yet ? This is her story . # WomensHistoryMonth
https : //t.co/MzSxwa5YqR
RT @ adisathi : 100+ came out in Orange County , CA yesterday morning to the @ GOP Republican Leadership Initiative ( RLI ) training . 2 venues we…
FYI Democratic Rep. Danny Davis has been in Congress for over 20 years , but barely anyone has covered his close relationship with - and defense of - well-known anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan ... https : //t.co/2bnX71cJC9
. @ realDonaldTrump is putting students FIRST .
https : //t.co/UoRtnUCctR
. @ GOPChairwoman : We do need more women in our party running for leadership roles at every level , from school board to state rep. to governor and for President…it ’ s going to take us getting involved . Our voices are valuable . # WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/H3M2TJHbRN
Q : Why are you a Republican ? https : //t.co/O6TAb4W5gL
“ The truth is economic security is national security. ” - @ SecretaryRoss https : //t.co/Wu8dwSaz4y
Consumer confidence continues to skyrocket 🚀
https : //t.co/wfhiEmEMYN
Feeling lucky ?
https : //t.co/Pe6XGmP6KU
Strong manufacturing = Strong America 💪
https : //t.co/PteFpYop8p
“ The throngs of Democratic candidates jumping into the 2018 congressional contests in hopes of 'resisting ' @ realDonaldTrump have in turn fueled a nasty war within the party… ”
https : //t.co/5TOZwp4fD4
Did you answer question 18 yet ? https : //t.co/EPue12Y8B2 https : //t.co/2Wn9OzW0E7
Yikes . 😬
https : //t.co/FOu0Uj3AZi
. @ IvankaTrump : We believe that every child deserves the chance to play and engage in sports and recreational activities , regardless of their zip code , athletic potential or financial status .
https : //t.co/t6CvkybvDq
Take 3 minutes and submit your feedback to @ realDonaldTrump .
https : //t.co/EPue12Y8B2
# LeadRight
https : //t.co/6J1I1AdJcL
. @ realDonaldTrump has appointed more women to senior-level positions than previous administrations . He ’ s empowering ALL Americans with his winning agenda . # WomensHistoryMonth
RT @ GOP : Half of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s nominees are still waiting for confirmation in the Senate . RT if you think enough is enough ! https : //t.…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump has been so reasonable on immigration . He 's put forward a deal that Democrats would have jumped at und…
. @ realDonaldTrump has requested your input on 32 important questions . Response needed ASAP . https : //t.co/GwpEl3Xndg
RT @ realDonaldTrump : REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM ! https : //t.co/2qMoUccVC2
Everything ’ s bigger in Texas .
https : //t.co/fqSXms7lyp
( this is the president of The Alliance For American Manufacturing )
https : //t.co/mcX84KyjT2
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Industry representatives support @ realDonaldTrump 's tariffs on steel and aluminum imports . The President of The Steel Ma…
RT @ RNCLatinos : Today we had the opportunity to listen firsthand from Puerto Ricans who were directly impacted by Hurricane Maria on ways w…
RT @ KamilahPrince : Share your story https : //t.co/4n1nKPtrxw https : //t.co/fUHVmO2hO1
RT @ cruzx19 : Great to see @ AustinRexHarris talk organizing and how we ’ ll # leadright in front of a massive Jones County turnout tonight . Esp…
RT @ avaldezdarnell : So proud to stand along side such strong , devoted , passionate women . Proud to be part of this team ! # LeadRight # WomensH…
Renew your 2018 Sustaining Membership and help us prove that @ realDonaldTrump has the FULL backing of the American people . https : //t.co/KGF5G6X7Ys
Here ’ s what @ PressSec had to say about the “ chaos ” in the White House . https : //t.co/TO4B4goygg
Meet the women at the forefront of the # LeadRight movement . Stay tuned for weekly features throughout # WomensHistoryMonth https : //t.co/HsoxLbebq1
“ The Bureau of Economic Analysis raised its estimate of how much U.S. incomes rose in the first month of the year in response to widespread reports of businesses handing out onetime bonuses after the tax cuts became law . ”
https : //t.co/QbZ8TvsR5C
RT @ SecAzar : . @ POTUS has gathered an impressive group here today , including leaders from non-profit organizations focused on addiction & amp ; re…
You have to see this heartfelt moment from today ’ s # OpioidSummit https : //t.co/2lAkG3Zq7s
MarketWatch : U.S. jobless claims plunge to 49-year low of 210,000
Half of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s nominees are still waiting for confirmation in the Senate . RT if you think enough is enough ! https : //t.co/WiLLrOaagN
From pioneering women ’ s voting rights to empowering female business owners , Republicans know that ALL issues are women ’ s issues . Proud to honor the legacy of the women changing politics - and the world . https : //t.co/FTPoBof5ma
CNBC : `` Small-business confidence hits record high in 2018 after Trump tax-reform win ''
Now we have proof that a major candidate in 2016 did get foreign help – and it wasn ’ t Trump .
https : //t.co/PDib7QFMi1
5 pillars of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s Trade Policy Agenda :
1️⃣Supporting our national security
2️⃣Strengthening economy to benefit all Americans
3️⃣Negotiating trade deals that result in prosperity for Americans
4️⃣Enforcing & amp ; defending trade laws
5️⃣Reforming WTO
Q : Why are you a Republican ? https : //t.co/nrVsJtyqCr
. @ realDonaldTrump is implementing @ Heritage ’ s “ Mandate for Leadership ” agenda at a pace faster than President Reagan .
https : //t.co/deRWS9mlzc
FACT : 81 % of the illegal aliens arrested in California in FY17 committed a crime in addition to entering the country illegally . https : //t.co/KzSbwYshKS
RT @ CalebJSmith : “ Here lies in honor America ’ s Pastor. ” - @ SpeakerRyan https : //t.co/DXR84P5FXh
Everywhere he went , Reverend Graham delivered the same message : God loves you . https : //t.co/YhzZ4y6C47
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The Democrats are the party of no . They are the party of resist . They ’ ve said no to bigger paychecks . They have said no…
TODAY :
@ realDonaldTrump demonstrated his commitment to Historically Black Colleges and Universities as he announced Johnny Taylor Jr. as Chairman of the President ’ s Board of Advisors on HBCUs .
Kena in Georgia shared her story .
“ I get about $ 150 more per paycheck and that really helps out a lot… ”
Tell yours at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/q7ZNV2Aq0z
RT @ AsaHutchinson : It was good to tell Arkansas ’ s story on school safety to President @ realDonaldTrump this morning . I appreciate his liste…
Democrats spent most of last year fighting each other over abortion . And they aren ’ t done yet .
https : //t.co/kv0jkdc5ZM
RT @ NHGOP : POLLS ARE OPEN until 7PM - we need to elect Les Cartier in the Special election in Laconia . Les is a Vietnam Veteran and a long…
Newsflash : Democrats do n't want to be bipartisan . They want to obstruct @ realDonaldTrump at all costs , even if it 's on something they campaigned on . They 're playing politics , not thinking about the people they claim to represent .
Our country is on a comeback , and @ realDonaldTrump is leading the way https : //t.co/Jem2G3fI8S
Today we honored conservative , African American leaders at our Black Republican Trailblazer Awards . @ KayColesJames , Dr. Leonard Haynes , and all the attendees inspire us with their commitment to service and add to the rich fabric of our Party . # LeadRight # BHM https : //t.co/nnBeIYL3SM
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I ’ m humbled by - and grateful for - the leadership of everyone who joined us for this year ’ s Black Republican Trailblaze…
. @ FLOTUS : There are often times of tragedy that you see the strength and resilience of the human spirit . I have been heartened to see children across this country using their voices to speak out and try to create change . They 're our future and they deserve a voice .
Every child deserves to grow up in a safe community . RT if you agree with @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/UbLdOeAx84
Watch @ MickMulvaneyOMB explain how a healthy economy will help young people ⬇ https : //t.co/vWG2QaHBHT
Team USA closed out the # WinterOlympics strong 💪 https : //t.co/18RUZJQg4S
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Would JFK be allowed in today 's Democrat Party ? Even Dianne Feinstein is n't liberal enough for them .
https : //t.co/WmOtU…
“ The Murphy family is getting an extra $ 125 a week thanks to the new tax reform plan. ” Tell your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/CkxyPDfIhS
A recap of Tom Perez ’ s disastrous 1st year as DNC Chair :

-Took teaching gig at Brown after saying he ’ d treat DNC as “ a full time job ”

-Struggled with fundraising

-Failed to unify the divided Democrat party
https : //t.co/w4iRxwMfkY
GOOD NEWS for the American economy : Applications for unemployment benefits hit lowest mark since early 1970s
https : //t.co/xR3Ra0OB5R
You voted to finally put American citizens first . Sign the Official Petition to defund sanctuary cities ➡️
https : //t.co/IlEULLPgZx https : //t.co/BcL5wLbpNr
“ Today , the American economy is surging : Capital is once again coming to America first . ”
https : //t.co/E7Ta5oMHtt
RT IF YOU ARE PROUD OF OUR OLYMPIANS .

Congratulations @ TeamUSA ! # WinterOlympics https : //t.co/kupq7sBDeK
“ Hi President Trump… We just want to say thank you so much ! Because of you and passing of tax reform , my husband is getting an extra $ 90 a week on his paycheck. ” Record your thank you video for @ realDonaldTrump at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/kwSg19nLas
🚨 GALLUP : @ realDonaldTrump rated best on terrorism , the economy ; better on taxes 🚨
Dinner with 45 ?
Here ’ s your chance ➡️ https : //t.co/qUTaSEkC7f https : //t.co/ShNVxm56aK
😃
https : //t.co/tBeMhdJ10U
“ We ’ ve got to keep that going , and I think @ VP is right . We need that urgency going into these midterms because we have something to fight for . We ’ ve got to protect America ’ s comeback. ” - @ GOPChairwoman
https : //t.co/BTpn4OCPV0
Don ’ t take our word for it , Clinton ’ s former Press Secretary commends @ POTUS for his accessibility .
https : //t.co/M1VWD3xQg5
The President is listening . Let him know your priorities here ➡️ https : //t.co/d1PGTYWlUc https : //t.co/z4xfZTqaJS
It ’ s been a rough year for Tom .
https : //t.co/w4iRxwMfkY
“ We salute our great American flag , we put our hands over our hearts to the pledge of allegiance … Above all else , we know that faith and family , not government and bureaucracy are at the center of American life. ” - @ POTUS # CPAC
“ I want people coming into this country based on merit . I want people ... who will love our people , and who will share our values ... ” - @ POTUS # CPAC
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ GOP is ready to protect America ’ s comeback ! Thanks for having me today # CPAC . https : //t.co/fz1gTG5q17
Don ’ t forget to stop by our booth at # CPAC to get your official @ realDonaldTrump gear ! https : //t.co/BMiBwE2bqO
. @ KellyannePolls : I think we should all be grateful that @ realDonaldTrump is the president at this time . https : //t.co/DBKcKfWzgQ
. @ POTUS : Thanks to our massive tax cuts , millions of Americans are getting to keep a great percentage of their money , instead of paying it to a government that throws it out the window . # CPAC https : //t.co/zhBypBFch8
. @ GOPChairwoman : President Trump brings a whole new energy . https : //t.co/sjBczGOqiR
RT @ GOPChairwoman : See you on the main stage this afternoon # CPAC !
Electric excitement for @ realDonaldTrump at # CPAC . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/QgrwyeTPtD
. @ realDonaldTrump : “ There is nothing more important than protecting our children. ” https : //t.co/6m2zluNF1a
https : //t.co/hl9nfxTwod
Here ’ s a recap of yesterday ’ s powerful listening session .
https : //t.co/aLxJ5BZylp
“ He genuinely believes action is needed and so is pursuing action . ”
https : //t.co/PcoujGVY1e
“ Just tell them : America is back. ” https : //t.co/slR4QWi02d
“ No child , no teacher , should ever be in danger in an American school . We will make the safety of our nation 's schools and the students our top priority. ” - @ VP
RT @ mfreckletonGOP : Capitol HIll interns and staff , plus many others , out in force tonight at the @ GOP RLI training ! Great group that ’ s rea…
RT @ adisathi : 50+ Capitol Hill interns & amp ; staff from all over the country turned out this evening to participate in the Republican Leadershi…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students , teachers and families . So much love in the mid…
Millions are benefitting from @ realDonaldTrump ’ s tax cuts . What 's your story ? Tell us at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/FZoYXoYP4t
RT @ GOPChairwoman : We need to come together listen and find ways to prevent these tragedies from happening again . @ POTUS is intent to liste…
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump hosts a listening session with high school students and teachers : https : //t.co/xzL8qO7xj6
“ We hear it every day from manufacturers of all types , from large iconic brands in big cities to family-owned businesses in small towns : We ’ ve never been this optimistic about the future . ”
https : //t.co/fpvxyrjyrW
Winning . # MAGA
https : //t.co/8xiuSWRNPS
RT @ GOPChairwoman : It ’ s crazy for Nancy Pelosi to say the tax break is unpatriotic https : //t.co/5389ndE2Au
“ It ’ s just crazy to hear Nancy Pelosi say that giving a tax break to the entire country ... is unpatriotic…She has to root against it because no Democrat voted for it. ” @ GOPChairwoman with @ MorningsMaria https : //t.co/FOFsFgAPK4
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Saddened to learn of Reverend Billy Graham ’ s passing . He inspired and changed millions of lives with his message of hope…
. @ POTUS : The forces of love and courage are always stronger than the forces of evil and hate . It is this truth that brings us together today . https : //t.co/G2yrSsPbGC
“ We have to make sure American farmers and their families , wherever they may be , wherever they may go , have the infrastructure projects that they need to compete and grow. ” – President @ realDonaldTrump
RT @ PressSec : Thank you @ SecAzar for your leadership—consistent with @ POTUS ’ direction to provide affordable health coverage alternatives t…
Tax reform is returning control back to hardworking taxpayers like YOU
https : //t.co/HjfXbHDtY3
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law . `` This shows small-business owners are more tha…
Tax cuts are benefitting the middle class by :
✅Doubling the standard dedication
✅ $ 500/child additional tax credit
✅Bonuses and pay raises
Still not tired of winning 🇺🇸
https : //t.co/XMRkaJqUdL
Remembering the young heroes of Parkland and their selfless bravery in the face of danger .
https : //t.co/h42rJbmMpp
. @ SecretarySonny : Under President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s ‘ Building a Stronger America ’ infrastructure agenda , we can restore our position in the world and steer America back to prosperity , particularly in rural America .
https : //t.co/WrOf5AMDVl
CNBC : Small-business confidence hits record high in 2018 after Trump tax-reform win
https : //t.co/uYgrtMueBp
Thanks for sharing your great news about tax cuts , Jack ! Record your own video for @ realDonaldTrump here : https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/xlH3i77UPV
CELEBRATE # PresidentsDay with 30 % off ALL official Presidential merchandise with code POTUS ! ➡️ https : //t.co/I1iJShMLqJ https : //t.co/wx3dbLOje0
” We thank President @ realDonaldTrump for recognizing Japanese investments in America . As the new Mazda-Toyota investment in Alabama he highlighted shows , Japan remains committed to America , its communities and to Americans such as Ted Klaus . ''
https : //t.co/yDNgwTDqrY
This # PresidentsDay , show President @ realDonaldTrump your support . Sign the President ’ s card now ➡️ https : //t.co/H4a51bLVFM https : //t.co/GBghY5FNqD
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s infrastructure plan :

1 . Provide federal dollars as matching funds to incentivize infrastructure investment

2 . Provide for the needs of rural communities

3 . Streamline and speed up project delivery

4 . Provide workforce training
Remembering the accomplishments and legacies of all our presidents . # PresidentsDay https : //t.co/lc0x1pfCZy
`` Hi President Trump , I wanted to thank you for the tax reduction ! I got an extra $ 120 in my paycheck last week ... ''
Send @ realDonaldTrump your video at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/gZTbwurUQ2
“ To create a brighter tomorrow for communities that have been left behind , we need to capitalize on the private-sector resources that can help boost these areas in ways we haven ’ t seen before. ” https : //t.co/18AIx88deD
Optimism among small companies in U.S. is on the rise 📈
https : //t.co/HhhtMqZAXN
Democrats are in a crumby situation .
https : //t.co/TTg4Nt4vUp
At @ CFPB , all it takes is common sense .
https : //t.co/GvhY5dWyrQ
In honor of # PresidentsDay , use the code POTUS to get 30 % off all Trump gear today AND tomorrow ! ➡️ https : //t.co/fB9DvKCSNT https : //t.co/gvhfcg24Go
Earlier this week , Democrats voted for a bill that limited DHS ’ s immigration law enforcement capability , prevented significant new border security , expanded amnesty and didn ’ t end chain migration .
Erik from Buffalo New York shared his story . It 's your turn . Do it at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/XNwBipvDib
While Democrats align themselves with the open border fringe of their party , @ realDonaldTrump will continue advocating for the American people .
Democrats are already having second thoughts about their opposition to @ realDonaldTrump ’ s successful tax bill…
https : //t.co/0k7xAjjRaG
https : //t.co/ShgHBbTC4n
Some Democrats were treated to # ValentinesDay `` crumb cakes '' and break-up letters . 😂
https : //t.co/dJOqizMYCA
`` This is only the beginning . Thanks to lower taxes , thanks to tax reform , these lower rates are kicking in . By the end of this month 90 % of American workers will see bigger paychecks as a result of tax reform . '' - @ SpeakerRyan
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our entire Nation , w/one heavy heart , continues to pray for the victims & amp ; their families in Parkland , FL . To teachers , …
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The Obama Administration lost sight of Russia . https : //t.co/GdNJ4e2srf
FYI ➡Senators Heitkamp , Tester , and Brown represent states that went big for @ POTUS in 2016 , but yesterday they joined the far-left of their party in voting to protect sanctuary cities .
🚨REMINDER🚨
Most recent Harvard-Harris Poll showed :
68 % of Americans oppose the visa lottery
79 % of Americans think immigration should be based on skills
79 % of Americans want secure borders rather than open borders
Brian in Pennsylvania told us what President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s tax cuts mean to him and his daughter . Tell your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/vRcfZ8wgkd
Did you see this ? Take the immigration survey NOW : https : //t.co/NvVSQ672NR https : //t.co/pVmzg7hXBB
We 're with you , Florida . https : //t.co/csPkMKHhdf
. @ POTUS : I will be meeting with the nation 's Governors and Attorney Generals . Making our schools and our children safer will be our top priority . It is not enough to simply take actions that make us feel like we are making a difference , we must actually make that difference .
Here 's what @ POTUS had to say to the children across our country today . https : //t.co/Q7usjC2iTX
President @ realDonaldTrump will address a grieving nation at 11:00 am . https : //t.co/GyDYYVw0FH
RT @ GOPChairwoman : My heart breaks for all the families , teachers , and students of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School . Praying for all af…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting . No child , teacher or anyon…
Want to be @ realDonaldTrump ’ s special guest in Pennsylvania ? Enter the sweepstakes here . https : //t.co/vcQDKVwg8C https : //t.co/ttoNThj8QE
True or False ? Bernie called hiring foreign workers `` A War Against The Middle Class And The American Worker . '' Answer ⬇
https : //t.co/WhOqtq2wKN
The numbers are in :
84 % believe the U.S needs an investment in infrastructure
89 % said investing in infrastructure will strengthen the economy
82 % believe infrastructure investments will bring more jobs to communities
( h/t Harvard-Harris poll )
Honoring the bicentennial anniversary of Frederick Douglass ' birth and celebrating his profound impact on American history . His passion for liberty and opportunity is part of the fabric of our party . https : //t.co/Ay3kCHO1A3
RT @ SecondLady : Happy Valentine ’ s Day from @ VP and @ SecondLady and Harley and Hazel ! ❤️ https : //t.co/sSyObS9uyh
We ❤ America . # HappyValentinesDay https : //t.co/Dvz5UoUt3K
RT @ Surgeon_General : Thank you , @ POTUS , and @ FLOTUS , for inviting me to honor the history of Black Americans in our country . It is an honor…
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s duty as President is to keep the American people safe and defend the American homeland . RT if you agree .
RT @ SBALinda : Conversations at the local level are critical to creating a more favorable environment for entrepreneurs and the rising optim…
Another 300 reasons to be happy @ realDonaldTrump is President . # MAGA
https : //t.co/ZrJgzjvW7A
Are you on board to help end the policy of chain migration ? Please add your name to the official Presidential Petition to TERMINATE Chain Migration .
https : //t.co/hhsK37IC63
Today , @ PressSec announced that @ realDonaldTrump will donate his 4th quarter salary to the Department of Transportation to support their programs to rebuild and modernize our crumbling infrastructure . https : //t.co/wp8Aoc4Hx1
RT if you ’ re on board . https : //t.co/2Kgt3Ae5ye
💯💯💯
https : //t.co/HhhtMqZAXN
Our Co-Chair @ Paduch joined @ Insight_America this morning for an incredible tour of @ NMAAHC and visit with @ VP . # BlackHistoryMonth # BHM https : //t.co/8FIkOKSFa7
82 % of Americans believe helping unemployed Americans find jobs should be a higher priority for Congress than providing work permits to younger illegal immigrants . It ’ s clear : Americans overwhelmingly support @ realDonaldTrump ’ s common sense immigration reforms .
“ Washington will no longer be a roadblock to progress . Washington will be your partner. ” - @ realDonaldTrump
Sen. Durbin just took to the Senate floor to make a couple of strange claims…
https : //t.co/dnZVZrksOw
Join President @ realDonaldTrump for dinner and a photo in sunny Florida . Enter the sweepstakes here ➡ https : //t.co/VkpuRqAVxy https : //t.co/cqLxtwFShF
RT @ RNCData : We are excited to announce our first @ GOP Campaign Data College which will take place March 19th through March 21st in DC . Fin…
INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN
➡New investments made in rural America
➡Decision making returned to local government
➡Regulatory barriers removed
➡Streamlined permitting
The current permitting process flowchart for a highway is as tall as President @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/N2HDrpLPMO
Rural America has been left behind for far too long . President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s infrastructure plan will invest in rural America , making sure it is supported and modernized .
“ Government of the people , by the people , for the people shall not perish from the earth . ”

Happy birthday to our 16th President , Abraham Lincoln . https : //t.co/0zBidEiwiF
. @ realDonaldTrump is investing in our country ’ s most important asset : its people . # MAGA
RT @ GOPChairwoman : It ’ s time to invest American dollars in rebuilding America first . President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s vision for infrastructure…
RT @ adisathi : Proud to represent the @ GOP w/ @ ChrisKane_IL last night and be with 200+ people at the inaugural event of the Illinois Korean…
Here are a few “ crumbs ” from the last week or so that you may have missed… https : //t.co/ulWB7A67ug
`` If there is one main thing to take away from Pence ’ s visit to Israel , it is that the U.S.-Israel relationship is finally back on firm footing where it belongs . ''
https : //t.co/GmNTU2IFR1
Democrats are trying to take credit for our thriving economy . 😂
https : //t.co/gKTke2wqO3
Tell us what YOU think . Take the Official February Approval Poll to share your thoughts on @ realDonaldTrump 's job performance today . https : //t.co/rDj0Z0v5CQ https : //t.co/Pjq6rQk4AN
You need to see what our # LeadRight team has been up to . Keep up the good work ! https : //t.co/1ftv4kDYXK
`` Our founders invoked our creator four times in the Declaration of Independence . Our currency declares , in God We Trust . And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the pledge of allegiance and proclaim we are one nation under God . ''
. @ realDonaldTrump knows power belongs to the people . This week he gave Americans in Ohio the microphone to tell their story about tax relief . Send your video message to the President at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/gI4wcLlHRV
We want to hear from YOU . Take the President 's Official February Approval Poll today . https : //t.co/rDj0Z0v5CQ https : //t.co/cSzAF7ncCj
RT for @ TeamUSA ! 🇺🇸 # WinterOlympics https : //t.co/EWtRc38HzX
https : //t.co/UDQI41Jx8t
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s immigration framework
- lays out the steps to secure our borders
- ends extended-family chain migration , while still protecting the nuclear family
- ends the visa lottery program
RT @ SenateGOP : Guess who wants to put @ SenTedCruz and @ SenSanders in the same bobsled ? # Olympics # OpeningCeremony https : //t.co/rkoDcKe0WW
✅Support @ realDonaldTrump
✅Gear up for Team USA .
➡ https : //t.co/UpErD21YiP https : //t.co/JIN3WScBYx
RT @ TeamUSA : # TeamUSA is in the 🏠 at # OpeningCeremony https : //t.co/mrul5BfldZ
RT if you ’ re with @ TeamUSA this Olympics ! https : //t.co/HoG4vIau1G
Fred sent his thank you video to President @ realDonaldTrump . Send yours too : https : //t.co/zZfrUDLrAY https : //t.co/IdftDx4uSj
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Our military now has the desperately-needed resources to protect Americans . While Democrats refuse to do their jobs , we…
From Boston to Beaumont , businesses of all sizes are reaping the benefits of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s tax cuts .
https : //t.co/YWCoHEiRna
Partial list of companies investing in employees and the economy because of tax reform .
✅Tyson Foods
✅CVS Health
✅Allstate
✅Boeing
✅Humana
✅BP
✅Anthem
✅Best Buy
✅Exxon Mobil
✅Pfizer
✅Lowe ’ s
✅Hostess Brands
Remember when the Obama White House and Nancy “ Crumbs ” Pelosi made a big deal about what $ 40 means to Americans across the country ? I guess the Democrats who are disparaging the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have forgotten . https : //t.co/jFA0zcWHF8 https : //t.co/kgMpECYRWI
West Virginia , we need your help . Sign up to volunteer today : https : //t.co/WibnHdrWHk # WVSen # LeadRight
https : //t.co/ghZRSQRda2
. @ POTUS : Our rights are not given to us by man , our rights come from our creator ... No earthly force can take those rights away . That is why the words “ Praise be to God ” are etched atop the Washington monument and those same words are etched into the hearts of our people .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Most recent crumbs :
-Boeing boosts employee match program
-Humana boosts wages for employees
-BP boosts U.S. investment
Listen to @ POTUS tell 9-year-old Sophia ’ s inspiring story this morning at the National Prayer Breakfast . https : //t.co/WO21z1J09C
HAT ON SALE TODAY : $ 16.80 # MAGA
https : //t.co/JOK1mscy6Q https : //t.co/Wjs031umWh
What will you do with the extra money in your pocket ? Record your video here : https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/8SZgrfpO72
Joe Manchin voted NO to tax cuts for hardworking Americans . Say NO to Joe in November . Join our team in West Virginia today : https : //t.co/WibnHdrWHk # WVSen # LeadRight https : //t.co/HPknQFMHlO
No seriously , # GoNancyGo . # FirePelosi
RT @ NRCC : NEW : NRCC Statement on Nancy Pelosi 's Filibuster https : //t.co/8ip00Vy5cS https : //t.co/C7bZXW9cEK
A true fighter . Keep racking up the wins , @ LarryHogan !
https : //t.co/qVRBLHh6NR
It ’ s the grit and enterprise of the American spirit that ’ s making America great again .
https : //t.co/Dh7opHWzNG
RT @ VP : Earlier today in Japan I announced the U.S will soon unveil the TOUGHEST & amp ; most AGGRESSIVE round of economic sanctions on North Kor…
Thanks to tax cuts :
330+ companies offering additional employee benefits
$ 139 billion getting invested back in U.S. economy
3 million+ Americans receiving bonuses
13 👏 YEAR 👏 HIGH
https : //t.co/8Xc6CUPCSj
Meet the @ WhiteHouse ’ s newest guest chef , 11-year-old Natalie ! https : //t.co/XmIL0iWs1l
A Harvard–Harris Poll found 80 % of voters believe local authorities should comply with the law by reporting to federal agents illegal immigrants they come into contact with . Despite public opinion , Democrats advocate for sanctuary cities .
It ’ s estimated that MS-13 has as many as 10,000 members in at least 40 states . We need to give law enforcement the tools they need to combat this brutal gang and stop its proliferation into American communities .
No better tribute to President Reagan than a new generation of successful tax cuts .
https : //t.co/RN9dyRCYgu
We need your input on commonsense immigration . Answer our survey here .
https : //t.co/21K5TY0ulw
Celebrating Ronald Reagan ’ s legacy today - and every day . https : //t.co/DYTNVLiZ08
. @ FLOTUS at @ CincyChildrens today . ❤ https : //t.co/u4CDKj9bNm
Tyler shared with @ realDonaldTrump what he ’ s doing with the money saved by tax cuts . Now you can share your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/Amr0QMwexH
. @ realDonaldTrump is not afraid to tackle the problems facing our country . Tell us what you think of the Administration ’ s progress on these key issues .
https : //t.co/fFUOk55SH4
Deana shared with @ realDonaldTrump what she 's doing with the money saved by tax cuts . Now you can share your story at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/YTobLEdaQS
Raised by RNC in 2017 : $ 132 million
Raised by DNC in 2017 : $ 66 million
# MAGA
https : //t.co/76PwgTraXu
Why don ’ t liberals want America to succeed ?
https : //t.co/izNtHLNC5P
There ’ s a lot to be happy about this tax season .
https : //t.co/7u69rrrDdd
With tax cuts , paying your bills just got a bit easier .
https : //t.co/WnpjOrBRsn
RT @ VP : Honored that Fred Warmbier , father of Otto Warmbier , will join us at @ pyeongchang2018 in S Korea . He & amp ; his wife remind the world of…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : In today ’ s “ crumbs ” news : Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities is lowering consumer bills thanks to tax cuts .
Meet the WWII hero who will flip the coin before tonight ’ s kickoff . # SBLII # SuperBowlSunday
https : //t.co/4bkrCJHKvE
A special message from President @ realDonaldTrump about # SuperBowlSunday . 🇺🇸 # SBLII https : //t.co/TWgs2QB1kh
The U.S. economy is making HUGE gains 💪
https : //t.co/uye2CNkwmM
Thanks for sharing your story about tax reform , Sherman ! Send your video today : https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/YdVDxcPoFM
Thanks for sharing your story about tax reform , Sherman ! Send your video today : https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/HzUOOHYHIe
The good news just keeps coming…
https : //t.co/SaJXpwqMAc
RT @ GOP : RT if you ’ re in . https : //t.co/tOWE86DaYv
“ I ’ m calling on Congress to immediately terminate the diversity visa lottery program . It ’ s a disaster for our country . This program grants visas not on the basis of merit , but simply because applicants are randomly selected in an annual lottery. ” – @ POTUS
RT if you 're standing for the flag tonight . # PleaseStand # SBLII
https : //t.co/0cQj3SEJNA
Rosa Parks would have celebrated another birthday today . We ’ ll continue to honor her life of courage and her powerful stand for equality . # BlackHistoryMonth # BHM https : //t.co/FnQ4qsOFTt
Manufacturing continues to power ahead under @ realDonaldTrump
https : //t.co/3joP010huP
Your input is crucial when it comes to the Trump Administration . Tell us your thoughts and take the Official Cabinet Approval poll today .
https : //t.co/68U2YKBDi6
`` I 'm sure glad we have this new tax law ... It 's helped everybody . ''
Here 's what Carl in New Hampshire has to say about tax cuts . Send your video here : https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/aTnOjfe8Ry
RT @ GOP : As long as we are proud of who we are , and what we are fighting for , there is nothing we can not achieve . # SOTU https : //t.co/kWJK9U…
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS

1 . RT to show your support

2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/Uv17SUHFA1
👍 FOR TAX REFORM

👍 FOR @ CMURepublicans https : //t.co/LqLkFfu87l
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I am deeply saddened to hear of the passing of our friend Jon M. Huntsman , Sr. Our hearts are with his wife Karen , and t…
Labor market added 200,000 jobs in January and the unemployment rate remained at a 17-year low of 4.1 % .
Making American Manufacturing Great Again 🇺🇸
https : //t.co/8KwdfGZ2fT
Let ’ s review the timeline for this dossier , shall we ? https : //t.co/vd6cvjmaZG
RT @ mike_pence : Wheels up to Pennsylvania . People in SW PA need a congressman like @ Saccone4PA18 to support President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s ag…
. @ realDonaldTrump : There has never been a better time to start living the American Dream . If you work hard , if you believe in yourself , if you believe in America , then you can dream anything , you can be anything , & amp ; together , we can achieve anything .
Rooting against American prosperity is NOT a winning strategy , Dems .
https : //t.co/rRY7or0qnY
RT @ FoxNews : . @ GerriWillisFBN : `` A married couple each earning $ 40,000 , total income $ 80,000 , gets an additional $ 22.40 semi-weekly or $ 537.…
4 million doors knocked .
8 million phone calls made .
700 RLI training events for 7,000 fellows .
Our ground game in strong . We ’ re ready for 2018 .
RT @ Surgeon_General : In honor of # BlackHistoryMonth , we celebrate the contributions by African Americans and commend the champions for adva…
“ @ realDonaldTrump ’ s State of the Union was well crafted and moving , but what made it especially important was the ease with which the president took the Democratic economic message of a few years ago and pocketed it without protest . ”
https : //t.co/XOMYKFFtxj
In January :
👍 Paychecks rise at fastest pace in more than 8 years
👍 Unemployment remains at 4.1 % , lowest level since 2000
👍 200k jobs added
. @ realDonaldTrump : We want every American to have the dignity of work , the pride of a paycheck , and the satisfaction of a job really well done . We are reaching our hands all across the aisle in pursuit of common ground & amp ; common sense reforms for the good of all Americans .
Americans are submitting incredible stories about what tax reform means to them . Add your video today : https : //t.co/CZbM462qL9
Even the media can ’ t deny that @ realDonaldTrump delivered a terrific # SOTU Address but we want to know what YOU think . How would you rate the President ’ s first State of the Union Address ?
https : //t.co/WOoyeOLLSh
It ’ s a HUGE day for Americans ! Tax cuts are beginning to take effect for most people . https : //t.co/pzzzTvw7Zo
Here ’ s how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is helping high poverty areas ⬇
https : //t.co/CNiAVLPn5n
“ We know that , for Americans , nothing , absolutely nothing is out of reach because we do n't know the meaning of the word ‘ quit. ’ We do n't quit . The Republican party certainly has n't quit. ” – President @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/6AZRaet6o8
“ Today , it ’ s looking more and more as if that was a risk well worth taking . ”
https : //t.co/iRWiGtexx0
So far TODAY :
-UPS invests $ 13,000 per employee in company sponsored pensions
-Cigna increases minimum wage and raises contributions to retirement accounts
-Hostess gives over 1,000 employees $ 1,250 bonuses
h/t Tax Cuts And Jobs Act https : //t.co/HeloSexfgP
Unemployment rate is now at the LOWEST rate since the turn of the century 💯💯💯
https : //t.co/Ru1Y9pJ8da
RT @ FoxNewsResearch : Party Fundraising →

-- RNC --
•Dec 2017 : $ 11.1M
•2017 Total : $ 132.5M ( off-year record for either party )
•Cash on Hand : …
Honoring the many contributions African Americans have made in communities across the country . These great Americans have shaped our nation with their work in civil rights , government , science , arts , & amp ; continue to enrich our diverse Party . # BlackHistoryMonth https : //t.co/PKrmMkB8bR
RT if you ’ re in . https : //t.co/tOWE86DaYv
When Democrats predicted Armageddon , but the tax plan actually delivers higher wages and bonuses https : //t.co/YlD5Jy1rhC
RT @ HouseGOP : `` That is what our country has always been about . That is what Americans have always stood for , always strived for , and always…
. @ POTUS couldn ’ t invite everyone who ’ s benefited from the Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act , so last night he asked Staub Manufacturing Solutions to represent the millions who ’ ve already seen a difference . # SOTU https : //t.co/Vg6rMBDHwA
Last night @ POTUS honored everyday heroes that make our country great . Thank you , Jon ! # SOTU https : //t.co/7yKnjp5dqG
When `` crumbs '' are actually big raises https : //t.co/3lBEIuyhrZ
America will no longer lead from behind . # SOTU https : //t.co/LgCVmniQ1V
Here ’ s what they ’ re saying about @ realDonaldTrump ’ s first # SOTU https : //t.co/dq4KFVdfBl
High marks for @ realDonaldTrump 's # SOTU
· 75 % approved , including 97 % of Republicans and 72 % of independents
· 81 % felt Trump ’ s speech was trying to unite the country rather than divide it
· 91 % favored what they heard on infrastructure
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Today ’ s incident was a terrible tragedy . We are grateful for the first responders who rushed to the scene and we pray for…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Praying for all involved in today 's train accident in Virginia .
Thank you , @ realDonaldTrump . # SOTU https : //t.co/34pSvF3wFY
RT @ GOPChairwoman : First reactions to @ realDonaldTrump ’ s incredible and unifying # SOTU last night . https : //t.co/E2QUL0KcLR
`` Seong-ho 's story is a testament to the yearning of every human soul to live in freedom . It was that same yearning for freedom that nearly 250 years ago gave birth to a special place called America . '' https : //t.co/WdXMxRu54o
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ POTUS 's speech tonight was a home run . Congress needs to unite behind his vision for a safe , strong , and proud America…
As long as we are proud of who we are , and what we are fighting for , there is nothing we can not achieve . # SOTU https : //t.co/kWJK9UGXhy
During tonight ’ s # SOTU , @ realDonaldTrump took a moment to thank Capitol Police Officers , the Alexandria Police , doctors , nurses , and paramedics who saved the lives of many — including Congressman Steve Scalise . https : //t.co/yEWnUmt4Pv
RT @ GOPChairwoman : An honor to hear President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s # SOTU in person tonight as he spoke straight from the heart . He ’ s fighting…
What was your favorite part of # SOTU ? Record a video to tell President @ realDonaldTrump here : https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy
Safe . Proud . Strong .
That ’ s the State of Our Union .
# SOTU https : //t.co/4V8lwP7LpT
. @ POTUS : And freedom stands tall over one more monument : this one . This Capitol . This living monument to the American people . A people whose heroes live not only in the past , but all around us -- defending hope , pride , and the American way . # SOTU
. @ realDonaldTrump increased sanctions against Chinese entities accused of aiding North Korea ’ s missile program and oversaw two unanimous Security Council resolutions imposing sanctions on North Korea . # SOTU
. @ POTUS : “ Last month , I also took an action endorsed unanimously by the Senate just months before : I recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. ” # SOTU
ISIS IS ON THE RUN . Over 7 million people in the region have been liberated and new sanctions have been imposed on the Iranian regime . # SOTU
The state of our military is strong . The National Defense Authorization Act @ POTUS signed allocated $ 700 BILLION for defense measures and getting our military the tools they need to prevent war . # SOTU
Standing with Officer Holets and his family as they serve their community and do their part to fight the opioid epidemic . # SOTU https : //t.co/Ik28mEvVfE
“ In 2016 , we lost 64,000 Americans to drug overdoses . 174 deaths per day . 7 per hour . We must get much tougher on drug dealers and pushers if we are going to succeed in stopping this scourge. ” # SOTU https : //t.co/IpTrrxLD6i
Less than 5 years ago , all 54 Democrats in the Democrat-controlled Senate voted to :
- double the length of a new border fence with Mexico
- end the diversity visa lottery
- spend $ 40 billion on border security
- create “ merit-based ” visas
# SOTU
https : //t.co/kqlMc3t6Ha
These are exact words from President Clinton during his 1995 # SOTU , but Democrats aren ’ t applauding for the same principle tonight .
https : //t.co/TEge7zeMIc
Immigration Musts :
✅Secure the Southern Border .
✅Eliminate the lottery and reallocate the visas to reduce backlogs .
✅End extended-family chain migration .
✅Provide pathway to citizenship with work , education , & amp ; character requirements . # SOTU
Since the last # SOTU
10,000 new ICE agents
5,000 new Border Patrol agents
45-year low on Border Patrol arrests as a result of decreased illegal crossing attempts
Thank you for helping keep America safe , Agent Martinez . # SOTU https : //t.co/XbksdXZJQG
. @ realDonaldTrump : “ But as President of the United States , my highest loyalty , my greatest compassion , and my constant concern is for America 's children , America 's struggling workers , and America 's forgotten communities. ” # SOTU
`` We can lift our citizens from welfare to work , from dependence to independence , and from poverty to prosperity . '' - @ realDonaldTrump # SOTU
. @ POTUS : “ America is a nation of builders . We built the Empire State Building in just one year – isn ’ t it a disgrace that it can now take 10 years just to get a permit approved for a simple road ? ” # SOTU
84 % of Americans say “ the country needs to invest more in infrastructure . ”
76 % of Americans say “ it should be funded through a combination of government spending , bond issuances and public-private partnerships . ”
# SOTU
https : //t.co/qDZ3ioLEZp
. @ POTUS insists on fair and reciprocal trade for America . He negotiated “ 37 major deals ” between U.S. and Chinese companies during his trip to Asia totaling more than $ 250 billion . # SOTU
PUTTING AMERICA FIRST . # SOTU https : //t.co/aoki0Qki9s
# SOTU https : //t.co/byH1lfgrvW
# SOTU Fact : @ realDonaldTrump has cut 22 regulations for every 1 issued , saving the country $ 8.1 BILLION in net regulatory costs . https : //t.co/UUFZeEGiqF
Justice Neil Gorsuch was appointed to # SCOTUS last year and @ realDonaldTrump had 12 federal appeals court nominees confirmed in 2017 - a new record for a president ’ s first year . # SOTU
Keep up the good work honoring our veterans , Preston ! # SOTU https : //t.co/ILF2MoMo0L
. @ POTUS doesn ’ t have the time to mention every great result of tax reform during # SOTU , so here ’ s a helpful list for you .
https : //t.co/5HTAR8vs18
. @ POTUS : “ This is our new American moment . There has never been a better time to start living the American Dream. ” # SOTU
. @ realDonaldTrump : “ We repealed the core of disastrous Obamacare -- the individual mandate is now gone. ” # SOTU
. @ realDonaldTrump : “ Just as I promised the American People from this podium 11 months ago , we enacted the biggest tax cuts and reform in American history. ” # SOTU
Because of the Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act , nearly 300 companies have already pledged to offer bonuses , pay raises , or increased employee benefits . Companies have pledged to invest estimated $ 89B in the U.S. # SOTU
# SOTU Fact : Unemployment is down to a 17-year low ( 4.1 % ) and over 2.4 MILLION new jobs have been created .
# SOTU Fact : Consumer confidence is at a 17-year high and the Dow Jones increased by 5,000 points in one year for the first time in its 121-year history .
Obama Economy : 1.5 % GDP growth during his final year in office .
Trump Economy : 2.3 % GDP growth , hit over 3 % growth for 2 consecutive quarters during his first year . # SOTU
. @ POTUS : `` If there is a mountain , we climb it . If there is a frontier , we cross it . If there is a challenge , we tame it . If there is an opportunity , we seize it . So let us begin tonight by recognizing that the state of our Union is strong because our people are strong . '' # SOTU
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Welcome , Mr. President . # SOTU https : //t.co/tjJO06SGRr
Watch President Donald J. Trump give his first # SOTU https : //t.co/ZebbF2aDfT
RT @ GOPChairwoman : A privilege and honor to watch President @ realDonaldTrump give his first # SOTU in person tonight . https : //t.co/t1AppTnbOm
This year ’ s `` official '' Democratic response to the # SOTU will be given by another out-of-touch liberal with a familiar last name . As a former student of Elizabeth Warren , Joe Kennedy is a perfect fit for a Democrat Party more interested in resistance than bipartisanship .
. @ SenateMajLdr : 2017 was the best year for conservatives in the 30 years that I ’ ve been here , the best year on all fronts . This turned out to be a solid , pro-business , conservative administration on all fronts with the bonuses and pay raises and investments .
Meet the guests of @ FLOTUS and @ POTUS for tonight 's # SOTU . https : //t.co/XtDjbuLUYX
RT @ Scavino45 : 🚨Happening Now :
@ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump welcoming tonight ’ s # SOTU special guests to the Oval Office . https : //t.co/RURp9Goiz6
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Obama Economy : 1.5 % GDP growth during his final year in office .
Trump Economy : 2.3 % GDP growth , hit over 3 % growth for 2…
More Americans keeping more of their hard-earned money . That ’ s what tax reform is all about . https : //t.co/vQ5j2cVsvj
Democrat `` unity '' at its finest as they set the record for the most # SOTU responses ever given .
https : //t.co/hgtRVPpoqW
DON ’ T MISS IT ! Make sure to tune in tonight at 9pm EST to watch @ realDonaldTrump ’ s first State of the Union Address . # SOTU https : //t.co/wLV4zVGnym
Want to see your name on our live stream ? Pitch in here : https : //t.co/OhZx0w0aW2
https : //t.co/AOCFKhFqEM
Only YOU can truly describe the current state of our country . That ’ s why @ realDonaldTrump wants to hear from you before his State of the Union address TODAY . Take the official survey today . # SOTU
https : //t.co/MLfYAuMmuO
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Under @ realDonaldTrump ’ s leadership , our State of the Union is strong . # SOTU https : //t.co/Q0pi6BwRAf
Quick recap on America 's big tax cuts wins ⬇ https : //t.co/VMCnTXrfNS
. @ realDonaldTrump is the Paycheck President and Americans know it . Watch the videos people across the country have submitted and then submit your own .
https : //t.co/CZbM462qL9
Would love to hear Chuck and Nancy tell Wade in North Carolina that his rebate is `` crumbs . ''
https : //t.co/Tc9KFSkQke
🎉🎉 250 🎉🎉
https : //t.co/tSj6FGMWKt
Love the video , Austin !
Submit your own at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy https : //t.co/hDiSgNAfrk
Tax cuts continue to FUEL our economy !
https : //t.co/rbPQfyGZEY
Meet the hardworking and heroic Americans who will sit with @ FLOTUS tomorrow during @ realDonaldTrump ’ s State of the Union address . # SOTU https : //t.co/9NfozAS23N
Only YOU can truly describe the current state of our country . That ’ s why @ realDonaldTrump wants to hear from you before his State of the Union Address . Take the official survey today . # SOTU
https : //t.co/nVZ7RcLxwe
Happy Birthday , @ SpeakerRyan ! https : //t.co/cwmbvpYPTC
Who said it ?

`` All Americans ... are rightly disturbed by the large numbers of illegal aliens entering our country . It is wrong ... for a nation of immigrants to permit the kind of abuse of our immigration laws we have seen in recent years , and we must do more to stop it . ''
Mark your calendar for the big day tomorrow . # SOTU https : //t.co/WJtlHGHK8d
America is open for business . https : //t.co/WrkCONSVJC
. @ POTUS : We are eliminating burdensome regulations at a record pace ... we have the best colleges and universities in the world and we have the best workers in the world . Energy is abundant and affordable . There has never been a better time to do business in America .
RT @ SenateGOP : . @ NancyPelosi ’ s net worth in 2016 : $ 29,350,000

Americans ’ median net worth in 2017 : $ 68,828

To the average American , a $ 1 , …
RT @ BetsyDeVosED : School choice is not about picking this building or that classroom – it ’ s much bigger than that . It ’ s about freedom to fi…
`` I 'm not sure that $ 1,000 goes very far for anyone . '' - Debbie https : //t.co/jdqGfIoRKP https : //t.co/Psuyn3VGWc
. @ POTUS and @ netanyahu meet for the first time since the decision to move U.S. embassy to Jerusalem . https : //t.co/3yiuswtaCX
P.S . 0 Democrats voted for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act .
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act :
8,468 diapers could be bought by an average family with their tax savings .
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act :
3 million employees have already received bonuses .
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act :
6,700,000 Americans will no longer have to pay the Obamacare penalty .
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act :
$ 50,000,000 will be invested in employee education by the Walt Disney Company .
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act :
$ 857,125,000 will be donated to charity by U.S. companies .
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act :
$ 82,590,000,000 will be invested in the U.S. economy .
“ When Americans go to the polls , they ’ ll ask am I making more money ? Is our country on the right track ? Have Republicans delivered ? They 'll say yes . Contrast that to the obstruction of the Democrats. ” @ GOPChairwoman
RT @ ohiogop : After @ Starbucks made headlines this morning we knew @ SenSherrodBrown staff would be exhausted from spinning the news as anyth…
We must secure our borders . Sign the petition to tell Chuck it 's a non-negotiable .
https : //t.co/KMC7F7DKml
We must empower the future leaders of our country to succeed . School choice is in the best interest of parents and students . https : //t.co/ErUdmbXxqB
Our data and our `` very sophisticated '' ground game has the GOP ready for 2018 💪 https : //t.co/GhfhSMKOEq
Our FBI men and women are serving this country with distinction , but Lisa Page and Peter Strzok need to be investigated . They have gone outside the lane . https : //t.co/4tG0btmyyA
Thanks a latte !
https : //t.co/DBac34Jfu0
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Americans are seeing the benefit of this historic tax reform . We 've already seen 2 million people in this country benefi…
When people go to the polls they 'll remember what @ POTUS has done to make people 's lives better . What are Democrats going to run on ? Resist , obstruct , shut down the government ? https : //t.co/LZypwEyqye
. @ realDonaldTrump wants your feedback on any responsible immigration reform deal . Share your thoughts here .
https : //t.co/nIIdTcYXKh
Join @ realDonaldTrump , @ PressSec , and millions of others in praying for Sophia Campa-Peters on January 26th . Hear her inspiring story ⬇ https : //t.co/BltGjQCeSZ
Even the anti-Trump FBI agent Peter Strzok thought there was “ no big there there ” on Trump-Russia collusion .
https : //t.co/ZxbKefjusu
2017 was a record-breaking year under the leadership of @ GOPChairwoman .
https : //t.co/iASJby3X1f
RT @ AndrewHClark : Just to recap some great tax reform news this AM :

✔️ JPMorgan investing $ 20B with 4,000 new jobs and wage hikes .
✔️ P & amp ; …
“ The grassroots ’ hope and enthusiasm is palpable ; they feel the impact of a healthier economy and stronger borders . They are more empowered than ever to build businesses , care for their families , and get involved in their communities. ” - @ GOPChairwoman
https : //t.co/leG5moRO9d
RT @ VP : A privilege to pray at the Western Wall . This is our 4th trip to the Holy Land , but Karen & amp ; I never fail to leave without a sense o…
Our digital team blew all previous records out of the water in 2017 . 🙌
https : //t.co/LijrR2ZIjx
Even Democrats are wondering why they shut down the government ...
https : //t.co/BLPn4UQXGQ
Spoiler Alert : A Democrat said this… .
https : //t.co/xvNmUL68ku
We ’ re not the only ones wondering why Democrats staged the # SchumerShutdown.🤔 https : //t.co/Cqrsq70FFo
Democrats with presidential aspirations preview how radically far-left the 2020 field will be…
https : //t.co/BUY7mt7TjA
Great question . https : //t.co/kwb6f3cAre
# SchumerSurrender
https : //t.co/87OpxUj6PT
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The # SchumerShutdown was an entirely avoidable fiasco forced on Americans by Democrats . They repeatedly refused bipartis…
REMEMBER : @ SenatorTester said no to funding the government TWICE . Say no to him in November . # SchumerShutdown
REMEMBER : @ SenBillNelson said no to funding the government on Friday . Say no to him in November . # SchumerShutdown
REMEMBER : @ SenSherrodBrown said no to funding the government on Friday . Say no to him in November . # SchumerShutdown
REMEMBER : @ SenStabenow said no to funding the government on Friday . Say no to her in November . # SchumerShutdown
REMEMBER : @ SenBobCasey said no to funding the government on Friday . Say no to him in November . # SchumerShutdown
REMEMBER : @ SenatorBaldwin said no to funding the government on Friday . Say no to her in November . # SchumerShutdown
We can ’ t let Democrats get away with this . Fire the Senators that put the # SchumerShutdown over Americans .
Congratulations on a pointless # SchumerShutdown , Democrats .
https : //t.co/amCAfVmbK1
Tell Senate Dems you will always remember when they put illegal immigrants before American citizens during the # SchumerShutdown . https : //t.co/o3TCQxOL9O
FACT : Majority of Americans think approving a budget to stop a government shutdown should be a bigger priority for Congress than passing a bill to fix DACA .

The American people have spoken . The ball ’ s in your court , Senate Democrats . # SchumerShutdown
RT @ SpeakerRyan : →Half of @ DeptofDefense 's civilian workforce has to be furloughed .
→Training for Reserves has to stop & amp ; Guardsmen have to…
“ There is no other way to look at it—90 percent of the Democrats voted to block a bill to fund the government. ” - @ JimInhofe
https : //t.co/IuWFrItAdC
Day 2 of # SchumerShutdown and Democrats continue to choose political games above :
❌ Veterans ’ services
❌ Opioid treatment centers
❌ Health care for 9 million vulnerable children
Once upon a time… @ SenatorTester said : “ You do n't , as a minority , take your one issue and stop everything by shutting down the government . ''
Once upon a time… @ SenSherrodBrown said : `` another shutdown would hurt all Americans , but would be particularly hard on those that need the help the most : children , older Americans , and those with disabilities . ''
Once upon a time… @ SenBillNelson said : “ Every member of Congress has a responsibility to put aside partisan political differences in favor of finding common-sense solutions '' to avoid a government shutdown .
Once upon a time… @ SenatorBaldwin said : threatening a government shutdown is `` immensely disrespectful '' to public servants and that `` federal workers , veterans , and their families should not have to pay a price for partisan political games . ''
Once upon a time… @ SenBobCasey said : a government shutdown risks `` our nation 's economy with a game of reckless brinksmanship . ”
The math is simple . Senate Democrats shut down the government . # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/LjR1miCxmP
Do Democrats need to end the # SchumerShutdown so we can fund children 's health and pay our troops ?
RT @ GOP : Just going to leave this here . # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/6xoUMkKUBf
Don ’ t let Schumer get away with this .
RT to tell the Democrats to do their job .
# SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/mbbl9SLxVw
So why are the Democrats holding the government hostage ? # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/AjY3k5RFRf
Democrats said no to funding the government . Say no to them in November . # SchumerShutdown
RT @ GOPChairwoman : It 's simple . It takes 60 votes in the Senate to pass a spending bill , yet Democrats are peddling a false narrative that…
Will Chuck end his filibuster ? Troops need our support . Vulnerable children deserve funding . Veteran ’ s services and opioid treatment programs are at a standstill . # SchumerShutdown
It ’ s not looking good for Democrats after the # SchumerShutdown , but don ’ t take our word for it… https : //t.co/z1FtDFWM8s
General Mattis 's words to our service men and women facing the # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/QDx3WeHCfj
While the Democrats are playing political games , @ realDonaldTrump continues to work on behalf of the American people at the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/keG3KHh3vY
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Let 's do the math ... # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/fRKFUztLtH
Even the mainstream media knows who is to blame for the # SchumerShutdown… .
https : //t.co/YX0H0kY0Ky
DNC : promised $ 10M to rebuild state parties , but did not deliver .
RNC : raised record $ $ and trained 1,600 more volunteers at today ’ s National Day of Training . # LeadRight https : //t.co/CNHOatP3XQ
Psst . Did you see these headlines , Senate Dems ?
Bloomberg : “ Shutdown Starts As Senate Democrats Block GOP Funding Plan ”
NYT : “ Senate Democrats Block Bill to Keep Government Open Past Midnight ; Shutdown Looms ”
AP : “ Senate Democrats Derail Bill To Avert Shutdown ”
https : //t.co/Kg2GlrRmu3
Just going to leave this here . # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/6xoUMkKUBf
While Democrats gloated about their # SchumerShutdown , our field teams and volunteers gathered across the country for our National Day of Training to celebrate @ realDonaldTrump ’ s inauguration and gear up for the midterm . Looking good , everyone ! # LeadRight
https : //t.co/Ok7tpZurw0
One year ago today @ realDonaldTrump took an oath to protect , serve , & amp ; lead ALL Americans . Yesterday , Dems showed our country they would not do the same . Tell Senate Dems you will always remember the day they put illegal immigrants before American citizens . https : //t.co/o3TCQxOL9O
Senate Democrats are playing irresponsible political games . It ’ s time for them to end the # SchumerShutdown . https : //t.co/OMqLJqsyx0
Do you remember when Chuck said : `` No matter how strongly one feels about an issue , you should n't hold millions of people hostage ” ? # SchumerShutdown
. @ SecShulkin explains the devastating effects of the # SchumerShutdown for veterans . https : //t.co/C7O7QCv8IC
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Do the math ! 230 Democrats voted to shut down the government . 269 Republicans voted to fund CHIP and government . Democra…
. @ SpeakerRyan : All of this is completely unnecessary , but Senate Democrats believe none of it is too high a price to pay for appeasing their political base . https : //t.co/3mgKupZ7vI
Senate Democrats voted against a non-controversial bill which would keep the government open and fully-fund health insurance for children . Nearly every Democrat said on record that was a priority . Apparently , it isn ’ t more important than playing politics . # SchumerShutdown
`` These people that threaten shutdowns , they should be defeated in their elections , frankly . '' - @ SenSherrodBrown who voted to shut down the government last night # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/v5uMHSVbcc
RT @ SpeakerRyan : One party in one house of this Congress is deliberately holding our entire government hostage . This did not need to happen…
12 hours into the # SchumerShutdown . https : //t.co/3CMWVj4uaP
New national polling spells trouble for Senate Democrats in states @ POTUS carried in 2016 . # SchumerShutdown
https : //t.co/1LlI8cEAle
. @ SenateMajLdr : “ What we just witnessed on the floor was a cynical decision of Senate Democrats to shove aside millions of Americans for the sake of irresponsible political games . A government shutdown was 100 % avoidable . ”
RT @ GOP : 🚨 Stand up to the # SchumerShutdown . Add your name now . 🚨
https : //t.co/90aMhm2cTv
RT @ SenateGOP : The # SchumerShutdown Clock https : //t.co/CDrxSmBK6W
RT @ GOPChairwoman : A year ago , 60 Democrats boycotted @ POTUS inauguration because they refused to accept the will of voters . Last night , th…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenBillNelson chose the # SchumerShutdown over 374,884 children enrolled in the CHIP program in Florida
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenSherrodBrown chose the # SchumerShutdown over 223,583 children enrolled in the CHIP program in Ohio
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenatorBaldwin chose the # SchumerShutdown over 171,552 children enrolled in the CHIP program in Wisconsin
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenBobCasey chose the # SchumerShutdown over 342,268 children enrolled in the CHIP program in Pennsylvania .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenStabenow chose the # SchumerShutdown over 82,693 children enrolled in the CHIP program in Michigan
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenatorTester chose the # SchumerShutdown over 44,688 children enrolled in the CHIP program in Montana .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Senate Democrats shutdown the govt over petty political games & amp ; blind opposition to GOP efforts to pay our troops & amp ; fund…
RT @ SenateGOP : Live : Will @ SenSchumer lead the @ SenateDems toward a # SchumerShutdown ? https : //t.co/ZmBVuqdj0Z
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Democrats supporting the # SchumerShutdown are voting against the extension of essential children 's health care programs…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Not looking good for our great Military or Safety & amp ; Security on the very dangerous Southern Border . Dems want a Shutdo…
The clock is ticking… @ SenatorTester are you willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and vulnerable children ?
The clock is ticking… @ SenStabenow are you willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and vulnerable children ?
The clock is ticking… @ clairecmc are you willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and vulnerable children ?
The clock is ticking… @ SenBobCasey are you willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and vulnerable children ?
The clock is ticking… @ SenSherrodBrown are you willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and vulnerable children ?
The clock is ticking… @ SenatorBaldwin are you willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and vulnerable children ?
The clock is ticking… @ SenBillNelson are you willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and vulnerable children ?
Dems are willing to put the # SchumerShutdown ahead of our troops and children .
New national polling has a clear message for Democrats : Don ’ t shut down the government over DACA . https : //t.co/CxOSVD70Ei https : //t.co/PvA9LmFyUC
RT @ RNCResearch : SHOT : MSNBC confronted Bernie Sanders with a quote of him slamming government shutdowns , but Bernie denied he ever said th…
New Jersey voters don ’ t deserve another year of an absent senator . Democrat Bob Menendez should resign .
https : //t.co/3CfTLJJpGY
We stand for life . RT if you do too . # WhyWeMarch # MarchForLife https : //t.co/SaULLVa74Z
RT @ GOPChairwoman : MYTH : Republicans can keep government open on their own .

REALITY : We need 60 votes in the Senate . With only 51 Republi…
“ The military will still go to work . They will not get paid . The border will still be patrolled . They will not get paid . Folks will still be fighting the fires out west . They will not get paid. ” # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/H6zerBiyV2
`` You know as well as anybody that it takes 60 votes in the Senate to pass an appropriations bill . Right ? You know that . '' @ MickMulvaneyOMB # SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/BQGxyBPxLs
🚨 Stand up to the # SchumerShutdown . Add your name now . 🚨
https : //t.co/90aMhm2cTv
Is @ SenatorTester going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # MTsen # MTpol https : //t.co/IrzJg7jct9
Is @ SenStabenow going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # MIsen https : //t.co/tj07feZyn9
Is @ clairecmc going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # MOsen https : //t.co/F0HFBxoNaS
Is @ Sen_JoeManchin going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # WVsen https : //t.co/ALGxM4czXB
Is @ SenatorHeitkamp going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # NDsen https : //t.co/LZduKdISMb
Is @ SenBobCasey going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # PAsen https : //t.co/jJfO4Ree66
Is @ SenSherrodBrown going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # OHsen https : //t.co/wTNnJrwm4H
Is @ SenatorBaldwin going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # WIsen https : //t.co/aO2HXd9ggm
Is @ SenDonnelly going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # INsen https : //t.co/t7ntCWCdA6
Is @ SenBillNelson going to vote for the # SchumerShutdown and strip 9 million low-income children of their health insurance ? # FLsen https : //t.co/msR0CNbe2w
RT @ VP : Today @ march_for_life will with one voice call on the United States to rededicate itself to the most fundamental right enshrined in…
A government shutdown rests squarely on the shoulders of Democrats . Are you going to block funding for vital programs or do your jobs ? # SchumerShutdown
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SpeakerRyan : “ The only people standing in the way of keeping the government open are Senate Democrats . Whether there i…
The House voted to keep the government running and provide children ’ s health insurance . Ball ’ s in your court , Senate Democrats . Do the right thing . https : //t.co/fj0imyeJxN
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Senator Schumer , do not shut down the federal government .



Do not jeopardize funding for our military and for our nation…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Senate Democrats have a choice : support a # SchumerShutdown or fund our troops and health care for millions of children.…
RT @ GOPVets : We are deeply honored to be apart of such an amazing event celebrating the service and accomplishments in our great veteran co…
. @ IvankaTrump : Doubling the standard deduction , the child tax credit , all of these elements make this a very family-friendly plan and also enable great American businesses like this one to thrive and be competitive in a global landscape . https : //t.co/IO0PffQJjQ
RT @ GOPChairwoman : “ What if I persuaded my caucus to say ‘ I ’ m going to shut the government down , I ’ m going to not pay our bills unless I ge…
`` There 's never been a better time to hire in America , to invest in America , and to believe in the American dream than right now . '' - @ realDonaldTrump
🚨FYI 🚨Democrats used to be against the shutdown showdown they ’ re advocating for now .
https : //t.co/WX0UL5ttxu
$ 145 million dollars of taxpayer money saved thanks to @ CFPBDirector .
https : //t.co/DcUcMJnmhb
Real families will see real savings when filing their taxes next year .
https : //t.co/BqiEIS7Rsw
This isn ’ t a fantasy , this is real life .
Tax reform works . https : //t.co/WPKBtzQXbR
We know you 're waiting to see the results . After the massive demand , our page is back up : https : //t.co/DMloqE1Vwe https : //t.co/zgk8aQd6AY
Tonight , https : //t.co/YTZAIJpNhb saw more traffic than ever before . Even though the servers were scaled up , the interest was even greater than anticipated . Traffic is off the charts . Come back soon .
Sign up for the National Day of Training @ GOPChairwoman mentioned on air last night : https : //t.co/sUDGBjC1yU
https : //t.co/hdbnzr4AuK
RT @ FoxBusiness : Markets since inauguration : https : //t.co/nLEXdrBwtQ
This is your LAST CHANCE ! Celebrate the first anniversary of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s historic inauguration with the President himself . Enter the sweepstakes here ➡ https : //t.co/r2Vy1aG8PU https : //t.co/ugDdQitp9S
What happens when a pastor , a stay-at-home mom , a student , a machine shop worker , and union member are asked what they think about @ realDonaldTrump ? https : //t.co/vs2N1vuMKc
Priceless moment between @ SenatorDole and his wife during today ’ s Congressional Gold Medal Ceremony . https : //t.co/4tm5f7cdCO
h/t @ realDonaldTrump ✔
https : //t.co/u34GQtQeu4
If a male Republican senator spent his 10 minutes “ mansplaining ” at the female DHS Secretary about immigration policy & amp ; yelled at her the only time she tried to speak , Democrats would be triggered . https : //t.co/wVDc6G5L8d
RT @ GOPChairwoman : “ One of the greatest successes of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s first year in office has been the empowerment of women . ”

Too bad…
. @ EricTrump : People are reinvesting in their employees , that is exactly what my father wanted to happen . He wanted wages to go up , he wanted unemployment to go down . America is being successful again . America is attracting businesses again .
That ’ s OUR @ GOPChairwoman ! 👏👏👏 https : //t.co/FCAQG3lA9W
“ In this case the higher growth from the lower tax rates are likely to lead to more income , and this higher , not lower , charitable giving , just as happened in the 1980s when tax rates fell from 70 % to 28 % . ”
https : //t.co/kHgBA1e79u
CBS asked an accountant how tax reform will affect Melissa and Layne in California .
Answer : Keeping an additional $ 13,000 in their pockets https : //t.co/ASAmANWEC8
CBS asked an accountant how tax reform will affect Amber and Jason in Rhode Island .
Answer : Keeping an additional $ 650 in their pockets https : //t.co/EvVFb3KBfx
CBS asked an accountant how tax reform will affect Marcie in North Carolina .
Answer : Keeping an additional $ 1,300 in her pocket https : //t.co/hMPRGjwNKz
Be the change you want to see in 2018 . Learn to # LeadRight at our National Day of Training on January 20 . RSVP today : https : //t.co/9LtoOsoCWn https : //t.co/5efu5qxgct
⬆️ Fastest 1,000-point climb in Dow ’ s 121-year history ⬆️
https : //t.co/nDorW9Gioc
RT @ HouseGOP : Look at these numbers → A single parent with 1 child who earns $ 41,000 will save $ 1,304.50 . This is money to make ends meet a…
Lower corporate tax rate ➡ higher take home pay for you and your family
https : //t.co/FXsWqjmYCK
Honoring National Religious Freedom Day and celebrating the many faiths that make America great ! https : //t.co/ueYa6InuW1
RT @ SecretaryCarson : Toured Dr King ’ s birth home with my lovely wife . Dr. King is an inspiration everyday and today we all celebrate his li…
RT @ PressSec : Twenty years ago as a student at Central High I watched President @ BillClinton and my dad @ GovMikeHuckabee open the doors for…
RT @ SenatorTimScott : While we honor you today , your memory is imprinted on the fabric of our nation every single day . For every child of co…
RT @ SenJoniErnst : Today , let us not only honor the dynamic leader , Martin Luther King Jr. , but his eternal message of equality , peace and l…
He inspired generations with his enduring vision of the American Dream . Let 's continue making it a reality . # MLKDay https : //t.co/Ugu4Ywr9M8
RT @ GOPChairwoman : As we pay tribute to Dr. King today , may we continue working toward making his dream a reality inspired by the principle…
. @ realDonaldTrump wants your feedback on any responsible immigration reform deal . Share your thoughts here ⬇
https : //t.co/VidzJs4IJa
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/F8bkdkDGbk
Hey students ! Spend your summer with us . Apply for one of our internships today ➡ https : //t.co/Gl8mOIRIrK https : //t.co/6GW1WAdIUu
Make your fitness resolution great . 💪 https : //t.co/vRFLPffwbB
🎁 GRAND TOTAL for 2017 holiday sales = $ 691.9 billion 🎁
https : //t.co/4TDsLH08cR
The benefits of tax reform keep growing and growing and growing ... https : //t.co/2XVnLdBfxG
Promises made . Promises kept . # MAGA
https : //t.co/bfuWwgv21e
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The @ GOP is leading and winning with our president @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/YDOQPXeJJJ
Celebrate the first anniversary of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s historic inauguration with the President himself ! Enter the sweepstakes here ➡ https : //t.co/2bng372UaK https : //t.co/MK3Dv5q2OH
Ever wonder what General Mattis says when he 's talking to our troops ?
https : //t.co/KnpPGEZyGn
One week to go ! Not too late to sign up for our National Day of Training . Sign up for your local event and then add it to your calendar . https : //t.co/sVZhsftbYR # LeadRight https : //t.co/EQ5K7hoOR7
. @ realDonaldTrump wants your feedback on any responsible immigration reform deal . Share your thoughts here ⬇
https : //t.co/W3kSZ18Gtl
# MAGA
https : //t.co/Izt40urcfM
“ No matter what spin the media put on the first year of the new administration , the numbers don ’ t lie . What began as a Trump rally in November 2016 has turned into the Great American Economic Renaissance . ”
https : //t.co/TyIT4ligLs
RT @ SecretaryCarson : We will not remember Dr. King 's death as an ending , but as a beginning… As a moment when he was called to new life wit…
Hear Martin Luther King Jr. ’ s nephew explain why Monday should be a day on , not a day off . https : //t.co/SbOVD2dBFf
Only 20 days in and tax cuts are already producing incredible results .
https : //t.co/ITRqQJZIY1
RT @ GOPChairwoman : For many families , “ crumbs ” help make car payments , ease the burden of student loans , or help save for retirement .
https…
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s Executive Order will :
🏥 Enhancing mental health services for recently discharged veterans
👩‍ Allowing vets to schedule appointments in the private sector
💻 Expanding the use of telemedicine
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Great news→ 90 % of wage earners will see an increase in their take-home pay starting next month . https : //t.co/FLMwjeCOr2 h…
$ 1,000 might not be much for Pelosi - one of the wealthiest members of Congress - but millions of Americans are already seeing the benefits of tax reform . https : //t.co/EcuAgGdvqg
RT @ HouseHomeland : Great news → House unanimously passes @ RepMcCaul 's bill , the @ DHSgov Blue Campaign Authorization Act of 2017 , aimed at c…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great news , as a result of our TAX CUTS & amp ; JOBS ACT ! https : //t.co/SLvhLxP3Jl
Today is # HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay . Here ’ s what @ robportman is doing to combat this crisis . https : //t.co/zS1ytYa0h3
🚨🚨 Today ’ s HUGE tax cut WIN 🚨🚨
https : //t.co/PzIl9je2me
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I want to thank my @ Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country . 2017 was a year of monumental achievement…
👏👏👏
https : //t.co/o6dKhabg1c
Because of tax cuts in Wisconsin :
✅ Bonuses for 2.7k AT & amp ; T employees
✅ Pay raises and bonuses for 3.5k Associated Bank employees
✅ Bonuses for 250 Americollect employees
Because of tax cuts in Florida :
✅ Bonuses for 14.5k AT & amp ; T employees
✅ Bonuses for 564 Bank of America financial centers
✅ Bonuses for 9 PNC wealth management offices
Because of tax cuts in Missouri :
✅ Bonuses for 9.4k AT & amp ; T employees
✅ Bonuses for 80 Bank of America financial centers
✅ Bonuses for 3.4k Commerce Bancshares employees
Because of tax cuts in Arizona :
✅ Bonuses for 1.8k AT & amp ; T employees
✅ Bonuses and 401k increases for all employees at Nationwide ’ s Scottsdale location
✅ Bonuses for 141 Bank of America financial centers
Because of tax cuts in Ohio :
✅ Bonuses and 401k increase for Nationwide ’ s 10k employees
✅ Bonuses for 6k AT & amp ; T employees
✅ Bonuses for 10 PNC wealth management offices
Because of tax cuts in Michigan :
✅ Bonuses for 7k AT & amp ; T employees
✅ Bonuses for 119 Bank of America financial centers
✅ Bonuses for 2.6k Fifth Third Bankcorp employees
Because of tax cuts in Nevada :
✅ Bonuses for all SW employees ( Las Vegas is SW ’ s 2nd top airport )
✅ Bonuses for 1.2k AT & amp ; T employees
✅ Bonuses for 62 Bank of America financial centers
Because of tax cuts in Pennsylvania :
✅Bonuses for Comcast employees ( the state ’ s 19th highest employer )
✅Bonuses for 62 Bank of America financial centers
✅Bonuses for PNC ’ s 20 wealth management offices
RT @ SpeakerRyan : NEWS→ By a vote of 415-2 , an overwhelming , bipartisan majority of the House just voted in support of the Iranian people's…
In case you missed it today :
@ realDonaldTrump signed an executive order to ensure vets have resources they need to transition back to civilian life
RT @ SenateRPC : Here ’ s a list of all the companies ( *so far* ) that have announced increases in employee compensation following the passage o…
RT @ VP : Wishing my friend @ SteveScalise all the best in his recovery . Karen & amp ; I are praying for you . We look forward to having you back in…
Thanks for the kind words , DNC . https : //t.co/Kxx5tOEVow
Just more evidence of @ realDonaldTrump delivering on his promise to tackle tough issues like immigration…
https : //t.co/HjqNCw65vK
Celebrate the first anniversary of @ realDonaldTrump ’ s historic inauguration with the President himself ! Enter the sweepstakes here ➡ https : //t.co/m5iBLDQphS https : //t.co/ZmJBLdQOzW
Today and every day , we ’ re grateful for the men and women who protect our communities .

RT if you stand with our law enforcement officers . # LawEnforcementAppreciationDay https : //t.co/526JaOdI60
“ There 's no task too great , no goal too large , no dream beyond our reach . We are witnessing a new era of patriotism , prosperity , and pride. ” - @ realDonaldTrump
Oh , say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave ? https : //t.co/5U8MDquTJ1
We need your input on commonsense immigration . Answer our survey here : https : //t.co/2pRpiAMMje https : //t.co/ROSLfldQU5
RT @ yrnf : Join the @ GOP to become a Fellow at the Republican Leadership Initiative -- and # LeadRight !

Learn data , digital , and building a…
. @ realDonaldTrump made sure to give the students in the audience a shout out in Tennessee today . https : //t.co/xYRHjV3SHm
Just going to leave this here…
https : //t.co/VCcCh0Hmaj
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Can ’ t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @ FarmBureau Federation ’ s Annual C…
RT @ SecretarySonny : Some of these young folks tell me they made our Twitter feed when we were Indianapolis for the @ NationalFFA convention.…
So what happened at Camp David this weekend ? https : //t.co/IziIV1YxNq
Today , @ realDonaldTrump will be the first sitting president in more than 25 years to address the American Farm Bureau Federation convention .
https : //t.co/ICKQpmobcm
🚨 Lowest number of regulations SINCE 2005 🚨
https : //t.co/ktKfaS3kpf
Be the change you wish to see in 2018 . Learn to # LeadRight at our National Day of Training on January 20 . RSVP today : https : //t.co/5V00RkrOv2 https : //t.co/4EdkdfmjV3
Thank you , @ nikkihaley and @ realDonaldTrump , for standing up to the U.N. ’ s anti-Israel bias .
https : //t.co/kwJULiWFeT
Quick recap . h/t @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/SH4kYhUIUb
Thanks to @ realDonaldTrump ,
❗U.S . labor market added 2 million jobs
❗Consumer comfort highest in over a decade
❗Unemployment rate at 17 year low
Ca n't stop , wo n't stop .
https : //t.co/WTE6xp2svQ
Less than 5 years ago , all 54 Democrats in the Senate voted to : double the length of a new border fence with Mexico , end the diversity visa lottery , spend $ 40B on border security , create “ merit-based ” visas and more . https : //t.co/sRoLV9Acce
THANK YOU @ POTUS AND CONGRESSIONAL REPUBLICANS ! https : //t.co/90cJjKZ8vD
⬇ Keep your eye on this . ⬇
https : //t.co/aaKuKSN0tJ
We hit a HUGE milestone in 2017 .
https : //t.co/NhOWYt0Qbg
. @ SBALinda and @ SBAgov loaned $ 1.7 billion to veterans in 2017 . Just one of the ways they 're helping veterans succeed in business . https : //t.co/UsBwGnwLVB
The reviews are in… https : //t.co/UNdkNbBEFF
RT @ FoxBusiness : US construction spending rises to record high in November https : //t.co/koQxO8Qv6Z https : //t.co/Xmu0fy8051
Jobs , Jobs , jobs !
https : //t.co/NAcuc6QCvw
It ’ s almost @ EricTrump ’ s birthday ! Make sure to sign his card and include your personal message here : https : //t.co/auugCIfoiF https : //t.co/wdQOglSxqo
RT @ IvankaTrump : DOW ABOVE 25,000 POINTS FOR THE FIRST TIME IN HISTORY
.
250,000 NEW JOBS ADDED IN DECEMBER , BEATING ESTIMATES
.
LAYOFFS LO…
RT @ NRSC : Not fake news : @ Sen_JoeManchin stood with Obama , but rejects @ realDonaldTrump . # WVSen https : //t.co/JrbLC5tolm https : //t.co/2rvc3P…
LOWEST . LEVEL . SINCE . 1990 .
https : //t.co/jCRuE0ILw7
RT @ josephlawler : At 6.8 percent , black unemployment reached the lowest rate on record in December https : //t.co/W3JluWp2tf
. @ realDonaldTrump ’ s growth agenda is working .

➡2 million jobs added in 2017 .
➡Unemployment the lowest it ’ s been in 17 years .
➡African-American unemployment lowest since 1972 .
➡Wages grew 2.5 % compared with a year ago .
Democrats are scared millenials will like seeing their taxes go down and like keeping more of their money . https : //t.co/ZGt0uUOKdU
. @ robportman on tax reform : This is going to result in American workers being more competitive everyday and foreign investors liking America better , basically America will be a better place to do business .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : RT if you agree with @ VP .
We will no longer be silent on Iran .
https : //t.co/KmnzRkyeBm
HISTORY MADE .
https : //t.co/KfhB8Mc7MC
Thousands of workers are ALREADY benefitting from tax reform
https : //t.co/kFmwAeNTrK
“ Give people more money . They ’ re actually going to do a lot more and better things with it than government will. ” - @ SteveScalise
https : //t.co/kNFqAZjwJj
RT @ PressSec : . @ VP : `` the Iranian people are once again rising up to demand freedom and opportunity , and under President Trump , the United S…
Boom indeed . # MAGA
https : //t.co/JLb8Ylj3U0
RT @ VP : This morning the stock market hit yet another historic high . It ’ s clear that @ POTUS Trump ’ s America First agenda is WORKING for the…
“ The world is watching . That ’ s the right message for Trump , and every other leader who cares about Iran ’ s future . ”
https : //t.co/7W9hyHYDZz
💪💪💪
https : //t.co/w8VKPHKcbs
. @ POTUS ’ s energy Executive Order :
✅Creates jobs
✅Strengthens the domestic industrial base
✅Reenergizes the U.S. mining industry
https : //t.co/V100QUyUSE
https : //t.co/EWKtIdAk42
“ So now , by their actions this week , today ’ s Republicans pay tribute to their great GOP predecessors , even as they have written their own chapter in an epic history . ”
https : //t.co/CzOTjZ5XYi
Fusion GPS was working on behalf of a Russian-linked oligarch with a questionable business background ... at the same time they were hired by the DNC .
https : //t.co/PgcNb5CYpX
New Year ’ s resolution for Democrats : Get a message
https : //t.co/B3INS9z8KR
Thank you , @ senorrinhatch , for your hard work , dedication , and leadership in the Senate . Congratulations on an incredible career . # utpol
https : //t.co/zZCTeSS3Lz
. @ POTUS ’ s legislative priorities for 2018 :
-Infrastructure
-Immigration
-Welfare reform
-Health care https : //t.co/wHfLM1s1Df
RT @ WhiteHouse : It 's 2018 and the Trump Administration is looking to build on a remarkable first calendar year in office . Check out a few o…
The Democrat 2020 hopefuls on protests in Iran : *crickets*
https : //t.co/qUMxkW4HXq
2018 is already off to a strong start .
https : //t.co/wXcFrRid1y
Here ’ s a sneak peek into the Trump administration ’ s 2018 agenda . ⬇ https : //t.co/w4ex9N9pzB
It only takes one choice to make a big change . Make your first move by joining your local community for the National Day of Training on January 20th . https : //t.co/Rxyvr9LnbA https : //t.co/SfR9rjG6fK
We asked our Facebook followers to share their New Year 's resolutions .

Here ’ s some of our favorite responses . https : //t.co/MrCvF0TxhG
Resolve to make a difference in your community this year . Join us for the National Day of Training on January 20th . https : //t.co/llTh7zCigB https : //t.co/1PQmX0IRlS
Happy New Year , friends ! https : //t.co/WuGghFYCG9
Rate the most Fake News stories of 2017 to help us crown the 2017 KING of Fake News Trophy winner .
https : //t.co/V8QJfDiBGr
https : //t.co/dlqfU2fder
https : //t.co/qlmyccEsYd
https : //t.co/K0jysALvvK
https : //t.co/27muQU6cjl
Agreed . https : //t.co/ClI5kGJ8Vd
If you 're a veteran who supports @ realDonaldTrump

1 . RT to show your support

2 . Get your FREE sticker ➡ https : //t.co/uyhMByHCDP https : //t.co/TW5DGIMiC4
Whether it ’ s taking care of our veterans or cutting taxes , @ realDonaldTrump is making America Great Again . Share your thoughts on his 2017 accomplishments here : https : //t.co/xEau8HyvCw https : //t.co/N8UtCNtGru
It ’ s been a historic first year for @ realDonaldTrump . Let us know how you ’ d rate President Trump ’ s inaugural year in office → https : //t.co/4hM2vrxF7d https : //t.co/gCX6ZNFapX
Veterans have an ally in the White House . Get your FREE @ realDonaldTrump sticker here : https : //t.co/uyhMByHCDP https : //t.co/TcSlIXzfwH
2017 was a record-breaking fundraising year thanks to the strong leadership of @ GOPChairwoman .
https : //t.co/x4X53JE1Jn
Whether it ’ s strengthening our borders or cutting burdensome regulations , @ realDonaldTrump is making America Great Again .

Share your thoughts on his 2017 accomplishments here : https : //t.co/v4E9nbQ6Rc https : //t.co/cpuYVlZdmy
If you 're a veteran who supports @ realDonaldTrump

1 . RT to show your support

2 . Get your FREE sticker ➡ https : //t.co/uyhMByHCDP https : //t.co/6SefIcFIfd
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Republicans are delivering on their promises and we 're ready for 2018. https : //t.co/TO8SVGMYM8
It ’ s been a historic first year for @ realDonaldTrump . Let us know how you ’ d rate President Trump ’ s inaugural year in office → https : //t.co/XPxwhfibf0 https : //t.co/orhUJnKNoS
# MAGA mornings . https : //t.co/eAnsuz0Db0
Wishing a very Merry Christmas to you and yours . https : //t.co/Nx6Zszc6Wd
That feeling when it 's Christmas Eve . https : //t.co/UYXsj1d9Fi
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Voters across the country saw @ realDonaldTrump and Republicans stand for them and fight for their interests with the GOP…
It ’ s the LAST day to sign the Official First Family Christmas card . Share your message here . https : //t.co/r7pCtBmQpx
Veterans have an ally in the White House . Get your FREE @ realDonaldTrump sticker here : https : //t.co/uyhMByHCDP https : //t.co/YT04D5ijQ7
Only 2 more days until Christmas ! https : //t.co/t61nIy0hGu
An incredibly moving moment from @ realDonaldTrump ’ s visit to Walter Reed last night .
https : //t.co/iLtYtCoKhp
. @ IvankaTrump encourages students to earn while they learn with apprenticeships . https : //t.co/WejOkNtO9a
RT @ VP : I know there are many faith traditions represented among our troops in Afghanistan . No matter their background & amp ; belief , I hope the…
Spread some Christmas cheer and share a personal message with the First Family by signing the Official First Family Christmas card .
https : //t.co/ZduMzeBvsG
`` The business reaction so far to the tax bill is starting to look like the ending of It ’ s a Wonderful Life . ''
https : //t.co/bEs16ojE4i
IT ’ S OFFICIAL ! Merry Christmas to ALL ! https : //t.co/ihjYfztHiP
Yesterday :
- @ realDonaldTrump visited injured soldiers at Walter Reed
- @ VP surprised troops in Afghanistan with a pre-Christmas visit
-General Mattis paid a holiday visit to troops at Guantanamo Bay
This admin is committed to honoring our nation ’ s bravest and keeping America safe .
Don ’ t miss @ GOPChairwoman ’ s interview with @ ErickaAndersen from @ BrightEmail ⬇
https : //t.co/qx24QE1cVs
Merry Christmas from the First Family to yours . https : //t.co/KkimkLrTwb
RT @ GOPChairwoman : We ’ re going to remind every voter that Republicans gave the American people a historic pay raise while Democrats stood i…
Get your calendars ready . @ RepKevinBrady explains the 3 most important dates for tax reform in 2018 . ⬇ https : //t.co/5ukhM0wBcW
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Signed . Sealed . And about to be delivered to the president 's desk . https : //t.co/3u2ST6ZSjT
That feeling when you make tax cuts happen . https : //t.co/9PJCvwNCKF
Show your Christmas spirit and share a personal message with the First Family by signing the Official First Family Christmas card . https : //t.co/gIQPKw899L https : //t.co/BtmonpNYof
. @ IvankaTrump : Raising children is a very important investment that we as a country can make in the future . This is the next generation of American workers , American entrepreneurs , and innovators . https : //t.co/DOzX4QbPMi
The United States government is answerable to its people . As such , we have an obligation to acknowledge when our political and financial capital is being poorly spent . We have an obligation to demand more for our investment. ” - @ nikkihaley
Democrats are being dramatic ( again ) , but Americans are already seeing real results from tax reform . https : //t.co/6MI79VLA1K
While the DNC had its worst November report in 10 years , @ GOPChairwoman had her 8th month of record-breaking fundraising .
https : //t.co/qOPQfTbLcS
Cutting taxes was a promise made , today it ’ s a promise kept . https : //t.co/z8dFPJV4fy
. @ realDonaldTrump just accomplished the largest overhaul of our tax system in over 30 years . Is this his biggest accomplishment yet ? Answer here . https : //t.co/Zav6BwLmkr
LAST CHANCE to get your official @ realDonaldTrump gear before Christmas . Shop now : https : //t.co/5n2sVVj6AJ https : //t.co/0guo8xr1kr
RT @ RNCResearch : CNN ’ s John King : The Republican tax bill gives working class families “ damn good money ” https : //t.co/xy8CwBfPYL https : //t.…
. @ SenateMajLdr delivered big time for Americans last night . More wins in 2018 !
https : //t.co/Ukk9U2Jqgw
We ❤ you too , @ senorrinhatch ! https : //t.co/6XwOfVrT7v
RT @ SteveScalise : In case you need proof that cutting taxes benefits American workers ↓ https : //t.co/H81wfdM1OA
RT @ GOPLeader : Now it ’ s official… # MAGA 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/NEnMlojGQH
. @ SenatorTimScott : It 's not about the left , it 's not about the right . It 's about single-parent moms who were looking for a reason to be hopeful in 2018 . This tax reform plan delivers for the average single mother a 70 % tax cut ...
Best . Christmas . Present . Ever .
https : //t.co/mprReheEXM
Take it from the guy who 's been working toward tax cuts for decades . h/t @ SpeakerRyan
https : //t.co/qKhRyluccb
NOW TO THE PRESIDENT 'S DESK ! https : //t.co/6KD9hmsws1
The moment the @ SenateGOP passed tax cuts . https : //t.co/qlO51HNNUG
You 've got to hear what @ SpeakerRyan said when asked about today 's vote . 😂 https : //t.co/hTaZvqDxKz
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Today Congress gave Americans a historic gift for Christmas : the biggest tax cut for the working class in a generation.…
18 states
145,000 phone calls
364,000 doors
# LeadRight on Tax Cuts
https : //t.co/urUUzeCZty
Here ’ s what @ SpeakerRyan said before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed the House ⬇ https : //t.co/ehcac9ULXC
On to the Senate !
https : //t.co/VknL4iakb1
RT @ RepKevinBrady : We did it ! The House has passed # TaxReform , one step closer to more jobs , bigger paychecks , and fairer taxes for America…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Thank you @ HouseGOP ! The Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act is off to the Senate and then the President ’ s Desk !
“ [ Dems ] should be banging down the door behind me to be part of this process & amp ; part of helping more Americans be more successful . This is a @ POTUS who 's leading on that . If they wanted to be part of that effort we certainly would welcome them to be part of the process. ” - @ PressSec https : //t.co/QQFJBcs24U
. @ HouseGOP and @ SenateGOP are delivering . Under this legislation , families across the country will see strong tax relief and simplification just as @ realDonaldTrump and congressional leaders promised .
https : //t.co/TU7lHegubi
Your tree could use some # MAGA .
Order today to get by Christmas .
https : //t.co/Ej2n2oimUa https : //t.co/A8po9YxSwu
Don ’ t miss your chance to send the First Family Christmas wishes . Sign their card here : https : //t.co/PFtxNcJX48 https : //t.co/qMWlU9J8hZ
RT @ CRNC : We want to pass tax reform so the next generation can get ahead , not get by ! Visit https : //t.co/zWjHxQoWTM & amp ; tell Dems you want # …
. @ realDonaldTrump : A nation that is not proud of its history can not be confident in its future . And a nation that is not certain of its values can not summon the will to defend them . Today grounded in these truths we are presenting to the world our new national security strategy .
For the first time ever , our national security strategy calls for construction of a southern border wall and the end of chain migration . https : //t.co/tq0hnP226V
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Protect the homeland .
Promote American prosperity .
Preserve peace through strength .
Advance American influence .
That ’ s A…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont , Washington . Thank you to all of ou…
“ Our government 's first duty is to its people , to our citizens — to serve their needs , to ensure their safety , to preserve their rights , and to defend their values. ” — President @ realDonaldTrump
Only 3 DAYS left to get your # MAGA gear by Christmas . Make sure you order today : https : //t.co/LM7EMpqGmR
No better Christmas gift than more money in your pocket .
https : //t.co/W0C9KOYQxi
RT @ SenJohnMcCain : Thanks to everyone for your support & amp ; words of encouragement ! I 'm feeling well & amp ; looking forward to returning to work af…
Democrats would rather stick to their partisan sparring than actually help Americans – and tax reform proved that .
https : //t.co/inVYfbWITE
. @ IvankaTrump reminded Americans about a very important thing when it comes to the tax bill . https : //t.co/ucB6U8oFUr
What could you do with an extra $ 2,000 in your pocket ? https : //t.co/80PDBlpe9z
ALL # MAGA HATS 25 % OFF TODAY .
🚨 Use code JOLLY at checkout . 🚨
Shop here : https : //t.co/mhlzzHNuTI https : //t.co/LawXtG75Ga
The majority of Americans support tax cuts and want to keep more of their hard-earned money . Find your Democrat senator 's information at https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy and call first thing Monday to demand tax cuts . https : //t.co/H2s7kdk7Pm
ALL # MAGA HATS 25 % OFF TODAY .
🚨 Use code JOLLY at checkout . 🚨
Shop here : https : //t.co/mhlzzHNuTI https : //t.co/diS1G1tDPJ
RT @ ChuckGrassley : On election night 2016 the stock mkt fell 700 pts PANIC SET IN . One year later markets hv added $ 6Trillion in value . Th…
. @ SecShulkin and the @ DeptVetAffairs are committed to ending veteran homelessness . https : //t.co/EO2k7NujbN
Merry Christmas , America ! https : //t.co/YFW6Y9UYNL
. @ FLOTUS helping out the Marines and Toys for Tots . https : //t.co/pfIcmevoGX
Deck the halls with lots of # MAGA . Get your own 🎄 ornament here : https : //t.co/WmPdoC2KaY https : //t.co/WshRUHiFDf
You can ’ t miss Craig ’ s inspiring story about how his life was turned around thanks to the @ DeptVetAffairs . https : //t.co/tVVbO3Cyqz
`` As a candidate I promised I would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working American families who are the backbone and heartbeat of our country . '' - @ realDonaldTrump
Just chipping away at Democrat rhetoric .
https : //t.co/7ONFfnz7VY
RT @ realDonaldTrump : You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE .

Thank you to our police , thank you to our sheriffs , and than…
Have you seen https : //t.co/zZfrUE32Zy yet ?
Watch @ RepKevinBrady shut down the biggest Democrat myth about tax cuts . https : //t.co/r5PBjirjwW
RT @ JusticeWillett : ( •_• )
& lt ; ) ) ╯HAPPY
/ \

\ ( •_• )
( ( & gt ; BILL OF RIGHTS
/ \

( •_• )
& lt ; ) ) & gt ; DAY !
/ \

The 1st 10 amendment…
Obama : 3
Trump : 12
Another record broken ✅
https : //t.co/KgmYn4Hsz6
RT @ SenateMajLdr : BREAKING ➡ the # Senate has confirmed the 12th @ POTUS Circuit Court nominee this year . https : //t.co/UIEpdPvS8f
. @ realDonaldTrump is delivering on his promise to restore American prosperity . 🇺🇸
https : //t.co/YDVaQVpPn8
“ Against a headwind of absurd falsehoods , Republicans have done well to get this far with tax reform . Now they must take the last few steps to the finish line and a successful end to the current congressional session . ”
https : //t.co/Oh9TOykZXm
⬇ In case you missed it ⬇
https : //t.co/rjkM7t1P9K
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Democrats will have a lot of explaining to do to their constituents as to why they did n't want middle class families to…
RT @ ohiogop : Want an extra $ 2,000 + per year ? Go to https : //t.co/2tX5ZAHBuk & amp ; then call @ SenSherrodBrown to tell him to stop obstructing yo…
`` Today 's call to action is about regaining our independence , reclaiming our heritage and rediscovering what we can achieve when our citizens are free to follow their hearts and chase their dreams . '' - @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/KRFY9WvYOy
Send @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS your Christmas greetings here : https : //t.co/j8FU7YOi8L https : //t.co/J6R7WufXnG
RT @ realDonaldTrump : As a candidate , I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday , working Americans . If you make your voice…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump is the Paycheck President . Learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket & amp ; how to contact…
You deserve a tax cut and more hard-earned money in YOUR pockets . Sign the petition if you agree . https : //t.co/VW6grQ4i2A https : //t.co/kPjsaOKxgh
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Our project shows families how to directly contact Democrat senators who are standing in the way of their increased payc…
🚨 https : //t.co/1FXBC6TpgJ 🚨
https : //t.co/ywmcvnPzea
. @ realDonaldTrump has cut the red tape of bureaucracy . Literally . https : //t.co/CMcZgjorRM
. @ nikkihaley called out Iran for blatantly undermining international agreements – and showed the evidence . https : //t.co/bvxpMeChLG
There ’ s an important link between robots , artificial intelligence , and… tax cuts .
https : //t.co/i2n8TD2tDd
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS & amp ; I met with @ OrrinHatch , @ RepKevinBrady & amp ; members of the Conference Committee working on the ‘ Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act ’ at the…
. @ MickMulvaneyOMB : We are getting out of the way . We are getting the federal government back to its core business and not injecting it into your life or business where it 's not supposed to be .
Have an extra one , @ PressSec ? https : //t.co/r4gY9KDYeB
Cutting regulations = a BIG win for you
https : //t.co/Uq8Cyk8W9i
RT if you want a tax cut for Christmas . https : //t.co/5l3FXBOnld
Not bad , huh ? https : //t.co/QSAVf8VbDi
Get your own # MAGA hat ornament here ➡ https : //t.co/I85kKjiJVJ https : //t.co/A1aaUVhAea
RT @ FLOTUS : Great day with military families at @ JBABdc as we sorted toys for children . Thank you to @ ToysForTots_USA for all that you do f…
This year Bryant and Ashley were in the 15 % tax bracket . Under our plan , they will drop to the 12 % bracket , be able to file their taxes on a single sheet of paper and save at least $ 600 .

Here ’ s what they had to say about it . https : //t.co/pW26dcZgNp
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ realDonaldTrump : I want to thank the incredible members of the House and Senate who have been working so hard . We 're c…
✅Good for small businesses .
✅Good for local economies .
✅Good for all Americans .
https : //t.co/MMJBOZUX4Y
RT @ AmericaFirstPol : We 're closing in on # taxreform⬇️

'Not since the roaring Reagan economy has small business optimism been as high as it…
RT @ SpeakerRyan : @ RepKristiNoem Watch here : LIVE on # Periscope https : //t.co/1xJUHXciMU
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act conferee @ RepKristiNoem and I will be taking your questions about # TaxReform live at 11:30am ET . Hope…
. @ RepKevinBrady : This is a historic day for the American people . They get to watch for the first time in 31 years a Conference Committee on tax reform open to the public that everyone can watch… https : //t.co/NJvlEnXlRB
Happy birthday , @ NationalGuard ! We are grateful to all the men and women who serve . Thank you . https : //t.co/Rv62a7bLfk
RT @ GOPChairwoman : While Democrats trip over themselves to re-litigate a year-old election , @ POTUS is doing his job . He was elected to the…
RT @ SpeakerRyan : ’ Twas the night before Taxmas…
https : //t.co/1qKD9vLGOW https : //t.co/muHGUBFM4a
From Maine to Wyoming , state leaders know we need tax cuts . https : //t.co/UizYlEOmdo
For middle class families and small businesses , tax cuts will be a clear win .
https : //t.co/sgeEMYg9nd
May the Festival of Lights bring you peace and hope . # HappyHanukkah https : //t.co/a0hA4cxou6
Thanks , DNC ! https : //t.co/qkZJTXmOw3
RT @ GOPChairwoman : “ While our Democrat counterparts use fearmongering , identity politics and empty promises to tout their ‘ support ’ from th…
. @ realDonaldTrump just signed the NDAA into law giving our troops their largest pay raise in 8 years .
Democrats are so desperate , they scored another 3 Pinocchios on their attack against @ HouseGOP .
https : //t.co/gCBZT0PClj
Forty-five years ago today , NASA ’ s final Apollo mission landed on the surface of the Moon . No human has walked there since . https : //t.co/H7Jgword0p
27 MORE TIMES
https : //t.co/IfJn9cnlHK
Optimism on the rise .
https : //t.co/zwqi8nSjtK
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Voters know this is the paycheck president . You ca n't ignore the fact that the economy is booming , the stock market is u…
# MAGA all year long . Get the Official 2018 calendar before they ’ re gone . https : //t.co/DGmv6MwjuK https : //t.co/g9RaVcrnrf
. @ PressSec : There 's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people .
Economy booming
Stock market up
Lowest unemployment rate in 17 years
@ realDonaldTrump is the paycheck president . https : //t.co/eTcVrvGjTR
Have you signed the First Family ’ s Christmas card yet ? https : //t.co/0axqVXwOsN https : //t.co/6FGUu9kqv9
RT @ FLOTUS : The effects of the hurricane season are still being felt & amp ; residents still need our help . As Christmas & amp ; the New Year approach , …
Apprenticeships let Americans earn while they learn . https : //t.co/CHphQtDdJw
Nicely done , @ indgop . 😂 https : //t.co/ePCjH8yBVm
RT @ GOPChairwoman : New Yorkers are resilient . Thank you to the first responders who took action this morning .
Did you get stocking stuffers yet ? https : //t.co/91n9a2E8GR https : //t.co/3aL4NfKzOf
RT @ KamilahPrince : Great # RLI training today at the @ NCGOP I love seeing so many people ready to engage in their communities ! # DoYourPart…
Republicans across the country packed hundreds of care packages to send to our troops this holiday season . # LeadRight # GOPVets https : //t.co/fJm1XmWKgo
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/WIENgsyhd6
South Dakota ’ s @ RepKristiNoem explains about how middle class families in her state will benefit from tax cuts ⬇ https : //t.co/ykLxiLsAkP
RT @ realDonaldTrump : “ The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1 % . The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6 % , the l…
Share your thoughts on our historic movement ’ s first year in the White House by taking the 2017 Accomplishment Survey today . https : //t.co/izteznPxLg
2️⃣ 0️⃣1️⃣7️⃣
-Passed $ 700-billion defense bill Liberating ISIS ’ capital
-Called on NATO allies to pay their fair share
-Ended Obama ’ s cold-shoulder policy toward Israel
-Designated North Korea as a state-sponsor of terrorism
2️⃣ 0️⃣1️⃣7️⃣
- $ 1.6 billion down payment passed to build the wall
-Border crossings at 45-year low
-Ended catch-and-release immigration policy
-Increased ICE raids on “ sanctuary cities ” across the US
-Cracked down on gangs like MS-13
2️⃣ 0️⃣1️⃣7️⃣
-Eliminated TPP
-Shrank the U.S. trade deficit
-Coal exports up 60 %
-Began renegotiations of NAFTA for better U.S. deal
-Introduced a trade policy agenda focused on American jobs
2️⃣ 0️⃣1️⃣7️⃣
-Appointed Justice Neil Gorsuch to SCOTUS
-Passed Tax Cuts and Jobs Act through the House
-Decertified the Iran Deal
-Cut two regulations for every new one
-Rolled back Obama Executive Orders
RT @ realDonaldTrump : This is your land , this is your home , and it 's your voice that matters the most . So speak up , be heard , and fight , fig…
“ [ Tax reform ] would be an ideal holiday present for the American people , who have had to live with an outdated , onerous and inefficient tax system for far too long . ”
https : //t.co/0edFiq0zZ8
RT @ SenateGOP : . @ SenateDems and @ SenSchumer used to support tax reform . https : //t.co/bC7QRgYi7A
Congrats , @ SecNielsen !
https : //t.co/sXTVv8YgW2
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Praying for California . https : //t.co/FmwvdlVVZf
RT @ IvankaTrump : The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped to 4.7 % - the LOWEST in the history of the United States . This Administration and @ …
Wish @ realDonaldTrump , @ FLOTUS , and the rest of the First Family a very Merry Christmas with a personal message here ➡ https : //t.co/0axqVXwOsN https : //t.co/GZLlplJz7R
RT @ PressSec : Such an honor to meet these American Heros @ WhiteHouse today . # PearlHarborRememberanceDay https : //t.co/IvC9JGs9lQ
Happy Friday ! https : //t.co/95YV3aA3tD
“ Passing tax reform would be a big win for Americans of every income level and walk of life . ”
https : //t.co/zCmoDuHHJW
Sending a big THANK YOU and wishing a very Merry Christmas to all those serving our country this holiday season !
https : //t.co/xMU37MqMyD
RT @ childrenshealth : We 're thrilled to welcome @ FLOTUS Melania Trump back to Children 's to spend time with our patients & amp ; families this aft…
Ring in the New Year with the Official Trump Calendar ! Get yours here ➡ https : //t.co/jzMnEmXelG https : //t.co/ZlVlw8osBj
A moment we ’ ll always remember . # HonorThem # PearlHarbor https : //t.co/W3nCaLGtv8
Promises made , promises kept .
https : //t.co/osebj4NRzF
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought…
`` Conversations have not been taking place because our partners on the other side of the aisle walked away from the table . '' - @ SpeakerRyan https : //t.co/SfAIqgglBQ
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Remember when Dems walked away from the table two weeks ago ? Here we go again… https : //t.co/D60oS3hJvi
Today , we salute the brave soldiers who valiantly answered the call to defend our shores & amp ; secure freedom around the world . They became the greatest generation of warfighters our country had ever known . We remain grateful for their sacrifice . # PearlHarbor https : //t.co/mTkbtThC0N
Check out some of our favorite moments from our Care Packages for the Troops event yesterday . 🎁 # LeadRight # GOPVets https : //t.co/5hWI8A3kaK
RT @ AZGOP : Learn more about our # Christmas Care Package drive tonight on @ TelemundoAZ ! 🎄🎄🎄 https : //t.co/f2qOwMhzUN
The @ HouseGOP just passed # HR38 :
☑ Will allow people to use permits for concealed carry handguns across states lines
☑ Will boost background check system
https : //t.co/6FPuJ9o9jj
We stand with Israel . RT if you agree . 🇺🇸 🇮🇱 https : //t.co/q0qB9c60B7
RT @ HouseJudiciary : The right to `` keep and bear arms '' is Constitutionally guaranteed .

# HR38 , the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act , simply…
“ Israel is a sovereign nation with the right like every other sovereign nation to determine its own capital. ” https : //t.co/DradWKdvVt
We stand with @ realDonaldTrump and Israel . Sign the petition to defend and protect our ally .
https : //t.co/mLpcob0fOd
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Join me this Friday in Pensacola , Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center ! Tickets : https : //t.co/zA7SGgWqBE https : //t.co/Q…
Less federal overreach restores power to local people . That ’ s exactly what @ realDonaldTrump is doing with his newest Executive Order .
https : //t.co/KCxXXtPRP3
RT @ RNCResearch : Just six months ago , Sen. Schatz ( D-HI ) voted to reaffirm the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 , which stated `` the United Stat…
# DemTaxScam gets called out for the lie it is
https : //t.co/utqhoX6aPi
Red-state Democrats voted against higher incomes and more job opportunities for their constituents when they voted against the tax bill .
Today we assembled care packages for our troops overseas this Christmas and one lucky troop will find a # MAGA hat signed by @ realDonaldTrump . # LeadRight # GOPvets https : //t.co/x1ghG9au0P
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Added a # MAGA hat signed by @ realDonaldTrump to my Christmas box for our troops . # LeadRight # GOPVets https : //t.co/IvPHa7…
There were some extra excited supporters welcoming President @ realDonaldTrump in Utah yesterday . https : //t.co/brp7iya8W0
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Congratulations to the new Secretary of @ DHSgov Kirstjen Nielsen !
We ❤ our troops . Today we ’ re collecting and wrapping presents for care packages to send to our brave heroes who are spending this holiday season away from their loved ones . # LeadRight # GOPVets https : //t.co/VfZ2jPbZMW
Merry Christmas to all , and to all a tax cut .
https : //t.co/tMOq4v0EYL
Utah ’ s @ GovHerbert debunks the 5 myths critics are using to blindly dispute President Trump ’ s order .
https : //t.co/YmwxEVZalS
Here ’ s what they ’ re saying about Tax Cuts 👇 https : //t.co/qt5eREv7ZU
With the @ HouseGOP vote , we 're one step closer to tax cuts for the middle class and relief for small businesses . https : //t.co/w0g1wn9Ace
The biggest winners of tax cuts ? Small businesses and families like yours .
https : //t.co/HO8joDqWSy
RT @ KellyannePolls : Record stock market highs AGAIN .

The new normal under @ POTUS and @ GOP Congress . https : //t.co/qREbS5OZp1
. @ RealDonaldTrump : I ’ ve come to Utah to take a very historic action to reverse federal overreach and restore the rights of this land to your citizens . https : //t.co/2ynMM9wvgw
RT @ bbyers0122 : Thank you to all those who donated items for our care packages for the Troops ! Thanks to @ GOPAllegheny for helping collect…
RT @ RobertBoam : Feels great to support out Troops this holiday season . # GOPVets # LeadRight https : //t.co/tDd9iWdlcM
RT @ mattmayberrynh : The # LeadRight crew at @ NHGOP boxing some great Christmas care packages for our troops thanking them for their service…
RT @ OtherDanCoats : So incredible to see the Vegas community come out to support our troops . To all the men and women serving overseas and t…
RT @ AZGOP : Support our troops and drop off the following items at AZGOP HQ between now and Dec 5th at 5PM : snacks , beverages , household ite…
RT @ NVGOP : Thank you to all the volunteers , Veterans , activists and supporters who are helping us show our troops how much we appreciate t…
“ This President has done more for security and public safety than any of the six presidents I ’ ve worked for . Just since his leadership in January , border crossings are at a 45-year low. ” https : //t.co/estBJb7Bf5
. @ POTUS action in Utah --
DOES NOT sell public lands wholesale , close parks , drill for oil in parks , leave tribal artifacts or fossils unprotected .
DOES correct federal overreach , prioritize public access , facilitate infrastructure upgrades , protect hunting & amp ; fishing rights .
. @ SecShulkin is seeing big improvements at the VA. https : //t.co/Y19g0xrhcp
RT @ NRSC : RT if you are ready for :
💵 More money in your pocket
📈 More jobs made in America
✅ Tax code that works for you
https : //t.co/Wx8F…
RT @ SpeakerRyan : From passing the Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act , to honoring our nation ’ s POW/MIA and giving troops their largest pay raise in 8 year…
It 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas . https : //t.co/ctrYZmwYlj https : //t.co/zm6cCHQBet
This is why you should be relieved Mick Mulvaney is in charge of the CFPB . https : //t.co/ggDoN7eHoo
RT @ SecondLady : Thank you to the American Bee Journal for highlighting the critical role bees play in our country 's agriculture . We love ha…
Did you hear about the ABC News bombshell that bombed ? https : //t.co/Zs64Ryx8Vu
Let ’ s make America safe again . Tell the Senate to build the wall . ⬇
https : //t.co/cWExGpiuTi
. @ SBALinda met with 450 small business owners in 25 states . She knows firsthand small businesses need tax cuts . https : //t.co/FUaqWbPSIB
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Thank you , Senate ! Your vote for the Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act brings us one step closer to much-needed relief for middle clas…
The Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act passed the Senate ! Americans are one step closer to tax relief . https : //t.co/rQqZW4MonI
RT @ FLOTUS : “ Today , on # WorldAIDSDay , we honor those who have lost their lives to AIDS , we celebrate the remarkable progress we have made i…
RT @ RNCLatinos : Chair @ RepLujanGrisham admitted the @ HispanicCaucus is focused on strategizing against @ POTUS , which comes at the expense o…
You voted to put American citizens FIRST . But we can ’ t do that until we end sanctuary cities . Step up and show your support .
https : //t.co/iN7Tuts4IM
The time is now . https : //t.co/jCbUMgc9qW
“ This makes common sense to the American people - that if someone has broken the law , is here illegally , comes back five times - that is why folks want the wall built . That 's why they want more agents at the border. ” https : //t.co/0RDwPvpKpP
Tax cuts and pro-growth policies will make it easier for every single American to prosper .
https : //t.co/VLBCYlwCST
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today is a day that I ’ ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG . It is one that you have heard me speak about…
Actual minorities are n't too happy with Warren claiming she 's Native American .
https : //t.co/qXhTXPyjoq
RT @ LogCabinGOP : Thank you to @ GOPChairwoman McDaniel and the @ GOP for your formal recognition and commemoration of Log Cabin Republicans a…
`` The status quo is utterly unsustainable . This legislation represents the best opportunity for changing course . ''
https : //t.co/C5uPUzU7oa
RT to thank President @ realdonaldtrump for donating his 3rd quarter salary to fight the opioid epidemic . https : //t.co/RIDXvb3E15
Join our state parties as they assemble care packages for our deployed troops spending this holiday season away from their loved ones . Find your local event here . # LeadRight https : //t.co/SS8kliyIUD https : //t.co/eLDGVsTHcq
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Breaking news → I have formally invited @ POTUS to deliver his first State of the Union address before a joint session of C…
Tax relief is near . Let the Senate know you ’ re ready for lower taxes and more jobs . Sign the petition today .
https : //t.co/sJ0LLF4SV7
Be a part of the movement . https : //t.co/C7entMQKag https : //t.co/iwqCSwbeV3
`` We 're going to be celebrating Merry Christmas again , and it 's done with a big , beautiful tax cut . '' - @ realDonaldTrump
`` Let me just say that comparing Ms. White to a horse , as one of our Democrat colleagues just did , to me is a new low . It 's disturbing , it 's demeaning , and it 's dehumanizing . '' - @ SenJohnBarrasso
https : //t.co/gvpYdqPHd4
It ’ s been proven : tax cuts work .
✅Bush ’ s tax cuts created 7.8 million jobs .
✅Reagan ’ s tax cuts created 14.8 million jobs .
✅Kennedy ’ s tax cuts 12.0 million new jobs .
. @ realdonaldtrump : The single most important investment our nation can make is in our children . https : //t.co/m6yveaGiJp
Here ’ s what to expect in @ realdonaldtrump ’ s tax cuts speech in Missouri today . https : //t.co/0EjtWoxOti
📈Rise in business investments
💼Healthy job market supporting consumer spending
👍Economy growing at fastest rate in 3 years
# MAGA
https : //t.co/CT55muaWF7
Contact The New York Times , 844-698-6397 , and let them know how you feel about their liberal bias . https : //t.co/2K9IXMQPOz
RT @ JohnCornyn : She would pay zero income tax , receive a doubling of standard deduction and a $ 2000 child tax credit under Senate bill http…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Democrats want to raise your taxes and then spend your money . Republicans want to cut your taxes and let you spend your…
Here ’ s what you should know about the CFPB and why it ’ s good news that Mick Mulvaney is now in charge .
https : //t.co/cEB1KilazA
. @ SenatorTimScott gets it . https : //t.co/4D0RNFrYVv
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Will Democrats keep their promise to Americans ?
https : //t.co/qMVXIWiT5Q
Recap of today 's meeting at the White House . https : //t.co/6BRyRJh2jH
. @ JohnCornyn : This is for the doers and the dreamers and the hard working American families who want a piece of the American dream . This is our opportunity . This is our moment to deliver to them an opportunity then to pursue their dreams . https : //t.co/sl1lK1cMiT
A reminder of all the times Chuck and Nancy blasted the same political tactics they ’ re engaged in now . ⬇ https : //t.co/1uzCjQxmD8
❤❤❤ https : //t.co/WIHJHGqFLm
Don ’ t miss Senator @ tedcruz and @ SenatorTimScott talking tax cuts tonight .
https : //t.co/9Rlb9pr56S
One step closer to tax cuts .
https : //t.co/HH9eE0oZKM
It ’ s # GivingTuesday ! Today and every day , let us unite as Americans in selflessness , compassion , and giving . https : //t.co/h2zq8Wqye6
. @ JohnCornyn : We need the economy to grow again , we need to get middle class taxpayers some additional take home pay , improve their standard of living , and we need to get competitive in a global economy…
A Wisconsin Plant Manager shares why tax cuts are so important to hardworking Americans 👇
https : //t.co/wdXtnLl9hH
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Americans need these tax cuts . If Democrats are serious about bringing much needed relief to the American people , they w…
RT @ SpeakerRyan : We have important work to do . There is a meeting at the White House this afternoon , and if Democrats want to reach an agre…
RT if you love @ FLOTUS too !
https : //t.co/9TPxqMhzGG
Ways tax reform will boost the economy :
✅Reduce corporate taxes
✅Lower individual tax rates
✅Confirm a pro-growth objective
https : //t.co/DtUR6H8u4L
RT @ SenateMajLdr : This week , the # Senate will continue our years-long efforts toward # taxreform . Under the leadership of Chairman @ senorrin…
RT @ FLOTUS : The decorations are up ! @ WhiteHouse is ready to celebrate ! Wishing you a Merry Christmas & amp ; joyous holiday season ! https : //t.co/…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Senate Democrats once praised Obama ’ s unconstitutional recess appointment of a CFPB Director , but now they are up in arm…
2003 : Sen. Debbie Stabenow introduced legislation expanding the Child Tax Credit
Today : Not supporting Republican tax bill that would expand the Child Tax credit .
2010 : Sen. Bill Nelson introduced legislation expanding the Child Tax Credit
Today : Not supporting Republican tax bill that would expand the Child Tax credit .
June 2017 : Sen. Sherrod Brown introduced legislation expanding the Child Tax Credit
Today : Not supporting Republican tax bill that would expand the Child Tax credit .
Senate Democrats Then : We must expand the child tax credit !
Senate Democrats Now : Nevermind .
You deserve to bring home more of your hard-earned money . That ’ s why @ RandPaul and the Senate Republicans are ready to deliver tax relief .
https : //t.co/hjKAg1v7uC
. @ SenJohnThune : Our businesses are not competitive today . If we want to get the economy going at a faster rate , better paying jobs , raising wages in this country , we need to get this tax bill across the finish line .
RT @ PressSec : Economists : How tax reform will lift the economy , boost GDP 3 % to 4 % long term https : //t.co/iEFHFfW3B2
. @ GOPChairwoman on tax cuts : I do think ultimately Republicans are going to come together .
https : //t.co/BFRYdHyjVi
Did you miss the Black Friday Sale at the @ realDonaldTrump store ? We ’ ve got you covered . Just use the coupon code : MOREGIVING this # CyberMonday for 30 % off . https : //t.co/JWxxtuCamW https : //t.co/EuN83wwxJ6
RT @ GOPChairwoman : There ’ s a clear need to reform our overly burdensome and complex tax code , and there are clear benefits of the House and…
EXPIRING AT MIDNIGHT : Get 30 % off the entire @ realDonaldJTrump store with code GIVING before coupon expires tonight . Shop here ➡ https : //t.co/6cG7etmV3D
“ He ’ s on a mission to re-engineer the agency ’ s culture by returning power to states and away from the Washington bureaucrats and coastal elites he said have led it astray . ”
https : //t.co/RTIHcIAWHT
Headline says it all ⬇
https : //t.co/BG3o4GC1vT
RT @ FoxNewsSunday : . @ SenJohnThune on tax reform ’ s fate in the Senate : I believe it will pass ... our goal is to deliver important tax relief…
Get the # MAGA HAT that ’ s making news . Take 30 % off at checkout with the coupon code GIVING . https : //t.co/8gP9jtfl9z https : //t.co/1ozToBF7Lg
Tax relief is near . Let the Senate know you ’ re ready for lower taxes and more jobs . Sign the petition today . https : //t.co/BtsFdLEala
We ❤ @ VP and his commitment to our troops !
https : //t.co/O2CX7DhT6F
On # SmallBusinessSaturday we celebrate small business owners who are the backbone of the American economy . A lower corporate tax rate will allow them to hire more workers , offer higher wages , and continue to invest in communities .
Jobless claims ⬇
Unemployment rates ⬇
https : //t.co/Q2AwXnqIwh
Thankful for our incredible men and women who serve our country so selflessly .
https : //t.co/0SzvKIlZfK
RT @ realDonaldTrump : My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @ USCG , at the Lake Worth Inlet Station , in Riviera Beach , F…
The Collectible # MAGA hat Christmas ornament is 30 % off today with the code GIVING . https : //t.co/7iFffnw6O7 https : //t.co/NakifNOilG
All 2017 Inauguration memorabilia is 30 % off today with the code GIVING . https : //t.co/IeaDAz7wtV https : //t.co/AerdpnH7Zh
All # MAGA hats are 30 % off today with the code GIVING . https : //t.co/YWzsPBtKvt https : //t.co/mpcT2jcFXR
The @ realDonaldTrump Official Presidential Medal is 30 % off today with the code GIVING . https : //t.co/zf2tamXb5C https : //t.co/Qxsp7KKvht
🚨 HUGE SALE TODAY . 🚨 Use coupon code GIVING for 30 % off the entire @ realDonaldTrump store . https : //t.co/IeaDAz7wtV https : //t.co/UXhZ7VK3t5
The # MAGA Morning Mug is 30 % off today with the code GIVING . https : //t.co/rUNeY5NSn3 https : //t.co/4zmgr73YK4
We asked our Facebook followers to share what they ’ re most thankful for . Here ’ s some of our favorite responses . https : //t.co/c1QgNctaxD
RT @ realDonaldTrump : HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! https : //t.co/nQhi7XopMW
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Happy # Thanksgiving ! As we gather with loved ones to celebrate the spirit of the season , we reflect on our many blessing…
May you enjoy the warmth of this season as you gather with loved ones today . # HappyThanksgiving https : //t.co/sMXCQbzTmr
Don ’ t miss your chance to have breakfast with @ realdonaldtrump ! Enter here :
https : //t.co/UqSyxosKZM https : //t.co/96aiBAtKy7
RT @ StephGrisham45 : Post # Christmas tree arrival sneak peek ! # BlueRoom 🌲 https : //t.co/PkmvxGdLDt
⬇ In Case You Missed It ⬇
https : //t.co/Y177ynZyl1
Tax relief is near . Let the Senate know you ’ re ready for lower taxes and more jobs . Sign the petition today . https : //t.co/4DxpIaeOl5
. @ POTUS : I would also like to express my thanks to the wonderful citizens of our country , the people who ... make this amazing land into our national home . https : //t.co/RRIAEPsBGW
RT @ PressSec : We had a surprise visitor in my office today and got to live a real life version of an episode of the “ West Wing ” . https : //t.…
Be a part of our grassroots movement # MAGA → https : //t.co/NflACi76yF
https : //t.co/tObOkUbFju
# TurkeyPardon 2017
https : //t.co/CGWwPBTGNg
. @ POTUS : I want to wish the American people a truly happy and blessed Thanksgiving , especially to our brave men and women serving in our military .
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you Silent Night Evergreens in Wisconsin for our beautiful tree ! @ POTUS , Barron & amp ; I are excited for Christmas in our new…
. @ POTUS has pledged to avoid the mistakes of his predecessors and stop North Korea from amassing a nuclear arsenal .
https : //t.co/ZREFSM57De
While the DNC just posted its worst October of fundraising in at least 15 years , nearly 60 % of the GOP ’ s ( record ) $ 113 million raised in 2017 came from grassroots supporters .
https : //t.co/LcLVH1oXrQ
Democrats don ’ t let facts get in the way of criticizing tax cuts .
https : //t.co/ialJbAmxcP
Today , @ PressSec asked the members of the @ WhiteHouse Press Corps to share what they were thankful for before asking questions , but here 's what she said first . # Thanksgiving https : //t.co/QO7s9EfkHg
Time is running out . Make sure you ’ ve entered for your chance to win breakfast with @ realDonaldTrump .
https : //t.co/4dLyfARKPn
Progressives are finally getting called out . They claim to shun big banks , but their policies actually act as sponsors . https : //t.co/RtIHR972YR
. @ realDonaldTrump is investing in our communities to make America safe again .
https : //t.co/omVI2wa3jD
⬇ @ WSJ says “ Trump administration is one of the most pro-business in recent memory. ” ⬇
https : //t.co/Ko85v4aue6
CNN brought in real Americans to talk about @ realDonaldTrump and here ’ s what they had to say . https : //t.co/wFQzyHwaDg
“ This is not about a win for the President , this is about the forgotten man and forgotten woman…this is for them. ” - @ KellyannePolls https : //t.co/dhdMTLwHjU
American families won big this week . https : //t.co/4uNopAI6Bn
Have you ever had a Big League breakfast ? Here 's your chance : https : //t.co/PzJDD65PKQ https : //t.co/kheKROcjtN
It 's not just a tax cut , it 's a promise kept .
https : //t.co/cJpjvMTHMt
. @ POTUS feels confident about his trip to Asia . You should too .
https : //t.co/lIYI2XSEcH
For a group that prides itself on diversity , we now know this does not apply to diversity of thought . The Hispanic Caucus 's blockade against @ RepCurbelo is n't right .
https : //t.co/844VTRcqQN
Make Christmas Great Again . # MAGA 🎄 https : //t.co/lNkzvAN4uJ 🎄 https : //t.co/YuhAacw4Jt
NEW RECORD : Unemployment rate at all time low in 13 states .
https : //t.co/y2KbUBBxNz
. @ SpeakerRyan breaks down the importance of tax cuts for you and your family . https : //t.co/LUNcvv0emn
RT @ SenatorTimScott : Our # TaxReform bill , the # TaxCutsandJobsAct , is a good deal for hardworking Americans . Take a look at tax cuts for fol…
How many Democrats will back down on their Bill Clinton association after the reckoning ?
https : //t.co/ZfQGAAAZiU
This headline = 💯
https : //t.co/jiJVuahe1Y
Sen. Gillibrand wasn ’ t quite as disgusted with Bill Clinton *before* her 2020 aspirations…
https : //t.co/mg3Ei9SxLI
Once upon a time Democrats supported key parts of the Republican tax plan… https : //t.co/aOofkqqjm7
RT @ VP : As I told the @ TaxFoundation , 227 members of Congress took a historic first step to tax reform . We can ’ t afford to let up and slow…
RT @ GOPSenFinance : BREAKING : Senate Finance Committee advances tax overhaul package , another step closer to delivering middle-class tax rel…
. @ OrrinHatch sets the record straight about the Republican tax plan . 🔥🔥🔥 https : //t.co/EMWWbQ1b14
. @ SpeakerRyan : This is about giving families who are struggling , peace of mind . It 's about getting this economy to grow faster so we get bigger wages , more jobs , and we put America in the driver 's seat in the global economy once again . https : //t.co/zn9m4bLx5e
RT @ VP : GREAT DAY for the American people – as @ POTUS said , this `` is a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic tax cuts…
. @ SenatorTimScott gets straight to the point on cutting taxes . https : //t.co/v6hxAG539I
RT @ SteveScalise : I applaud the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act . This is a huge win for American families ! https : //t.co/aNXHFWJK56
RT @ IvankaTrump : Congratulations to the House on passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act bill . This brings us one step closer to making historic…
RT @ RepKevinBrady : With President @ realDonaldTrump by our side , we will pass the # TaxCutsAndJobsAct and deliver transformational # taxreform…
🚨HOUSE PASSES TAX REFORM BILL ; ONE STEP CLOSER TO MIDDLE CLASS TAX CUTS 🚨 https : //t.co/XUtByHR7RM
RT @ SpeakerRyan : It is time that the general interests of the hardworking taxpayers prevail over the special interests in Washington . https…
RT @ HouseGOP : BREAKING NEWS → The bill is PASSED . The Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs act will deliver MAJOR tax relief to families all across this nation.…
. @ GOPChairwoman on @ HouseGOP Tax Cuts and Jobs Act . https : //t.co/jR4Px7F579
RT @ RepKristiNoem : Watching Speaker Ryan ’ s closing argument on tax reform with my staff . So much work has gone on behind the scenes to make…
. @ HouseGOP is doing its job so small businesses can do theirs .
https : //t.co/5ZG7BWcsde
And a big day for Americans ! https : //t.co/mAloioHrtc
. @ POTUS : Over the last two weeks , we have made historic strides in reasserting American leadership , reawakening American confidence . Everywhere we went , I reaffirmed our vision for cooperation between proud , independent , and sovereign countries . https : //t.co/7h4sTVnetI
RT @ NRSC : . @ SenateDems tried to lie about tax relief . The four Pinocchio 's wo n't let them forget . https : //t.co/VUJHCwTDxR https : //t.co/rFLU…
And they wonder why @ realDonaldTrump calls it # FakeNews . https : //t.co/dywKrlSRWC
. @ SpeakerRyan : The whole purpose of this is to take away loopholes and just give everybody a general tax cut . https : //t.co/RizrOPXLEM
. @ POTUS : Once again , our country is optimistic of the future , confident in our values , and proud of our history and role in the world . I want to thank every citizen of this country for the part you have played in making this great American comeback possible .
You ’ ve got a friend in @ realDonaldTrump . https : //t.co/2odDDgOfqW
Did you get the word yet ? President @ realDonaldTrump is hosting a Christmas Breakfast and is inviting one lucky winner to join him .

Enter for your chance to win here : https : //t.co/c9M0rrkzJu https : //t.co/55MGJCynJe
. @ IvankaTrump 's push to expand the child tax credit is a win for American families .
https : //t.co/MBP18Omd6M
RT @ VP : Heading to Texas w/ @ SecondLady to meet w/ @ GovAbbott & amp ; @ FEMA officials for updates on Hurricane Harvey relief efforts . Then speaki…
The impressive credentials of @ POTUS ’ s judicial nominees are obvious . Democrats are obstructing for no reason other than partisan politics .
https : //t.co/UG6lF458ja
RT @ FoxNews : . @ SpeakerRyan on the # GOP tax plan : “ The whole point of this is to make the system fairer and simpler , and to lower those tax…
Here 's what @ realDonaldTrump had to say about his trip to Asia as he headed home on Air Force One . https : //t.co/uKSwZo0LoM
. @ GOPLeader : We ’ re united going forward . We ’ re giving tax cuts , creating jobs , we ’ re making America more competitive .
It ’ s time for a simpler tax code , more jobs , and competitive businesses . RT if you agree ! https : //t.co/tKHJJvZ7nH
Don ’ t miss our favorite moments from # POTUSinAsia .
https : //t.co/392zD09PNT
RT @ PRyan : Tune in to @ FoxNews tonight at 5:30 CT and watch my town hall that will explain how # TaxReform will help middle-class Americans…
We have a President who loves our country and listens to Americans . Share your thoughts with him here . https : //t.co/ZJJqqOXso9
GOP tax reform plan will cut your taxes and simplify the process so you can spend less time preparing taxes and keep more of your hard-earned money .
https : //t.co/Z4S5NBMJR6
. @ RepKevinBrady : I strongly believe Americans are far better off under tax reform than they ever would sticking with this old messed up , outdated tax code .
Thank you to all of our Veterans . It was a privilege to celebrate you this Veterans Day .
https : //t.co/Rpb2a3bNSo
RT @ RandPaul : Kelley and I want to thank everyone once again for your thoughts and prayers for my recovery . While I ’ m still in a good deal…
. @ IvankaTrump : This deregulation philosophy coupled with tax reform is going to have an enormous impact on GDP growth . https : //t.co/aO0NTEZ6VQ
. @ SenRobPortman : Too many families are facing the middle-class squeeze of stagnant wages and higher cost of living . Smart , pro-growth tax reform is key to getting those wages up .
https : //t.co/XTjEN2koDH
. @ POTUS has made our heroes his priority . https : //t.co/FaWTDF432Q
. @ SenateGOP is cutting taxes for the middle class and the numbers speak for themselves .
https : //t.co/eBdO6xGzMi
Breakfast with @ realDonaldTrump ? Now is your chance to win : https : //t.co/7Xk9c2Q3Eu https : //t.co/mQXt1chMcm
. @ POTUS is uncovering the years of scandals at the VA by initiating critical reforms . A grateful nation must ensure that our veterans are properly recognized for their service and sacrifice .
Send your hero a sticker for free ➡ https : //t.co/L172G22yTw # VeteransDay https : //t.co/qCUsklGUJd
Under the leadership of @ SecShulkin , the VA is undergoing essential reforms necessary to care for our nation ’ s bravest . https : //t.co/meebzMWU1o
To all who have served , we salute you today - and every day .

Thank you for your sacrifice , strength , and courage . https : //t.co/uMQTtnLATY
“ We will not rest until all of America ’ s great veterans can receive the care they so richly deserve . Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time. ” – @ realDonaldTrump
Want one ? https : //t.co/wvHpWoY5WX https : //t.co/FCTyAFrTLT
RT @ GOP : If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co…
Don ’ t believe the liberal myths about tax cuts . Get the facts ⬇️
https : //t.co/rsYZpGRGs6
Every day , we lose 20 veterans to suicide . We need to # BeThere for our nation 's heroes . https : //t.co/ZXBz6VBnhA
RT @ SteveScalise : I challenged @ SamsPressShop to a scooter race .

Here 's what happened next . https : //t.co/qcK2fZhRuu
RT @ VP : As the father of a Marine , I 'm proud today to honor the @ USMC on 242 years of defending our freedom and this nation and helping to…
✅Tax cut legislation through House @ WaysAndMeans
✅ @ SenateGOP tax bill introduced
✅Tax relief for Americans on the way
. @ MickMulvaneyOMB : The principles are straightforward . @ POTUS wants lower taxes for hard workers and he wants it to be easier for them to pay their taxes . https : //t.co/4YmTtXrdpt
On this day 28 years ago , Ronald Reagan 's call to tear down the Berlin Wall was answered . # WorldFreedomDay https : //t.co/jdYMRnuWax
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Our approach for 2018 ?

Game on . 💪

https : //t.co/kt2wx8Muup
. @ SenJohnThune : Most of Americans have n't had a pay raise for the better part of the last decade so it 's time to change that . We think we have to have the right incentives in place and we believe this bill will accomplish that .
Republicans are ready to give Americans a tax break . https : //t.co/U8C0dEGSqr
RT @ GOP : One year ago , @ POTUS , thanks to supporters like you , shocked the world . Sign the official One Year Anniversary Card . https : //t.co/…
If you haven ’ t seen @ realDonaldTrump ’ s granddaughter sing to President Xi , take a look .
https : //t.co/y1lBcgzE1B
RT @ HurdOnTheHill : Coding is the language of the 21st century . If our kids do n't speak it , they 're going to be left behind # STEMday https : /…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to all of the ” DEPLORABLES ” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE ( 304-227 ) Electoral Colle…
Promises made , promises kept . # MAGA https : //t.co/iArOjaUjxS
One year later and @ POTUS is making America great again .

✅Renewed American strength
✅ISIS on the run
✅War on coal is over
✅Originalists back in Federal Courts
✅More secure borders

Next up : historic tax cuts !
https : //t.co/1ATLs8t8Gv
. @ RepKristiNoem : By eliminating the Death Tax , we ’ ll eliminate one of the most unfair , un-American taxes on the books . https : //t.co/KRbkaAqecM
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past ... .and you will doubt it no longer…
One year ago , @ POTUS , thanks to supporters like you , shocked the world . Sign the official One Year Anniversary Card . https : //t.co/cgvjeRMeXD https : //t.co/lu0IeJTGVx
One year ago , YOU WON . https : //t.co/U7O06I2tpD
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Two blue states stayed blue , that doesn ’ t change the support we ’ ve seen nationwide for @ POTUS . Our unprecedented fundrai…
New details on Fusion GPS ’ s close ties to Russia ⬇
https : //t.co/58ybdztHoQ
RT @ sendavidperdue : Special thanks to @ KellyannePolls & amp ; @ stevenmnuchin1 for participating in our tax event today . It 's critical that we get…
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS arriving in Seoul , South Korea . # POTUSinAsia https : //t.co/V2cgK8mUDL
RT @ DonaldJTrumpJr : VA , the future of the Commonwealth is at stake
GET OUT & amp ; VOTE TODAY
Find your polling place at https : //t.co/j7EyqNhth4…
DNC Chair : “ The RNC had invested significant amounts of money in technology and they beat us at our own game… '' h/t : @ RNCData https : //t.co/cnxOQmivcs
RT @ NJGOP : It 's Election Day ! Make a plan , pick a time , and get to the polls before 8PM ! # NJGOP https : //t.co/iVOXAXlWzh
RT @ VA_GOP : POLLS are open until 7PM . Don ’ t know where to vote ? Check this list and GOTV for our GOP Ticket # TurnVARed # VAGov https : //t.co/…
RT @ PAGOP : It 's 7 am ! Polls are open ! # VOTE # LeadRight # 7for7in17

Find your polling location : https : //t.co/6MpLOVy2IJ
RT @ LeavittCS : Game day ! @ EdForVirginia https : //t.co/JCF3KpbQKA
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Franklin , such a great photo .

HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father , @ BillyGraham ! https : //t.co/l0c7RvvOa1
. @ GOPChairwoman knocked doors for @ EdWGillespie ahead of today 's big election . # VaGov
https : //t.co/uhySoKt1Ws
It ’ s # ElectionDay in
✅ Virginia
✅ Pennsylvania
✅ New Jersey
Find your polling location at https : //t.co/W5YAvyB4mo https : //t.co/KaytIFCndW
One big reason you should care about business tax reform : bigger paychecks
https : //t.co/rno3CbVXjc
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The state of Virginia economy , under Democrat rule , has been terrible . If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow , it will come…
Dems once supported tax cuts but now oppose them solely for political reasons ...
https : //t.co/JljAWczjTf
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Knocking doors for @ edwgillespie with the team in Virginia today . Find your polling place at https : //t.co/JAcSiLBZKy . ht…
RT if you think a convicted felon does not belong in the U.S. Senate
https : //t.co/NOVwzFp5Qt
Affording a family is difficult . @ marcorubio explains why cutting taxes is the answer to easing the burden .
https : //t.co/sM22qoiwNT
Some wonderful moments with @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS in Japan . # POTUSinAsia https : //t.co/38ZH4A7jdD
. @ POTUS : In dark times , and these are dark times , Americans do what they do best , we pull together .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Brokenhearted to hear of the tragedy in Texas . My heart goes out to all the families affected .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs , Texas . The FBI & amp ; law enforcement are on the scene . I am monitoring the…
More money into family budgets and incentives for businesses to invest in job creation . That 's the GOP tax plan . https : //t.co/qdITnO1sdA
Did you take this week 's Presidential approval poll ? Submit your response here : https : //t.co/ZUNx2rHrbD https : //t.co/kMpNxzVdsI
You work long hours , weekends , and overtime . With tax cuts , you will keep more of your hard-earned paycheck .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Important stop to talk with our troops . @ realDonaldTrump honors those that serve .
https : //t.co/7G08vOo1k4
Listen to what inspired @ RepKristiNoem to champion the GOP tax cut plan . https : //t.co/nK7H5Y5Vj6
For every income level , there ’ s a tax cut . That means hardworking Americans , like you , can take home more of your paycheck .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Today is the National Day of Action for @ GOP . Our RLI fellows are a huge part of our success . Thank you for all your har…
RT @ jessisrad86 : Great message from @ GOPChairwoman # LeadRight # WeAreTheField https : //t.co/uKp1uGeJxn
RT @ KamilahPrince : Knocking doors and collecting petition signatures in support of Tax Reform ! # LeadRight # supporttheplan # TaxReform https : …
RT @ avaldezdarnell : That ’ s about 30 new volunteers getting trained up and ready to hit the doors . Great work @ jessisrad86 and Team NV ! # NDO…
RT @ AnglinBraden : Great group of people came out for National Day of Action . # LeadRight # RepublicanLeadershipInitiative # RLI https : //t.co/e…
RT @ RNCLatinos : El @ GOP en Texas está ayudando los participantes de la Iniciativa de Liderazgo Republicano ( RLI ) . # LatinoAndRepublicano # Le…
RT @ AZGOP : We ’ re out in Lake Havasu City grilling up a storm ahead of National Day of Action ! # OneYearToVictory # LeadRight https : //t.co/CcD…
RT @ NVGOP : So proud of our team ! More than 450 trained volunteers . . . and counting ! # LeadRight # WeAreTheField https : //t.co/eK6FYGmOW0
RT @ carter4ed : # Leadright If you abbreviate Election Day it will tell you who to vote for ED ! It ’ s only right ✔️ @ EdForVirginia @ JohnAdams…
RT @ justonjohnson : . @ DDay86 & amp ; @ elliott_echols are two of the best in the biz . Glad they 're on my team . Finish strong fellas ! # LeadRight htt…
RT @ Jesus_USA : Thank you Texas State University College Republican President Alec Garza for helping us host an RLI training at your campus ! …
RT @ _PeterHolland : Beautiful day to knock on some doors ! # LeadRight # TaxReform # RLI https : //t.co/OZFaCdle8u
RT @ carrieatucker : Happy Birthday Diana ! Such a great way to spend your birthday knocking doors for our National Day of Action ! That 's dedi…
RT @ Maura_Gillespie : Every call you make , every door you knock , every tweet you RT : every single thing you do makes a difference ! # Ed4VA 🇺🇸…
Another myth about the GOP tax plan is busted .
https : //t.co/F152iT8LiQ
. @ RepRonEstes : The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will fix our bureaucratic tax nightmare and puts families first again . https : //t.co/27qwuRkEjR
Tax cuts are for YOU . It ’ s that simple . https : //t.co/ZjviJnrqAh
RT @ TCDickens : To the doors ! ! # LeadRight https : //t.co/NsorKEtz3e
RT @ McKenzieAlli : The Robinson crew is ready to roll ! Let 's knock some doors ! # LeadRight # VoteRed # VotePatricia # TaxReform https : //t.co/mG3…
RT @ RNCData : Team RNC Data out knocking doors for @ EdWGillespie # LeadRight # SaturdaysAreForTheDoors https : //t.co/HfU1PkBJq8
RT @ BrandonZanon : Snowstorms & amp ; 5 Deg , The # trumptrain does n't stop . We are learning to # leadright in our communities better for # NDOA https…
RT @ FFCR : @ mikemears is teaching us how to # LeadRight ! # FallConference # EnrichFFCR # FFCR 🐘🇺🇸 https : //t.co/ewKfgdKQ4b
RT @ JonStaab : Awesome crowd in # MN hearing from our @ GOPChairwoman and ready to # LeadRight 🚂💨🇺🇸🙌🏻 @ Kdpoindexter # MAGA https : //t.co/At5DlV5b…
RT @ jadabuare1 : Learning how to build a stronger community with conservative values with this awesome team

# Conservative # LeadRight https : …
RT @ MarkusofIrelius : `` Can I count on your help during 2018 ? '' 🐘🇺🇸🔥 # LeadRight https : //t.co/AJ3xQlzvPh
RT @ mhuckleby1 : Getting started in Marion County this morning with our first Republican Leadership Initiative Training ! @ IndyGOP @ indgop # L…
RT @ AlMeyer19 : Quick break to get more donuts , but everyone here in # KC is excited to # LeadRight ! ! 👍🏻👍🏻 https : //t.co/CuY2laRlob
RT @ joe_turcotte : # TeamBangor is ready to # LeadRight ! # TeamMaine https : //t.co/IfXLhYKkY4
RT @ ashleyangie25 : Our @ NHGOP # LeadRight Team is ready for National Day of Action ! Time to canvass for @ MayorTedGatsas , @ GOP candidates & amp ; # …
RT @ Kdpoindexter : Love a good white board breakout session ! # LeadRight https : //t.co/oeH9MqJedV
RT @ KeithFaber : Getting ready to head out and knock doors for some great City Council candidates down in Cincinnati ! # LeadRight https : //t.c…
RT @ chadler_usa : # RLI is underway in St. Charles county . Concerned voters are ready to # FireClaire ! # LeadRight # MOSen https : //t.co/JZuP35T…
RT @ misschristinaA9 : We put the RED in Ready ! Ready for National Day of Action that is ! Join us tomorrow and get one of these shirts ! # Lea…
RT @ edith_jorge : Strong GOP showing in Morgan county this AM ! Keeping the momentum alive ! Be part of the movement ! # LeadRight NDOA https : //…
RT @ elliott_echols : . @ rpv_drew , @ PhilJarvis87 , & amp ; @ natbell321 getting the @ GenJHQ team ready to go knock for @ EdWGillespie @ JillHVogel @ John…
RT @ JoshKivett : Today is the @ GOP National Day of Action , so follow # LeadRight to see all the awesome pics and updates from the field ! # NDO…
Today is our National Day of Action . Let 's # LeadRight today - and every day ! https : //t.co/X3YtyR6PRs
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The key to @ GOP victories is building relationships today - and every day . # LeadRight https : //t.co/xYTfX0FXKS
Virginia , today is your LAST chance to Early Vote . Find your polling location here : https : //t.co/YandyJS6SB https : //t.co/C1ad4egcx1
RT @ joe_turcotte : Join # TeamMaine this Saturday for National Day of Action . You can get one of these ⬇️ # LeadRight Sign Up Here u➡️ https : /…
Here are the numbers from the GOP tax cut plan you need to know . https : //t.co/xagoYGrmEn
What do you need to know about the Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act ? Glad you asked . https : //t.co/lUTIJM6c5t
RT @ RNCResearch : On Dem Primary :
Schumer : “ I Wasn ’ t Following It ”
Pelosi : “ I Don ’ t Have Any Interest ”
Perez : “ We ’ re Moving Forward ”
https : …
If you ’ re in favor of a merit-based immigration system , we need you to sign the petition now : https : //t.co/5IAuVcXskj
RT @ HouseGOP : What do you want from # taxreform ? # MoreJobs , # BiggerPaychecks , or # FairerTaxes ? Or maybe you want it all ? Vote now ! https : //t…
This tax plan is historic . Americans deserve a simpler and fairer tax code . https : //t.co/SY9jd57NXC
We ’ re ready for tax cuts .
RT if you are too . https : //t.co/8uQhuBrfNw
Yes , Elizabeth Warren did say the DNC was rigged . https : //t.co/RLH3cVut0O
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ POTUS is all in for tax cuts . https : //t.co/JqiMJA5hMT
CNBC called out Tom Perez on his incorrect tax facts ... on air . Not a great day for the Democrats .
https : //t.co/csyvwsem3w
. @ RepKevinBrady : Real relief from today 's complex , costly , & amp ; unfair tax code is on the way . https : //t.co/ZLFzqHTmBs
RT @ NRSC : . @ SenateDems will be disappointed to hear the average middle-class family will get # 1182more in tax breaks . https : //t.co/KajjMimh…
$ 1,182 . That ’ s nearly 565 cups of Dunkin ’ Donuts coffee . # 1182more
$ 1,182 . That ’ s a family trip - or money in the college fund . # 1182more
$ 1,182 . That ’ s a rainy day fund for unexpected car repair . # 1182more
$ 1,182 . That ’ s the tax cut under GOP 's plan for the typical middle-income family of four , earning the median household income . # 1182more https : //t.co/o9i3yMb8N3
. @ GOPChairwoman on today ’ s GOP Tax Cut Bill . https : //t.co/YH6Z3dAQN2
RT @ HouseGOP : We are LIVE to introduce the Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act . # taxreform # 1182more https : //t.co/ORuxg3xlix
It ’ s time to deliver tax cuts for middle class Americans . You deserve to keep more of your hard-earned dollars . https : //t.co/3YrhOOTh1z
We can all benefit from some extra money in our pocket . @ GOPChairwoman explains why today 's tax plan is the answer . https : //t.co/05l24FkZ2X
👀 sneak peek of today 's big tax cuts announcement
https : //t.co/7stg9NlaCq
Democrats oppose the tax cut plan , but Washington Post just tore apart their biggest argument… https : //t.co/SGOttMKOT6
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Special interests are going to try to protect various carveouts and loopholes , but conservatives are ready . We are all-in…
. @ SenJohnThune : The heart and soul of this effort is middle income families that deserve a break . https : //t.co/Y213xIDmBm
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ GOP is all in for @ EdWGillespie . # VAGov
https : //t.co/OXNCW74pFo
It ’ s time for Congress to act . Tell them you support tax cuts for you and your loved ones . https : //t.co/M4eVfq1DGm https : //t.co/U41pJkyBJl
RT @ RepKevinBrady : At my desk , wearing my # Astros tie , putting final touches on the first bold # TaxReform in 31 years . https : //t.co/dAYvnNN…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : It ’ s shameful that Ralph Northam has n't denounced the hateful rhetoric in the Latino Victory ad . It 's disgusting and des…
Veterans have a friend in the White House during # VeteransAwarenessMonth & amp ; every month . Get your FREE sticker today . https : //t.co/2kdIyEVtX8
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # NYCStrong # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/6K3Xw5P87d
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Devastated to hear about the news in NYC . My deepest thoughts and prayers for those affected by this unexpected tragedy .
Throwback TUESDAY - That time @ VP and @ SecondLady dressed up as a cowboy and ladybug for # Halloween .
https : //t.co/L4TivyWy9A
Our National Day of Action is Saturday . RSVP to join your local event today . https : //t.co/e0W7Hkgatm https : //t.co/ZsYJ6awr7J
millennials : tax cuts are really important for you too .
https : //t.co/BVZEH23Qpz
RT @ elliott_echols : Great shot of @ EdWGillespie and @ marcorubio thanking volunteers tonight . Find an office near you and join us https : //t.…
Make Halloween Great Again .
Too corny ?
# MAGA # HappyHalloween https : //t.co/14HRnH0zeo
Want to take more money home ? You want tax cuts .
https : //t.co/AOP5vStPdE
RT @ StephGrisham45 : The south lawn is looking good here at the @ WhiteHouse for tonight ’ s # Halloween2017 event . 🎃👻🕷 @ FLOTUS & amp ; @ POTUS to hand…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ kayleighmcenany : `` The 31 pages never mentions Trump , or the campaign , or the White House . '' https : //t.co/V8ccgeSWer
Happy birthday , @ IvankaTrump ! https : //t.co/8NWrI2z7Zc
. @ EdWGillespie is the leader for ALL Virginians . https : //t.co/Yj2SH1EjkZ
It ’ s a big week for tax cuts and we need your feedback today . Share your thoughts here .
https : //t.co/MdyXRjkpBr
. @ GOPChairwoman : We can be – and must be – the generation that puts an end to this crisis .
https : //t.co/BoKNknBoma
Last chance to take this week 's Official Presidential Job Performance Poll . https : //t.co/WqS8SAhwAn
Another week , another win . https : //t.co/7L9GjyJSAW
Bold tax cuts create big changes . Take it from Senator @ RandPaul .
https : //t.co/tmO5zoA22A
Tax cuts will provide relief for individuals , families , and employers nationwide .
https : //t.co/g8gSFkD45V
Whether he 's wearing a stethoscope or a suit , @ SecShulkin is taking care of our nation ’ s bravest across the country . https : //t.co/Zf05MmpxMs
Virginia , make sure you find your early voting or election day location today : https : //t.co/qvJeyDJHdH https : //t.co/1i7NYYMxGl
President @ realDonaldTrump sent @ NikkiHaley to the DRC and South Sudan last week . Here 's why .
https : //t.co/RCW6de4FUq
ACTION REQUESTED : Take this week 's Official Presidential Job Performance Poll . https : //t.co/WqS8SAhwAn https : //t.co/2wVirpvoRA
RT @ VP : To our brave men & amp ; women in uniform on this First Responders Day-on behalf of the American people , we 're grateful for your service…
With tax cuts , Americans will finally get a well-deserved raise .
https : //t.co/gZZ5IPKg11
69 billion taxpayer dollars saved thanks to @ EPAScottPruitt ✅
https : //t.co/ehcRda2ujS
RSVP today for the National Day of Action in your community : https : //t.co/RYX5GrJPFB # LeadRight https : //t.co/2aZx8Ap9Of
With our complex tax code , the struggle IS real . Here 's what @ IvankaTrump had to say about it . https : //t.co/vdYH0Kj6g6
. @ RepKevinBrady : We want lower taxes at every level . We want Americans just to keep more of what they earn . https : //t.co/iYQuVB7u4f
Tax cuts = more jobs # MAGA
https : //t.co/WVm2xwd4tm
The amount of drug overdose deaths in the U.S. now exceeds the number of Americans killed during the Vietnam War . It 's time to fight back .
. @ KellyannePolls shares why @ POTUS telling his family 's personal experience with addiction was so powerful . https : //t.co/8XGTN9qBOS
RT @ AmericaFirstPol : Today 8 prototypes for the U.S.-Mexico border wall were unveiled . Here 's what they look like⬇️
https : //t.co/ehLQJOF4F9
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` This epidemic is a national health emergency . '' https : //t.co/ulCcq17hjo
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Great to be with you this morning @ SteveDoocy @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/cdNvD3BcCh
Meet one of the families that stood behind @ POTUS yesterday as he declared the opioid crisis a public health emergency . https : //t.co/pFN1tNls6C
Listen to @ FLOTUS tell the stories of the many brave advocates helping to combat the opioid epidemic . https : //t.co/JD6Bs62jDN
You know it ’ s a scandal when even Obama ’ s CIA Director says the Intel Committee should look into the Clinton dossier payments . https : //t.co/M7SiSzuN7z
Today @ POTUS declared a National Public Health Emergency . Together , we can fight this epidemic . https : //t.co/rKjViEkc3U
. @ POTUS : We can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic . https : //t.co/EzHNHO6TTY
By declaring the opioid epidemic a public health emergency , @ POTUS is expanding access & amp ; directing greater resources to treatment . https : //t.co/P6yLLTGVPd
RT @ GOPChairwoman : How is it possible that the Clinton campaign and DNC paid a law firm $ 9.1M and didn ’ t know what they were working on ? ht…
The script has flipped on the Russia investigation . Now Hillary and the DNC have explaining to do . Demand answers : https : //t.co/izUXhdTmVt https : //t.co/NILSewnApL
Republicans are all in on tax cuts to help you and your family . https : //t.co/rSrvGaw2hl
This is a big deal . Team Clinton & amp ; the DNC have a lot of questions to answer about their funding of the Russia dossier . https : //t.co/OdRXDxHsGx
RT @ GOPChairwoman : With the passing of this budget , the way is now clear for the tax cuts Americans desperately need .
It ’ s time to usher in a new era of more jobs , higher wages , and great opportunity .
https : //t.co/2Owz3TkEVo
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia . His opponent does n't even show up to meetings/work , and will be VER…
Making America Safe Again # MAGA 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/SYtwpCSvpu
. @ IvankaTrump : It is a priority of this administration and it is a legislative priority to ensure American families can thrive . https : //t.co/O0wUOMk0od
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congrats to @ Reince Priebus , a really good and talented man . We ’ re proud of you Reince ! https : //t.co/7AsjAMrSnV
Hey Virginia , add it to your to-do list and then check it off your to-do list by going to https : //t.co/0d6kHJm5LL https : //t.co/sXMelXsT5W
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Team Clinton & amp ; the DNC have a lot of questions to answer about their funding of the Russian dossier and why they lied ab…
Treasury Secretary @ stevenmnuchin1 said it himself , “ the priority for @ POTUS is the middle-income tax cut . '' https : //t.co/hpivUwk7Gh
President @ realDonaldTrump ’ s pro-growth agenda is working . The economy is growing . Here are the specifics .
https : //t.co/CawQV94n1b
RT @ SecShulkin : Lead by @ SpeakerRyan , Congress is awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to Filipino # Veterans of WWII , recognizing their br…
. @ senrobportman : It 's crazy that we have a tax code that is not serving the American worker .
Could n't agree more with @ IvankaTrump . https : //t.co/sIN59F2czO
What will history remember about @ POTUS ?

@ PressSec set the record straight . https : //t.co/rOwBfaiwAX
Got a second ? Take our Media Accountability Survey to share your thoughts with the President .
https : //t.co/IhfPOwqYA9
. @ POTUS : We are deeply committed to empowering minority business owners . We 're working to lift government barriers so that you can thrive .
Who are you rooting for this # WorldSeries ?
RT @ MickMulvaneyOMB : We negotiate in good faith here at OMB . Wear that beautiful @ Astros tie , @ cz .

Better luck next time @ Yankees fans . 👎…
. @ IvankaTrump : We need the tax code that 's reflective of the modern reality of what our workforce looks like . https : //t.co/HPjI20eZ2j
When it comes to tax cuts , Dems are too busy protecting liberal elitists to worry about working class families .
https : //t.co/5Q2ybjQoUW
. @ SenJohnThune : This is perhaps the single most important thing we can do to provide financial relief to families .
https : //t.co/HvashrpdzK
Before his ceremony , Capt . Gary Rose ’ s grandchildren asked what the Medal of Honor was . Here 's what @ POTUS had to say . https : //t.co/QPKmhU6bI8
It ’ s clear the American people appreciate having a @ POTUS who speaks directly to them . https : //t.co/XTWkdp0eZW
RT @ StephGrisham45 : Lots of excitement as @ FLOTUS joins 7th & amp ; 8th graders for lunch in Michigan to kick off the Week of Inclusion . # NoOneEa…
RT @ USMC : @ VP Mike Pence is at @ MBWDC remembering Beirut Barracks Bombing . On this day 241 service members lost their lives . https : //t.co/F…
These new reports show the Russia investigation is starting to look pretty bad for the Clintons , Obamas , and Dems ... https : //t.co/PKc5CDbIvH
TAX CUTS WILL :
💵Benefit the Middle Class
📉Reduce Corporate Tax Rate
👷Create Jobs
https : //t.co/4O6BSDISKd
Economists Agree . Tax Cuts = Higher GDP , Higher Wages .
https : //t.co/WNeMYHPet7
Get your very own here : https : //t.co/yxXbI9wu0Z https : //t.co/r2LkRkfab5
RT @ EdWGillespie : Thanks , Bob ! Eligible voters can find their in-person absentee voting locations at https : //t.co/rWSlqTyMyB . https : //t.co/…
RT if you agree Maxine Waters is out of line & amp ; Democrats must denounce violent threats against @ POTUS .
https : //t.co/kbsks6Navd
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Unacceptable . Democrat leadership should denounce ANY suggested violence against the President . https : //t.co/K4DZXXgafu
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/OscDXf3TJf
RT @ RNCLatinos : . @ GOP met with Pastor Armando Vera & amp ; Hispanic pastors this AM in McCallen , # Texas to talk about tax cuts . # LeadRight # Latin…
Order your limited-edition # MAGA hat before they all disappear . https : //t.co/yxXbI9wu0Z https : //t.co/qOAuGKQsTv
Take a moment to meet the Administrator of the EPA : @ EPAScottPruitt .
https : //t.co/0VfAodKVeF
. @ POTUS and his admin are putting our nation ’ s bravest first and reforming the VA system . https : //t.co/3huyYX68Gi
Tax cuts = more money in YOUR pocket . It 's that simple .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just out , but lightly reported : `` Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm U.S. Job Market '' Lowest since March 1973.…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : “ We want you to spend your valuable time pursuing your dreams , not trapped in a tax compliance nightmare . '' https : //t.co/…
Have you heard Mackenzie ’ s letter to @ POTUS yet ? https : //t.co/GNN6L3JuLt
Every vote counts . Head to the polls Nov 7 for @ EdWGillespie or find your Early Voting location now → https : //t.co/W5YAvyB4mo https : //t.co/uNFUvsxZvW
. @ SecShulkin : I spend time with the president . This is a president that is deeply concerned about those that we put in harm 's way . https : //t.co/mzO3QvJA2k
RT @ RebeccaMaine207 : Vice Chair of the Maine Republican Party signs petition in support of # TaxCuts for middle class Mainers . # LeadRight @ r…
Last time jobless claims were this low :
✅Gas cost 0.40/gallon
✅Dow closed at 850
✅Secretariat won Triple Crown
https : //t.co/OiCVtd4NCh
ICYMI : Thursday night ’ s budget passage paves the way for the tax cuts .
https : //t.co/Pv7dJsn4V6
DNC ’ s Fall Meeting in a nutshell . https : //t.co/2aWx56jAfN
RT @ ChuckGrassley : Good news for Iowa & amp ; country Thx 2 @ realDonaldTrump 4making sure EPA supports biofuels & amp ; RFS . I wont stop fighting for ru…
`` Say hello to your children and tell them their father was a great hero . '' @ realdonaldtrump to a Gold Star wife
https : //t.co/xmEmrFcykY
. @ migop is using their 280 characters well ! # LeadRight https : //t.co/ogSUiVbBqw
. @ FLOTUS : The Smithsonian has the unique honor and ability to freeze time and tell future generations the stories of our nation ’ s history . https : //t.co/qHJbfjq0dg
Only 12 hours left ! Enter NOW for your chance to join @ realDonaldTrump for dinner in Dallas → https : //t.co/D55LO6JUVL https : //t.co/3glFEBzNsk
RT @ CBSThisMorning : . @ SpeakerRyan says # TaxReform will help increase people 's paychecks , higher wages , faster economic growth , healthier ec…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Senate Republicans continue to fight for American families by passing a budget measure & amp ; paving the way for tax cuts . ht…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Thanks to the Senate for taking another step toward tax cuts and relief for America ’ s hard-working families .
Do you stand for the Anthem ? If so , add your name .
https : //t.co/D24GNNdjpm https : //t.co/HsOLhRy0Nd
Our Republican Leadership Initiative teams are doing incredible work . Find out how YOU can get involved . # LeadRight https : //t.co/uOAEuvYTmB https : //t.co/iM1esKLt9N
. @ POTUS and @ ricardorossello discussed the continued relief efforts in Puerto Rico today . https : //t.co/oRTK42Sbcf
Time ’ s running out ! Enter for your chance to win dinner with the President in Dallas : https : //t.co/D55LO6JUVL https : //t.co/KqGA2sNyfL
You have to hear what General John Kelly said to the White House Press Corps today . https : //t.co/eZvqhCMPnj
We stand with Puerto Rico . https : //t.co/jbs4g0rskT
RT @ Interior : 236 years after British surrender , Yorktown Battlefield celebrates peace & amp ; independence . Pic by James Gramm # Virginia 🇺🇸 http…
# tbt to the last time Dems were in Vegas…
https : //t.co/5aklfO7Fzk
. @ kayleighmcenany gives a quick recap of the fake stories @ POTUS is fighting . https : //t.co/YuMPiYJ1s7
Dear DNC , every Democrat has returned the Weinstein money , why won ’ t you ? https : //t.co/bS9B1ontkX
RT @ realDonaldTrump : `` 20,000📈21,000📈22,000📈 23,000📈this year ... FOUR one thousand milestones this year ... ''
# Dow23K # MAGA https : //t.co/GQ5f2…
Schumer is likely to personally save thousands if he defeats GOP efforts to eliminate state & amp ; local tax deductions .
https : //t.co/S2XP8Cui1A
This is only possible because of you ! Be a part of the team : https : //t.co/nfNyFUDFCH
https : //t.co/wdBpzLgBKR
RT @ WhiteHouse : Happy # Diwali to all those celebrating the Festival of Lights here and abroad ! https : //t.co/QRFBD34yMj
RT @ POTUS : Hello @ RepMarkMeadows and all of the students at Robbinsville HS ! Pursue your dreams & amp ; NEVER give up ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/t94awr…
Chris met the President in Arizona after winning our sweepstakes . Now it 's YOUR turn . Enter for your chance to win : https : //t.co/D55LO6JUVL https : //t.co/hSCCdowbmo
RT @ NRSC : . @ JoeManchinWV just hired a Mylan lobbyist for his campaign , who - like Manchin - owns a business being sued . # WVSen https : //t.co…
RT @ stevenmnuchin1 : Great meeting with bipartisan group from Senate Finance Committee . We are determined to get # TaxReform done for hardwo…
Lower taxes on American businesses means higher wages for American workers and more products made right here in the USA . 🇺🇸
RT @ IAGovernor : Thanks @ realDonaldTrump for the positive & amp ; productive call today - I look forward to sharing details at our 1:30pm press co…
Virginia , you can early vote for @ EdWGillespie today . Find your location here : https : //t.co/mRU1a62wJP https : //t.co/gAZnmwnk5L
Listen to our @ SecondLady explain why she ’ s passionate about championing art therapy . https : //t.co/E5V3ujtU0t
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Alabama , we need your help . Go to https : //t.co/JAcSiLBZKy , register to vote , and let 's elect @ MooreSenate to # ALSen
. @ POTUS : As long as we have pride in our country , confidence in our future , and faith in our God , then our best days are yet to come . https : //t.co/cGF3apK5Ix
RT if you agree with @ VP - if convicted , Democrat Bob Menendez should resign from the Senate .
https : //t.co/S04p6upuzW
RT @ nikkihaley : `` Leaving the Iran Deal unchanged sends Kim Jong Un an unmistakable message that the United States can be bought with a bad…
Today ’ s Democrat lie brought to you by Missouri Senator Claire McCaskill . # MoSen https : //t.co/SDrBLdngTH https : //t.co/OGnVFGWMpJ
. @ POTUS 's tax relief framework nearly doubles the standard deduction , reducing the tax burden on low to moderate income families .
The DNC has a full agenda at their upcoming meeting… https : //t.co/rRugJrJf5M
This is the 5th 1,000-point milestone reached since @ realDonaldTrump was elected president .
https : //t.co/YsE4jX5w5A
# MAGA all year long . https : //t.co/yxXbI9wu0Z https : //t.co/mh5u9o3r4m
😬 Nancy Pelosi 's got a real problem ... https : //t.co/zlJHO4Tgfm
RT @ VP : When we cut taxes , we launch a new era of soaring incomes & amp ; a thriving middle class . My op-ed in @ TheBuffaloNews : https : //t.co/zUPs…
RT @ PressSec : Never underestimate this President 's commitment to keep Americans safe https : //t.co/JMcnJ6cKGn
. @ SenTomCotton : If we want to keep our country safe and secure , it 's important that the commander-in-chief succeed . https : //t.co/qGuh9aVgRT
RT @ IvankaTrump : Proud to announce @ WorldBank # WeFi is operational ! Let 's break down barriers & amp ; empower women entrepreneurs to succeed in t…
Last weekend , @ EdWGillespie ’ s team took over our Instagram story at his rally with @ VP . Here ’ s what you missed . https : //t.co/sSKRoxKkTT
A personal message from @ FLOTUS to victims of recent natural disasters . Visit https : //t.co/z1Nsk2Cxl3 or https : //t.co/49TaEEFWZJ to help . https : //t.co/8cQ3fzWN52
🚨FBI confirms that Comey drafted a statement ending Hillary ’ s email investigation BEFORE even interviewing her . 🚨
https : //t.co/eIZGEw7Joe
Do you want to join President Trump for dinner in the Lone Star State ? Enter here for your chance to win : https : //t.co/8d8OgcEKmb https : //t.co/xjE6LSbQi1
. @ POTUS : The economy can not take off like it has the potential to do unless we reduce the tax burden on families , businesses , & amp ; workers . https : //t.co/LAKk4T8a3P
RT @ GOPChairwoman : # HispanicHeritageMonth came to a close this weekend , but celebrating the Hispanic community continues all year long . htt…
REDUCE Government Spending
REDUCE Excessive Regulations
REDUCE Hefty Taxes https : //t.co/6cuUB7tRtY
VIRGINIA , it 's the LAST DAY to register to vote . Do it now : https : //t.co/J8w6VIAwHM https : //t.co/asb2qLl4Il
18 felony charges against Democrat Senator Bob Menendez move full steam ahead . https : //t.co/jAa9tRABen
“ It ’ s not Republican or Democrat . Everyone knows you ca n't tax an economy into prosperity. ” –Art Laffer https : //t.co/6MYLe2oPuJ
FYI : The Clinton Foundation STILL refuses to return the money given to them by Weinstein .
https : //t.co/7XMedoBkcK
What could you do with an extra $ 4,000- $ 9,000 dollars in your pocket ?
https : //t.co/bzC9dF1j9y
BTW – Prime Minister of Israel @ netanyahu fully supports @ realDonaldTrump ’ s decision on Iran . https : //t.co/fmUyjP39s1
Even your furry friends can # MAGA . https : //t.co/1UG5dVpUY9 https : //t.co/RC2Fg0auWt
Want to join President Trump for dinner in Dallas ? Enter here 👉https : //t.co/D55LO71vNj https : //t.co/HioUoVdgr4
RT @ WhiteHouse : This week President Trump made the case for pro-growth tax reform , unveiled a new strategy on Iran , and more . Watch the hig…
More of YOUR hard-earned money saved thanks to @ POTUS !
https : //t.co/xVlC1YnEql
If you ’ re standing for the flag today , you need this . https : //t.co/sqo7BwWvft
What ’ s bigger than Texas ? This opportunity . Win a chance to fly out for dinner in Dallas , TX with the President → https : //t.co/8d8OgcEKmb https : //t.co/7iZexzHs4L
ICYMI : @ POTUS and @ VP are restoring the National Space Council and inspiring a new generation of explorers .
https : //t.co/PI8PLeg0N3
Like for tax cuts . 👍 https : //t.co/lCGT2hDhCt
Consumer confidence hasn ’ t been this high since “ National Treasure ” was in the movie theater .
https : //t.co/9Q4kqxgVwc
. @ POTUS is draining the swamp and protecting workers where it matters .
https : //t.co/TxqbpzNlcC
“ @ POTUS 's bold & amp ; welcome refusal to go along with what ’ s trendy is a breath of the fresh . ”
https : //t.co/jp0WlLkguH
RT @ mainegop : Have what it takes to lead ? Apply today to be an RLI fellow in Maine # LeadRight Sign up today ➡️https : //t.co/9A2SMIExBk https…
RT if you ’ re thankful for @ POTUS ’ s commitment to religious liberty . https : //t.co/EBSJNmTHbO
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief . HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @ …
Consumer confidence is the best it 's been in 13 years . 💪
https : //t.co/i1T5M3fDxF
. @ GOPChairwoman on the Iran Deal . https : //t.co/MjvbItTR60
RT @ AmbDermer : Thanks @ POTUS Trump for courageously standing against the current and standing up to Iran . Time to fix a bad deal & amp ; push ba…
Here are the 4 things you need to know about @ POTUS ’ s announcement on the Iran Deal . https : //t.co/iGUF3l7a9r
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Iran is a leading state sponsor of terror & amp ; violated most terms of the deal . @ POTUS ’ s new strategy puts America first an…
70 % of Americans support repealing the Death Tax . It ’ s time to get rid of this tax on families & amp ; workers .
https : //t.co/rmLzpOtl6m
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` America is nation of believers – and together , we are strengthened and sustained by the power of prayer . ''
In America we do n't worship government , we worship God . - @ realDonaldTrump
242 years of Honor , Courage , and Commitment . Thank you , @ USNavy . # 242NavyBday https : //t.co/TNvMld39Dc
RT @ GOP : We stand because Americans died defending the flag . Join us → https : //t.co/mVnACmgLsf https : //t.co/MnOShHmOPE
Are YOU ready for tax cuts ?
https : //t.co/RfzkWwYSp0
ICYMI : @ POTUS sat down with @ SeanHannity to talk tax cuts and trucks . https : //t.co/6vUJ2OmQIE
Happy # NationalFarmersDay ! https : //t.co/zMOkBLk0GA
. @ POTUS 's nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen is an outstanding choice . The Senate should confirm her quickly so she can get to work . https : //t.co/8LaTUHzT5z
RT @ GOPChairwoman : What could you do with an extra $ 300 per month ? @ POTUS 's tax cut plan boosts annual income by $ 4,000 for the avg America…
. @ realDonaldTrump took action to dismantle Obamacare today . Are you with him ? https : //t.co/o10HxaSsYt https : //t.co/foENZVPJxq
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Some say # TaxReform is just a tax cut for the rich . How original . Our plan offers real relief to the middle class—unlike o…
@ POTUS Obamacare restricts how workers can use employee-funded accounts . The EO allows employees to use these accounts to buy their own insurance .
@ POTUS Obamacare made it harder for small biz owners to insure employees . The EO expands AHPs & amp ; HRAs , helping businesses w/ & lt ; 50 employees .
@ POTUS In 2018 , 50 % of counties will have 1 insurer . The EO opens up more choice across state lines and boosts alternative insurance arrangements .
@ POTUS Middle-class families have been priced out of the insurance marketplace . The EO gives them greater choice & amp ; flexibility at a lower price .
So , what does the health care EO @ POTUS signed do exactly ?
Thank you @ POTUS ! By allowing health care to be sold across state lines , we increase competition , choice , & amp ; quality . https : //t.co/0lyOEYnPiN
You just got a big tax break . Thanks , @ POTUS .
https : //t.co/57hrSVJfvX
RT @ VP : For Hispanic Heritage Month , Karen & amp ; I hosted a distinguished group at our home tonight to honor the accomplishment of Hispanic Ame…
. @ POTUS : The strength of our nation is determined by the strength of our families . https : //t.co/9KvHPcUV2s
RT if you 're ready for fairer and simpler taxes . https : //t.co/m8vsFaGR2u
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Happy to announce we are awarding $ 1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to l…
Pro-Growth .
Pro-Jobs .
Pro-Worker .
Pro-American .
Demand Congress pass tax cuts . ↓
https : //t.co/WUYSdaGiPm https : //t.co/5OeeZsAxtE
As @ POTUS leaves PA , co-chair @ Paduch urges Dem Sen. Casey to do what 's right for Pennsylvanians .
https : //t.co/J4xtuOaRnX
Cutting taxes is the next step in revitalizing our economy . Our small businesses and families are hurting and it ’ s time to make a change .
RT @ WhiteHouse : Learn more about the Unified Framework for fixing our broken tax code : https : //t.co/PHLKC9uzON https : //t.co/R4ZYblaNHN
…be the Chairwoman of the Republican Party ! # DayoftheGirl https : //t.co/UmX9MsC7SK
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The images coming out of California are heartbreaking . To those in California - please stay safe . My thoughts are with y…
Tax cuts = higher wages . It ’ s a win for all .
https : //t.co/94ZZ88DuUs
Democrats : put your money where your mouth is . Return all the Weinstein money . https : //t.co/3uQN0dm76A
Still no word from DNC on returning all of Harvey Weinstein 's donations ...
. @ FLOTUS visited the nation 's first nonprofit infant recovery center today . Here 's what she had to say . https : //t.co/KzwtDQ2egw
We stand because Americans died defending the flag . Join us → https : //t.co/mVnACmgLsf https : //t.co/MnOShHmOPE
ICYMI : @ POTUS has approved a disaster declaration in response to the California wildfires . https : //t.co/QBjzQpbNWE
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Nancy Pelosi is already threatening a gov shutdown over policies supported by 70 percent of Americans . https : //t.co/CtIG…
Our hearts are with you , California . Stay safe , listen to local authorities , and evacuate if instructed . https : //t.co/Mff4De5kOu
The debate on who will best serve Virginia is now over . @ EdWGillespie was clearly the best on that stage . # VAgov
Last week 's CNBC survey found 43 % of the public believes the economy is excellent or good , a record high over 10 years . # MAGA
Stand for the 🇺🇸 . Get your sticker now . https : //t.co/mVnACmgLsf https : //t.co/Nczorwqq5m
How will tax cuts help YOU and your family ? Must read : https : //t.co/B3j42dnsKb https : //t.co/4fwRWMIBuj
Less people unemployed + expanded workforce = an economically positive September . https : //t.co/4Os97TIscP
✔ $ 560 million saved by cutting regulations
✔58 % fewer regulations
✔32 % percent of government rule book slashed
https : //t.co/2sRh7SULRw
You must read Yali 's story . It embodies the spirit of American freedom and tenacity . # HispanicHeritageMonth https : //t.co/uTtMDruxd2
The Weinstein scandal put Hollywood ’ s hypocrisy in broad daylight . RT if you agree the DNC should return his donations .
Our continued prayers for the families that lost such bright lights in the Las Vegas shooting . # VegasStrong https : //t.co/LNywEyGg9U
. @ GOPChairwoman : Letting Americans keep more of their paychecks allows them to invest in their families and future .
https : //t.co/dJfhvNb9K1
Do you have one of these yet ? https : //t.co/SJMWNwJNx0 https : //t.co/hZtlA4VrLx
RT @ VP : We were proud to stand - with all our @ Colts - for our soldiers , our flag , and our National Anthem 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/mkZiKMkPDD
. @ POTUS is saving YOU money . Here 's how .
https : //t.co/StM0deDi4O
. @ VP is spurring innovation in space and encouraging a new generation to reach for the stars - literally .
https : //t.co/W26k1hVDQB
RT @ GOPChairwoman : 9 months . 100 interviews . 100,000 pages of documents . STLL no evidence of Russian collusion . https : //t.co/x6CLrnjpwx
Do you ❤ waking up and remembering that @ realDonaldTrump is president ? https : //t.co/xjuEVOxPFE https : //t.co/BYCdOGVor3
Tell the President what you think . Take the Official Approval Poll today . https : //t.co/nTGDFTCNNB https : //t.co/O1C0PXrXKh
Do you agree it 's time to cut taxes & amp ; bring back American jobs , capital , and revenue lost overseas ? Tell us → https : //t.co/kkDRhERYD8 https : //t.co/zBHYARchPK
Under the leadership of @ POTUS , exports are rising and our trade industry is thriving !
https : //t.co/ZKuKgF3Jta
Hey Virginia , you can vote for @ EdWGillespie today . Find out your location here : https : //t.co/zqqeBOvcuz # VAGov # LeadRight https : //t.co/4gIREX73tA
WE 'VE KNOCKED ON 1,000,000 DOORS IN VIRGINIA . Momentum is on our side . Keep up the good work , team ! # LeadRight # VAGov
RT @ ricardorossello : My deepest gratitude to @ VP & amp ; @ SecondLady . I admire your faith & amp ; appreciate your support ; 🇵🇷 is grateful that you are…
. @ GOPChairwoman on the rollback of Obamacare ’ s birth control mandate . https : //t.co/2Wtdx4OftJ
Watch @ POTUS stop his speech to shake the hand of a Medal of Honor recipient during the White House Hispanic Heritage Month ceremony . https : //t.co/isRjv0D3Fs
Take a look inside the American business responsible for the @ realDonaldTrump Collectible Medal . https : //t.co/DWZGUzHYpo https : //t.co/Z7rlCMh28P
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Many people have asked me about Michelle Obama 's derogatory comments yesterday . Here 's what I have to say . https : //t.co/…
RT @ VP : The needs of Puerto Rico & amp ; the U.S. Virgin Islands will be great - but the generosity of the American people will be greater still.…
Democrats in Congress are returning the dirty donations from Harvey Weinstein . What about the DNC ?
https : //t.co/hf2ooaMA9x https : //t.co/dtwlzGLM0e
Now that 's a great birthday present . Happy birthday @ SteveScalise ! https : //t.co/kqj4PAdVV8
Some Hill Democrats have given back their dirty Weinstein cash , but the DNC is still holding onto its $ 246,000… https : //t.co/fpLD7eouL1
Make your voice heard on long-awaited , long-needed tax cuts by taking the Official Survey today → https : //t.co/kkDRhERYD8 https : //t.co/Px4NrSosxH
RT @ GOPChairwoman : 84 % of likely New Jersey voters say Democrat Sen. Menendez should resign if convicted . But he won ’ t say it himself .
http…
. @ Larry_Kudlow : Rather than punish investment , the Trump plan will spur growth across the board .
https : //t.co/IhdHYmSiHv
Raise your hand if you 're not surprised Democrats are done with Pelosi . https : //t.co/sSeVfPhGLO
To all those who educate , mentor , and inspire - we thank you today and every day . # WorldTeachersDay https : //t.co/vu1Eai2uQH
It seems like Democrats would rather score political points than work with @ POTUS to fix our broken tax code ... https : //t.co/UpsNKSS6V7
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Your logic is right
We must keep up the fight so
Tax cuts happen now . https : //t.co/Ba9sky9MPF
. @ GOPChairwoman telling it like it is !
https : //t.co/5jAZIepESm
Michelle Obama might want to rephrase her comment that Republicans are “ all white , all men . '' https : //t.co/fYVvQaJDU8
Dear Michelle Obama , regarding your comment , please see below . https : //t.co/irLDnHkb2o
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Unfortunate Michelle would disregard contributions of conservative women and people of all backgrounds with one sweeping…
RT @ NLVPD : We thank the @ POTUS for honoring all 1st responders personally . It was a privilege to be in the presence of @ realDonaldTrump & amp ; @ …
RT @ SenDeanHeller : It meant a lot to so many to see @ POTUS and feel his compassion in person . United , as a nation and state , we are # VegasS…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : These pictures from yesterday make me even more proud of @ POTUS and the resiliency of our great country . https : //t.co/8E…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people , from police to doctors to the victims themselves , who…
. @ POTUS : We will endure the pain together and we will overcome together as Americans . # VegasStrong https : //t.co/r1Wgj1mF2A
RT @ SenatorLankford : Thank you House for passing # MicahsLaw & amp ; protecting the unborn . It 's time for the Senate to do the same . # TheyFeelPain…
ICYMI → @ POTUS thanks members of U.S. Armed Forces helping with relief efforts in Puerto Rico . https : //t.co/IEv0wDjsCC
Get directions to blood drive locations in Nevada and help the victims of the Las Vegas shooting → https : //t.co/Kr1iJKgQRV https : //t.co/rn2KOlVhYH
RT @ ricardorossello : Welcoming @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump today in Puerto Rico so that he can learn firsthand our situation in the aftermath o…
. @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS visiting with families affected by the devastation of Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico . https : //t.co/PdInpEhBjq
RT @ FORSCOM : . @ fema , @ USArmyReserve , @ PRNationalGuard deliver food , water to Juana Diaz and Utuado , # PuertoRico | https : //t.co/pJrq0GfvDl |…
RT @ LVMPD : This number has been changed to 1-800-536-9488 . Families can call this number to report your loved one missing . https : //t.co/t1k…
. @ PressSec : In the days ahead we 'll grieve & amp ; honor the memory of those lost & amp ; come together united as one nation under God and indivisible . https : //t.co/UQv66O8oUr
Our hearts are with the victims , their families , and the community of Las Vegas . https : //t.co/ug1fYHWsg6
We 're with you , Las Vegas .
. @ POTUS : May God give us the grace of healing and may God provide the grieving families with strength to carry on . https : //t.co/oneU7RD7XV
RT @ realDonaldTrump : My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting . God bless you !
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Praying for the people affected by tonight 's deadly shooting in Las Vegas . # thoughtsandprayers
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/tnQb0lxBHw
Text JOIN to 80810 to get updates straight to your phone . https : //t.co/bK5VoRDR9F
ICYMI → @ POTUS delivered his plan to help small businesses at @ ShopFloorNAM on Friday .
https : //t.co/1hjes24DIc
Are you standing for the flag on game day ? Add your name : https : //t.co/Tjcikm0DaU https : //t.co/KXxkxosdfd
September was Veteran Suicide Awareness month , but the mission shouldn ’ t stop now . # BeThere for our vets . https : //t.co/oUzwSIMoSS https : //t.co/Gn5cAOW2c1
✅ Grocery shop
✅ Laundry
✅ Register to vote https : //t.co/ybS68qGRsm https : //t.co/G5OEnof339
Have more thoughts on # TaxCuts ? Take the survey here → https : //t.co/oMlPaEoL9Q https : //t.co/c6LO3KmWOB
. @ RepFrenchHill : America is returning to her rightful place as an engaged world leader . https : //t.co/p268ZM0X3R
RT @ RNCLatinos : El Comité Nacional Republicano anuncia un video sobre el Mes de la Herencia Hispana con sus trabajadores . # HispanicHeritage…
Under @ POTUS , expected growth rates over the next yr :
PRODUCTION ↑ 4.5 %
SALES ↑ 4.5
EMPLOYEE WAGES ↑ 2.2 %
https : //t.co/AXQU7H0o9P
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS has laid out our plan for the largest tax cut in U.S history that will once again put the U.S people , U.S workers , & amp ; Americ…
Our tax code should benefit :
RT @ GOPChairwoman : On Yom Kippur , we join all those of the Jewish faith in praying for a bright and peaceful year ahead . https : //t.co/NbvRX…
. @ POTUS : This is a revolutionary change and the biggest winners will be everyday working families as jobs start pouring into our country . https : //t.co/NFPxETcG4a
The Democrat Senator on trial for bribery still wants you to re-elect him .
https : //t.co/fxxC2nJi8q
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ POTUS is intent on giving a tax cut to the middle class - the middle class who has been so hurt under the anemic Obama…
. @ RepMarkMeadows : One of the big things I got excited about is that Small Business Tax Deduction going from 39.6 % down to 25 % . https : //t.co/wyO4n5gifX
Want to keep more of your hard-earned money ? Then you want # TaxCuts .
https : //t.co/5C9aErBW37
Get an extra shot of patriotism on # NationalCoffeeDay . # MAGA https : //t.co/WD9JxdhAhB https : //t.co/uRSgqSPfRU
What is tax reform ? It ’ s TAX CUTS .
Small business rate : 39.6 % ⬇ to 25 %
Corporate rate : 35 % ⬇ 20 %
We get it . # TaxReform can be confusing . Behind the numbers & amp ; complex policy , it ’ s designed for you to keep more of your hard-earned money . https : //t.co/iI1zBr1pBI
Yet , 0 % of Senate Democrats have said he should resign if convicted… https : //t.co/U9IRIOyRlp
Filing taxes on a postcard-sized form ? Sounds pretty good to us . # TaxReform https : //t.co/f6gEXFNokr
Praise for the # TaxReform framework is rolling in . Here 's what everyone has to say ↓ https : //t.co/22T3ApDxqM
Work , school , friends , family . Life is already complicated enough . Taxes shouldn ’ t add to your stress – that ’ s why we need # TaxReform . https : //t.co/qTzwZbqRwg
Hey Nancy Pelosi , 62 % of Democrats say our tax code deserves a major revamp . Why are you trying to stand in the way ? https : //t.co/7UalyxkWjy
Our prayers have been answered and America is thankful for this moment . Welcome back , @ SteveScalise ! https : //t.co/LcJmmsN3li
Good to have you back , @ SteveScalise ! https : //t.co/KkPI3HG9LR
RT @ VP : Met w/ @ RepJenniffer & amp ; Sen @ marcorubio to discuss PR recovery , including additional aid @ POTUS made available today : https : //t.co/U…
More help is on the way to Puerto Rico as @ POTUS waives the Jones Act !
https : //t.co/w7OJRIxR2G
# TaxReform is the middle-class miracle we ’ ve been waiting for .
https : //t.co/GGhoj3naXT
. @ POTUS : Democrats and Republicans in Congress should come together to deliver this giant win for the American people . https : //t.co/fENQzDuVLK
RT @ stevenmnuchin1 : Great speech by @ realDonaldTrump @ POTUS on much needed # TaxReform . It is time for a tax code that promotes econ growth…
We ’ ve waited 31 years . It ’ s time for # TaxReform . https : //t.co/wmsGwH2VRN
Support for overhaul of tax system cuts through party lines :
77 % Republican support
70 % Independent support
62 % Democrat support
Simple . Fair . Pro-growth . Pro-family . That 's # TaxReform .
https : //t.co/w19RuVr9Nh
You could read the ENTIRE Harry Potter series 3 TIMES and still not have read as many words as are in our tax code . It ’ s time for # TaxReform
. @ SenatorTimScott : We all want to see Americans take home more money . From a federal perspective , that means tax reform . https : //t.co/6LnNWXVWZY
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Highlights of unified tax reform framework :
✔ Lowers rates
✔ Increases child tax credit
✔ Doubles standard deduction
https…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I love seeing the # LeadRight team on the ground talking w/ their neighbors about # TaxReform . It ’ s more than policy , it ’ s…
. @ POTUS ’ s tax plan will bring back our jobs , our wealth , and our dreams . Share your thoughts on tax reform here . ↓ https : //t.co/Yza1Die4FE
Our veterans deserve the chance to come home and feel 100 % supported . That ’ s why we will # BeThere → https : //t.co/jaqEJWdekv https : //t.co/9UdnzyamIN
It ’ s time to provide tax relief for all Americans . RT if you agree ! https : //t.co/G1XR7iuiTs
RT @ ricardorossello : Briefed @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump in # SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership , quick response & amp ; commitment to o…
For an example of tax reform done right , just look to NC 's economic comeback following their 2013 tax reform push .
https : //t.co/78SPeGNQHK
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Congrats @ MooreSenate ! The people of Alabama are united behind championing the conservative agenda . # ALSen https : //t.co/…
Register to vote at https : //t.co/4wrQ1yxILo # NationalVoterRegistrationDay https : //t.co/wIY6oKqsU2
RT @ HispanicGOPTX : @ Gulf Coast Industry forum with these # Texasstrong Hispanic Business Owners that know how to # LeadRight https : //t.co/EuM…
Thank you , @ fema , for your commitment to the people of Puerto Rico in the wake of disaster . https : //t.co/LVjRp4LGOH
Here ’ s what @ GOPChairwoman had to say about the importance of standing for our flag . https : //t.co/zVNy8mVW8Y
It ’ s # NationalVoterRegistrationDay . RT if you ’ re registered to vote in your state or get registered NOW : https : //t.co/TfrbRIxTdo https : //t.co/Jx9D7JrVRR
RT if you stand for the flag . https : //t.co/X3sENxySVE
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ ricardorossello : We are very grateful for the administration . They have responded quickly . @ POTUS has been very attent…
🇺🇸Add your name if you stand for the flag . 🇺🇸
https : //t.co/sPk00UjemL https : //t.co/C4mwQyWEtY
RT @ IvankaTrump : & lt ; script & gt ;
let PM = `` signed '' ;
if ( PM === `` signed '' ) {
let CODING = `` 4 All '' ;
}
& lt ; /script & gt ; https : //t.co/QRKQPgbxjW
Do you stand for the flag ? @ POTUS wants to know . https : //t.co/RKYt5x0699
Today @ POTUS established a goal of devoting at least $ 200 million per year in grant funds towards STEM education . https : //t.co/4sa7xHZ6ju
RT @ EdWGillespie : Thanks , Nicole ! You can join her by visiting https : //t.co/rWSlqTyMyB and requesting your Absentee Ballot today . https : //t…
There is no place for big gov in health care . Graham-Cassidy will restore power back to the states and empower patients . # GrahamCassidy https : //t.co/NQWiGibSfG
TV drama or real-life saga of a NJ Senator ? Watch this video and decide for yourself . https : //t.co/P78kPOktQm
“ If Menendez is convicted , 84 percent of likely voters said he should resign . ”
https : //t.co/m0CKkGJBEB
A DOZEN BRIBERY CHARGES against Democrat Senator Bob Menendez . RT if you think he should resign if convicted . https : //t.co/mQiU88qLAB
Because of Obamacare , Americans are paying a fine to avoid purchasing a product they don ’ t want or can ’ t afford .
https : //t.co/vNKmAU3yVB
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Congress is working with the administration to ensure necessary resources get to our fellow citizens in # PuertoRico .
CEO Economic Outlook Index ⬆ to 94.5 in 3rd quarter - the highest level since 2014 ! https : //t.co/10yNHCsYkZ
RT @ GOP : Flipping out over this new collector ’ s item at the @ realDonaldTrump store : https : //t.co/sKLfJXxA82 https : //t.co/yLkuwA9txd
Make mornings great again . https : //t.co/IjReBKunsD https : //t.co/U9LhngPujp
Would you give our First Lady a 👍 ? Give us your opinion here : https : //t.co/QspTtMRWDj https : //t.co/0WWQjAMhCP
. @ POTUS did n't apologize for America at the # UNGA this week . https : //t.co/HJ4Ffu9aaL
RT @ GOPChairwoman : So good to be with you last night @ migop ! https : //t.co/bbFfNPSILU
Proud of our @ GOPChairwoman who makes the miles count .
https : //t.co/7dlSHJpnsJ
3 “ Rs ” of @ SecretaryCarson ’ s plan for @ HUDgov :
1️⃣Reimagine HUD
2️⃣Restore the American dream
3️⃣Rethink communities
https : //t.co/mDoJolUeKe
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Great to hear @ SteveScalise is doing well and in good spirits !
https : //t.co/furqRvfKxW
No surprise here . To pay for gov takeover of health care , Bernie proposes increased :
⬆Income taxes
⬆Death taxes
⬆Employer premiums https : //t.co/HSBdWVIeni
Only 10 hours left ! Enter NOW for your chance to have dinner with @ realDonaldTrump → https : //t.co/Nqbggyxqpb https : //t.co/7Ae1kjIAuq
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/FlHN0jB6ks
. @ POTUS and @ nikkihaley are committed to reforming the U.N. and working with member nations to fight rogue regimes . https : //t.co/XMxFSf7Eeo
RT @ ricardorossello : Thank you Mr. President @ realDonaldTrump United , we stand ! # USstrong # PRstrong https : //t.co/csHEFx2B6j
RT @ SpeakerRyan : In the face of devastating hurricanes , the people of Florida and Texas have shown incredible spirit and unity . All of Amer…
Just one more day to enter for a chance to meet @ realDonaldTrump . Enter here for your chance to win → https : //t.co/Nqbggyxqpb https : //t.co/MaY8LqkI2g
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , I announced a new Executive Order with re : to North Korea . We must all do our part to ensure the complete denuc…
RT @ ChiefPentSpox : . @ POTUS sends @ USAID elite disaster team in response to # MexicoEarthquake to help with humanitarian relief . Team include…
To pay for government takeover of health care , Bernie proposes increased :
Don ’ t let the mainstream media stop the truth . We ❤ @ FLOTUS . Do you ? Tell us here : https : //t.co/xKhuUOniOy https : //t.co/Z9Df3556KP
. @ VP : We have to come together as a world community & amp ; demand these rogue regimes , including Iran , stop supporting terrorist activities . https : //t.co/ovwQ0aTGur
FYI ➡ Democrats have the lowest number of governors and lowest number of house members since the 1920s .
. @ BillCassidy shares the story of a Louisiana man paying more than $ 40,000 for his special needs son ’ s health care under Obamacare . https : //t.co/AaZ0IQIfF7
YOU could join @ realDonaldTrump for dinner in NEW YORK CITY . Enter to win right now → https : //t.co/Nqbggyxqpb https : //t.co/eXeq8MdClR
Shanah Tovah to all of our Jewish friends celebrating the start of a new and promising year . # RoshHashanah https : //t.co/dMK8hSCL9v https : //t.co/oq9diSWdsK
RT @ FoxNews : . @ netanyahu : `` When @ POTUS touched those ancient stones , he touched our hearts forever . '' https : //t.co/EbqSZIWPnh
. @ FLOTUS : Our choices on how we raise and educate our children will , in fact , provide the blueprint for the next generation . https : //t.co/SCPPPFNz4M
RT @ VP : The U.S will continue to bring the full range of American power to bear on the regime in Pyongyang . # UNGA https : //t.co/0tQaNEvado
Praise for @ POTUS ’ s UN speech continues to pour in . Thank you , @ POTUS , for your strong leadership on the world stage https : //t.co/Xlk20X8XQU
Here are the key components of the Graham-Cassidy bill . It ’ s time for the Senate to act ! https : //t.co/kUnihsXi7l
The Graham-Cassidy bill removes decisions from Washington & amp ; lets states decide how to best address their unique health care needs .
Obamacare is failing Americans . The Graham-Cassidy Bill is a bipartisan solution that gives power back to the states to help patients . https : //t.co/5ObukA1zkf
RT @ FoxNews : . @ LindseyGrahamSC on health care : This is a choice between socialism and federalism ... @ POTUS has done everything in his power…
Listen to @ BillCassidy explain how the # GrahamCassidy bill will empower patients and give them control of their health care . https : //t.co/jCkIFFHglt
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & amp ; Replace ObamaCare . Money…
. @ EdWGillespie believes Virginians deserve to hear more from their candidates . Tell @ RalphNortham you want more debates . # VaGov https : //t.co/jlGAnIYxOp
How about a flight to NYC and dinner with President @ realDonaldTrump ? It could be you . Enter here . https : //t.co/Nqbggyxqpb https : //t.co/j3PNsloHRE
RT @ MittRomney : President Trump gave a strong and needed challenge to UN members to live up
to its charter and to confront global challenge…
RT @ Surgeon_General : At @ WhiteHouse with # HBCU All Stars- among the nations brightest- discussing leadership , public service , & amp ; wellness ht…
RT @ netanyahu : In over 30 years in my experience with the UN , I never heard a bolder or more courageous speech .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : God bless the people of Mexico City . We are with you and will be there for you .
Thank you , @ POTUS , for representing American interests at the @ UN today . https : //t.co/2Yb9XTE0zB
Make sure you see @ POTUS 's remarks to the @ UN General Assembly today . https : //t.co/gLzocylPnm
Join @ realDonaldTrump in the BIG 🍎 . Enter today for your chance to win . https : //t.co/UyNrhTIbqy
Government takeover of health care is NOT a cure we can count on .
https : //t.co/zVvtCQvZTW
h/t @ POTUS for saving Americans millions of dollars .
https : //t.co/06tgq0530V
. @ GOPChairwoman : @ POTUS is at the UN to say we have a different leader in America & amp ; we need our global partners to help us fight threats . https : //t.co/MBRWuDWhBh
Join @ realDonaldTrump in the BIG 🍎 . Head here for your chance to win → https : //t.co/Nqbggyxqpb https : //t.co/yEn7gGSbgk
RT @ SenateMajLdr : The # Senate just passed a critical defense bill to keep our military ready for the threats our nation faces . # NDAA https : …
RT to stand with Israel . https : //t.co/IXHxluWTYH
Celebrating 70 years of heroism and valor in the skies . Happy birthday to the @ usairforce ! https : //t.co/GitCwQOFzk
Wish @ SecretaryCarson a happy birthday ! Sign his card here ⬇ https : //t.co/tD2CjgLyYw
RT @ usairforce : On this day 70 years ago , the # AirForce became an official branch of the United States military ! Happy # AFBday to our # Tota…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Current state of the Democratic Party : no governing philosophy , no ideas , lots of losses . https : //t.co/HjgD2DyXIu
. @ POTUS : We seek a United Nations that regains the trust of the people around the world . https : //t.co/wJqmGITDqM
Under @ POTUS ’ leadership , unemployment rates are ⬇
AR ⬇ 3.5 %
HI ⬇ 2.6 %
ID ⬇ 2.9 %
IA ⬇ 3.3 %
https : //t.co/AUtlkKNAZq
How would you rate President Trump 's job performance so far ? Tell us here . https : //t.co/PLTF5J0ALO
RT @ SpeakerRyan : . @ SenatorDole is an American hero . And that 's why Congress voted to award him with a Congressional Gold Medal . https : //t.c…
... do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America . # ConstitutionDay
... promote the general Welfare , and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity ...
... insure domestic Tranquility , provide for the common defense ...
... in Order to form a more perfect Union , establish Justice ...
We the people of the United States ... .
It ’ s time to remind the Senate that Americans want to build the WALL . Sign the Official Petition today ➡ https : //t.co/l77gntiYPj https : //t.co/CxWbOZ18OP
The President wants to know your thoughts on tax reform . Take the Official Tax Reform Survey today → https : //t.co/PH7y0Fy0Io https : //t.co/7WKoy4m8Xc
We love our # LeadRight team ! Thank you for your hard work every day !
https : //t.co/0ToWaqUflO
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸
HERE : https : //t.co/Knhh4xY9ea https : //t.co/s28A6X0C77
It 's finally the weekend ! https : //t.co/eCo7KSYsdA
Thank you @ FLOTUS for your commitment to military families across our nation ! https : //t.co/ir5Wmj2jJQ
. @ nikkihaley : it is a new day at the UN . The UN has shifted over the past several months : it 's not just about talking ; it 's about action . https : //t.co/BYBvQZkpqx
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Frank “ FX ” Giaccio-
On behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania & amp ; myself , THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning ! @ NatlParkServ…
Bernie wo n't say how much a gov't takeover of health care would cost but @ SenJohnBarrasso is going to find out . https : //t.co/6aR1WNDdz5
RT @ DeptofDefense : On # POWMIARecognitionDay we remember to stand behind those who serve and those who never returned : https : //t.co/EMf38R6r…
RT @ RNCLatinos : ¡Feliz Mes de la Herencia Hispana ! # HispanicHeritageMonth https : //t.co/PACrmAjVce
This month we honor the achievements of Hispanics across the country . Their contributions continue to enrich and shape the American Dream . https : //t.co/fQJmYEkOHx
We have a once-in-a-lifetime chance to overhaul the tax code . Tell the President your priorities . https : //t.co/1NCrRhGsAH https : //t.co/K13Ddul7Ci
Please have a seat , and we 'll be with you in a year . https : //t.co/5sxbCknZn7
On their way to encourage the victims of Hurricane Irma . https : //t.co/fAxAhff2el
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just left Florida for D.C . The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable . Damage horrific but will be bett…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ POTUS is leading on tax reform . We want to get this done . https : //t.co/Y0KxVvS2AE
RT @ VP : As @ POTUS has said , we are with you today , tomorrow , and we will be with you until Florida rebuilds bigger and better than ever bef…
RT @ justonjohnson : . @ GOP Finance Chair Wynn meeting w/ # RLI Fellows & amp ; Neighborhood Team Leaders . Surprise guest @ KarlRove ! # LeadRight https…
RT @ FLOTUS : Taking off to # Florida w/ @ Potus to meet with @ FEMA and people affected by # HurricaneIrma . https : //t.co/qvdm4jIRSC
. @ POTUS wants to know your thoughts . Take the Official Performance Poll today → https : //t.co/EbpI1Jsv2w
Hey Bernie , just one question . Who ’ s going to pay for this ? https : //t.co/GziyS0NgLQ
. @ SenJohnBarrasso dispels the myth that “ free ” health care works well . https : //t.co/TKRiMGwvX8
RT @ SenateGOP : The # NDAA helps rebuild our military by prioritizing modernization to ensure our troops are equipped to meet current and fut…
29 Democrat Senators have accepted contributions from Sen. Bob Menendez . https : //t.co/0hRS40rBsE
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I 'm saddened to learn of Sen. Pete Domenici 's passing . He was respected & amp ; beloved , and will be missed by all . My condole…
Senate Democrats continue to try to veto @ POTUS ’ s qualified noms through whatever means possible . https : //t.co/AYjq4YDABi
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Here 's the petition I talked about this morning : https : //t.co/PQsXQcr1ll . We must demand Menendez resign if convicted . h…
Want to know what single-payer health care really looks like ? Just ask the rest of the globe . https : //t.co/q9F3SYdsV4
Where does Bernie think the $ 32 TRILLION to pay for single-payer health care is coming from ?
Bernie ’ s single-payer bill would :
👉Cost 32 TRILLION dollars over 10 yrs
👉Hike taxes
👉Lead to long wait times
https : //t.co/Kg1dHUJ80g
RT @ GOP : As Democrats suggest America should move to a single-payer system , let 's remember it failed in Vermont and California . https : //t.c…
Flipping out over this new collector ’ s item at the @ realDonaldTrump store : https : //t.co/sKLfJXxA82 https : //t.co/yLkuwA9txd
How many sitting Senators have accepted contributions from Sen. Bob Menendez ( the guy on trial for bribery and corruption ) ?
If Sen. Menendez ( D-NJ ) is convicted , there could be a felon serving in the Senate . We ca n't let this happen . https : //t.co/7ezwPMFVkX https : //t.co/jxhohsRTc2
Let 's do this ! # LeadRight https : //t.co/am5WHEu9kd
RT @ nikkihaley : The UN Security Council unanimously adopted the strongest sanctions ever against North Korea : # 15-0 https : //t.co/0tNWAZRoSr
Headline says it all . https : //t.co/RXVMcbpFn8
RT @ SenateMajLdr : For more than 50 yrs , Congress has acted every year to pass a defense bill . We will have our opportunity to do so again t…
Tom Perez is 100 % right : In order to fund a government takeover of health care , you ’ d have to “ raise taxes on everyone. ” https : //t.co/vwKQmwlvtj
RT @ fema : FEMA search & amp ; rescue teams supporting # Irma take a moment at Robins Air Force Base ( GA ) to remember those lost on # September11 . # …
Today millions of Americans paused to commemorate 9/11 . Take a look at how they chose to # NeverForget .
https : //t.co/dLLzD0E0fc
RT @ NBCNews : 300 doctors , nurses , and paramedics await takeoff on a C-17 before heading to Orlando for Hurricane Irma response

( Photo : U.S…
. @ VP shared why the heroism of those on Flight 93 is especially moving to him in Pennsylvania today . # NeverForget https : //t.co/n9qUC8iPNK
. @ POTUS : That September morning each of those brave Americans died as they had lived , as heroes , doing their duty and protecting us ...
Watch @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS remember the moment American lives changed forever . # NeverForget https : //t.co/KCVMRQRlJP
We will # NeverForget the souls taken from us too soon and the sacrifice of our heroic first responders . https : //t.co/SJSruENW3f
RT @ GOPChairwoman : My goal : expand GOP majorities , increase our record fundraising , and boost ground game efforts . https : //t.co/tYxMfGpnZY
. @ WSJ : @ BetsyDeVosED gave one of the most important and defining speeches to emerge from the Trump Administration . https : //t.co/clmy29qXCt
We stand with Florida and our friends in the Caribbean . https : //t.co/c6sHpSSBKI
Hurricane Irma is on track to hit the states . Extend a helping hand by contributing to one of these charities : https : //t.co/ul8LnQ2ZY6
If convicted , Democrat Senator Bob Menendez should resign immediately . Do you agree ? https : //t.co/7ezwPMFVkX https : //t.co/hLm40hxO3V
Love this @ POTUS shoutout to @ USCG for their bravery in Texas and Louisiana as well as their continued commitment in Florida . https : //t.co/SuROC9xtDM
When asked if Menendez should resign if convicted , Sen. Ben Cardin said “ I think I ’ m not going to go down that path. ” https : //t.co/65PoY2w4QX
When asked if Menendez should resign if convicted , # NJGov candidate Phil Murphy said he had n't thought about it .
https : //t.co/c3FcnbQMqZ
When asked if Menendez should resign if convicted , Sen. Joe Manchin declined to say . # WVSen
https : //t.co/rIOUDw0g8d
When asked if Menendez should resign if convicted , Sen. Debbie Stabenow declined to comment . # MISen
https : //t.co/kttirVy7Ac
When asked if Menendez should resign if convicted , Sen. Tester said he had n't really been paying attention . # MTSen
https : //t.co/rIOUDw0g8d
When asked if Menendez should resign if convicted , Sen. Chuck Schumer ignored the question . https : //t.co/3pplUYwuFW
Check out some of our favorite photos from @ POTUS ’ s tax reform speech in ND yesterday ⬇ https : //t.co/YwgrbSBMFR
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you , our great honor ! https : //t.co/StrciEwuWs
Watch Senate Democrat Leader Chuck Schumer dodge when asked about Menendez ’ s felony corruption trial . https : //t.co/nGzRCV8KV3
RT @ WhiteHouse : The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators . Learn more : https : //t.co/w5eMl…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : 'President Donald J. Trump Approves Emergency Declarations '

➡️https : //t.co/xSHSyNkvuP
➡️https : //t.co/UbBSFOhMM7
➡️htt…
RT to thank @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS for their personal donation to the # HurricaneHarvey relief efforts . https : //t.co/A9ksK6SHW9
ICYMI → @ foxandfriends highlights Democrat Sen. Bob Menendez 's felony , corruption , and bribery trial https : //t.co/6i8fJjfys0
. @ IvankaTrump : This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda .
https : //t.co/rHqFqUJGWI
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Harvey Aid package passes House . Glad to see swift action to ensure no delay in providing necessary disaster resources t…
RT @ SpeakerRyan : To all those affected by # HurricaneHarvey : getting you the resources you need is the House 's first priority . https : //t.co/…
Watch the story of the American apprenticeships responsible for the @ realDonaldTrump commemorative coin . https : //t.co/sKLfJXxA82 https : //t.co/bpumhrO3WJ
RT @ WardDPatrick : RNC released a @ Snapchat filter this morning around the courthouse in Newark , NJ where Sen Bob Menendez 's corruption trai…
You can help with relief efforts by texting REDCROSS to 90999 and giving $ 10 to American Red Cross Disaster Relief . https : //t.co/ihNr8qhb4k
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ POTUS : `` We pay the highest tax of any country in the world on businesses and we ca n't keep doing that . '' https : //t.co/y3S…
Dems called on Ted Stevens ( R ) to resign immediately in 2008 . Why would it be different with Bob Menendez ( D ) now ? https : //t.co/1moVP17lEj
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ GOP pressures Dems to call on Sen. Bob Menendez to resign immediately if convicted of corruption and bribery .
https : /…
`` I want to work with Congress on a plan that is pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker and pro-American . '' - @ POTUS https : //t.co/2ylSUO93Ag
. @ SecShulkin : My only Party is the veteran ’ s party .
https : //t.co/u9EeNtpdpp
Don ’ t miss out ! Get all Official Trump merchandise 25 % off for Labor Day weekend using the code LABORDAY → https : //t.co/sP70KKSAPW https : //t.co/h2ZomqSALH
Everyone should have a chance to achieve the American Dream . Happy Labor Day ! https : //t.co/AKMAlFyLbh
25 % off ALL Official Trump merchandise for Labor Day weekend . Get your merch → https : //t.co/sP70KKSAPW https : //t.co/E53Bk70akI
Last week , @ POTUS signed a bill to provide our vets the care they rightfully deserve . https : //t.co/AkGakFo7NK
Psalm 46:1 `` God is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble . '' Our prayers go out to all affected by # HurricaneHarvey . https : //t.co/GwgafHmwB5
. @ POTUS ’ s coal-friendly policies are helping to revive the coal industry from years of previous overregulation .
https : //t.co/1L6N80aTCs
RT @ PressSec : In Houston @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS bring smiles to children and give out crayons and coloring books . https : //t.co/zUR6UOTA4e
RT @ CNN : President Trump hugs a little girl who ran up to him as he meets with people affected by Hurricane Harvey in Texas https : //t.co/5m…
We love you Texas . # TexasStrong
https : //t.co/5k2TzpWDrQ
GDP quarterly growth ⬆ to 3 %
Our economy is thriving under @ POTUS . # MAGA https : //t.co/UVi0T02YTV
. @ POTUS is :
✔Fighting unfair trade treaties
✔Investigating Chinese trade practices
✔Renegotiating NAFTA
https : //t.co/sh2idfTfwF
The President has asked for your input . Take the Official Accomplishment Poll today to share your thoughts → https : //t.co/HBkG0W1eOY https : //t.co/WfnigDRSaK
RT @ USArmy : # USArmy continues total force effort for # Harvey relief . Follow @ fema , @ USNationalGuard , @ USCG , @ TexasGuard and @ TXMilitary for…
The overhaul of our tax system is long overdue . Learn more here . https : //t.co/Qg5CfuKTCp
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & amp ; women who have been working so hard . But still so much to do . W…
RT @ MarkGeistSWP : Proud to call @ realDonaldTrump my president . He gets what makes America the greatest country in the world . https : //t.co/g…
. @ VP : As the President says , we are one American family , when one hurts , we all hurt . https : //t.co/j6FgUq2emS
. @ POTUS pledged $ 1 million personal donation to help the victims of # HurricaneHarvey . https : //t.co/fO4k7OJZZU
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS ' team @ SecretaryAcosta , @ SecElaineChao , @ SecretaryPerry , @ SecShulkin & amp ; Acting DHS Sec . Duke discussing # Harvey response on…
. @ KellyannePolls : Sen. Bob Menendez ’ s corruption case is “ stunning , ” and Democrats won ’ t even talk about it . https : //t.co/Ttx0QG9Xfy
. @ POTUS : I want to work with Congress , Republicans , and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , and pro-American . https : //t.co/BFZTKGogbB
We need tax reform that :
☑Grows jobs and paychecks nationwide
☑Makes the tax code simpler and fairer for all
☑Helps middle-class families
. @ TexasGOP is all in to help victims of # HurricaneHarvey . https : //t.co/1urFbGU3Oj
RT @ JohnCornyn : Thanks POTUS and FLOTUS , cabinet , state and local officials , and fellow Texans for heroic response to # HurricaneHarvey . Lon…
RT @ SecretaryZinke : Many law enforcement officers lost their own homes , yet they put their needs aside and go out to rescue neighbors and s…
“ Texas can handle anything. ” - @ POTUS https : //t.co/lSec1jb4HB
RT @ PressSec : . @ GovAbbott briefs @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS on areas most affected by # HurricaneHarvy upon arrival at Fire Station 1. https : //t.co/…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : There are many ways you can help those affected by Hurricane Harvey . Check here for a list of suggested charities . https…
RT @ DeptofDefense : Twitter images show # DoD , @ USCG efforts during # Harvey : Here are some of the most captivating & amp ; where to find help https…
RT @ GregAbbott_TX : Thanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans . # HurricaneHarvey https : //t.co/lhpJtAne10
. @ POTUS : We are one American family . We hurt together , we struggle together and - believe me - we endure together .
Here ’ s how you can help those affected by # HurricaneHarvey :
https : //t.co/n3kUvCEfcc
Truly a testament to everything our country stands for . Continued prayers to our first responders & amp ; everyone impacted by # HurricaneHarvey . https : //t.co/3blKkDztdC
Here 's how to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey : https : //t.co/MZD14PMEBG
To those in the path of # HurricaneHarvey , please stay safe and prepared by visiting https : //t.co/S5rCI7kg5z for more information . https : //t.co/IpCEDIJiZI
RT @ Interior : Happy 101st birthday @ NatlParkService ! RT to help them celebrate # NPS101 # FindYourPark https : //t.co/s8kR0NNpXO
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I have spoken w/ @ GovAbbott of Texas and @ LouisianaGov Edwards . Closely monitoring # HurricaneHarvey developments & amp ; her…
. @ POTUS is committed to easing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and working towards a more peaceful Middle East .
https : //t.co/3J4Qj06Jcf
RT @ VP : As @ POTUS said we will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles . The birthright of the Venezuelan people has always been & amp ; will always be…
Another week , another spike in U.S. consumer confidence . 📈
https : //t.co/XZ7vukL4Qj
RT @ VP : For those in the path of # HurricaneHarvey , please stay safe and check with @ NWSNHC for important updates . https : //t.co/iqbYy4Wa3S
It ’ s time to remind the Senate that Americans want to build the WALL . Sign the Official Petition today ! https : //t.co/uPwsblfZ1p
. @ VP pledges American support for the full restoration of democracy in Venezuela . https : //t.co/4BEakJ381K
# tbt : in 2006 , 80 Senators supported border wall funding incl :
✔Schumer
✔Stabenow
✔Nelson
Why are they now opposed ?
https : //t.co/4dQC3HvvXM
. @ NRSC reminded Indianans of Sen “ Mexico Joe ” Donnelly ’ s outsourcing hypocrisy at a campaign stop in Anderson # INSen
https : //t.co/qBLk692ltz
3 . Board Lane : the jurisdiction for the appeal would transfer immediately to the Board of Veterans Appeals .
2 . New Evidence Lane : vets can submit new evidence for review and have a hearing .
1 . Local Higher Level Review Lane : an adjudicator can review the same evidence considered by the original claims processor .
Yesterday @ POTUS signed the Veterans Appeals Improvement & amp ; Modernization Act . This creates 3 appeals lanes for vets : https : //t.co/uWeWcqPhM1
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Being a working mom isn ’ t easy , but it was really special to have my kids by my side yesterday . https : //t.co/944TMlWyAY
It ’ s time to remind the Senate that Americans want to build the WALL . Sign the Official Petition today➡ https : //t.co/KM02FB9G2b https : //t.co/UcB4F9IvWW
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support

2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/1yD0LsnZ21
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Imagine no longer feeling that sense of dread come tax season . Simplifying our tax code means filing taxes on a form the s…
“ We are people who love . We are people with heart . We are people who endure . We are people who are great. ” @ POTUS at @ AmericanLegion https : //t.co/lpBcRjA5M4
RT @ AmericanLegion : , @ POTUS : To fulfill our patriotic duties , we must take care of our great # veterans . Now you have true reformer in @ SecS…
. @ POTUS is streamlining the process for veterans appealing claims over disability benefits .
https : //t.co/Ou2AIHrO1S
ICYMI ➡ @ USMC welcomed @ POTUS in Yuma , AZ yesterday .
https : //t.co/6xr1cVN6uX
No challenge is too great , no task too large , no dream beyond our reach . # MAGA https : //t.co/HJsJYDHW4M
RT @ realDonaldTrump : MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/RzePiucV3h
Fact : 71 % of the more than 91k administrative arrests conducted by ICE since @ POTUS inauguration have involved convicted criminals .
Sen. “ Air Claire ” McCaskill is so out of touch that she actually believes “ normal people ” fly private . https : //t.co/Si10BVjbYC https : //t.co/KhsZzbPhDg
Here 's what a military spouse had to say about @ POTUS address last night . https : //t.co/0i1UqULsko
Check out what they ’ re saying about @ POTUS ’ s new strategy for Afghanistan and South Asia .
https : //t.co/TXjLz0fLvZ
Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling : Shifting from time-based to conditions-based ... most military professionals would say we should 've done in the past . https : //t.co/3ymhjDC9RM
. @ SpeakerRyan on @ POTUS address : `` I 'm pleased with the decision ... I think I heard a new Trump strategy ... Principled Realism. ” https : //t.co/hf8EgZkuKS
. @ POTUS : Loyalty to our nation demands loyalty to one another . Love for America requires love for all of its people .
https : //t.co/RH5cKag29S
Former Gen. Keane : I 'm impressed because we finally got a commander-in-chief who ... spoke so honestly to the American people . https : //t.co/8ZSUK06T4q
Working alongside our allies , we will defeat terrorists and we will defeat them handily . https : //t.co/sEknGmEj0M
RT @ SpeakerRyan : I want POTUS to succeed so our country succeeds . We have an important agenda we 're working on to improve people 's lives . # …
. @ POTUS : We will work with the Afghan government as long as we see determination & amp ; progress , however…our support is not a blank check .
@ POTUS : We will work with the Afghan government as long as we see determination & amp ; progress , however…our support is not a blank check .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ POTUS took a bold step forward by asserting America ’ s strength worldwide and making crystal clear that we will no long…
Under @ POTUS , we wo n't write a blank check for countries that fail to root out the same forces trying to kill us .
https : //t.co/BTBjWap42C
Join @ SpeakerRyan 's Town Hall here : https : //t.co/It9hfhbu7z https : //t.co/4yRuWB9ycS
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington , Virginia .
➡️https : //t.co/LOV4StdJDj
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Wonder what other excuses Dems will give for their record low fundraising numbers ? https : //t.co/9SdpnaDbDb
RT @ FLOTUS : Exciting to watch the total eclipse with @ potus today ! # Eclipse2017 😎 https : //t.co/85Y8R4yJU7
How often do these Senators vote like Bernie ?
Sen. Brown : 93 %
Sen. Stabenow : 91 %
Sen. Donnelly 79 %
https : //t.co/xSuBb0YN8r
We don ’ t agree with MSNBC often , but when we do… https : //t.co/nZ7fRj7waZ
RT @ VP : Welcoming students to the Naval Observatory this afternoon to see the # Eclipse2017 . Find out when you should look for the eclipse f…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Continued prayers for the families of our brave sailors . https : //t.co/qL6cYg07oE
Do you think we need a commonsense immigration policy ? Take our survey today : https : //t.co/95zaI2vkyo
Check out some of our favorite pictures from @ VP ’ s trip to South and Central America ⬇ https : //t.co/dakHYTO6Ep
. @ MayorGimenez is employing @ POTUS ’ s policies to secure our borders & amp ; keep Americans safe . https : //t.co/F7d4Q6jDdO
Listen to @ SecElaineChao explain the complex permit process required to build highways and bridges in the US . https : //t.co/bfzqMVVskM
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/EY44dPJMX4
RT @ HouseGOP : Another reason for # taxreform → the costly compliance burdens on small businesses . https : //t.co/tZ2BypLMuO
Cheers to freedom ! https : //t.co/qHhpCc2Tca https : //t.co/Q97QCCFZ9O
. @ POTUS , @ SecShulkin are committed to ensuring our vets have access to the benefits and education they rightfully deserve . https : //t.co/yHMotGobIF
Take your # MAGA hat for a spin this weekend . https : //t.co/QZTMkVuk5j https : //t.co/bzR2s3h0er
. @ POTUS is :
✔Modernizing an outdated system
✔Removing roadblocks to improved infrastructure
✔Building on past success https : //t.co/F8RdF0rFBg
In the wake of the tragic events in Barcelona , it is imperative that we continue to strengthen our nation 's security https : //t.co/2EfdEWVZPf
RT @ GOPChairwoman : OTD in 1920 , women won the right to vote . 50 years later , my grandmother ran for Senate . Proud to carry on her legacy & amp ; …
Criminal indictment charges for ex-DWS aide :
⚠Bank fraud conspiracy
⚠Unlawful $ transactions
⚠Falsifying loan app
https : //t.co/uilg8A3zZ3
RT @ GOPChairwoman : This is not a left or right issue . The hate in Charlottesville does n't have a home in the @ GOP or anywhere in the US
htt…
Dems like Chuck Schumer should be asked if they would support a convicted felon serving in their caucus . https : //t.co/iych6GAxgd
RT @ FLOTUS : Thoughts and prayers to # Barcelona
Amb . @ NikkiHaley is right . We can no longer allow Iran to use the nuclear deal to hold the world hostage . https : //t.co/CZpn6E1oVt
RT @ PaulBennecke : Well @ The_RGA filled up one entire wall , so now we are starting to fill another one . # 34GOPgovs # history https : //t.co/cMH…
RT @ GOPLeader : The world ’ s greatest fighting force is prepared to become the world ’ s greatest workforce . # ForeverGIBill https : //t.co/nYwp7D…
Thanks to @ POTUS ’ s commitment to improving our nation ’ s infrastructure we will build :
🛣New roads
🌉New bridges
🚇New tunnels https : //t.co/cfmjON3j1f
Obstruction and resistance is n't helping these 2020 Dems .
https : //t.co/K6NFLA6iKa
The process to build a highway is taller than @ SecElaineChao . @ POTUS is committed to streamlining this complicated system . https : //t.co/gZn3JEZpZS
The Democratic Party is so weak they keep turning back to the same old favorites . https : //t.co/EFB7a8ed2R
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS has said the U.S. seeks `` a future [ in our hemisphere ] where the people of each country can live out their dreams . '' # VPinSA…
RT @ GOPLeader : A strong infrastructure means a strong nation . Working w/ @ POTUS we ’ ll build a 21st century infrastructure for America . # MAG…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Meet @ SecretaryPerry , Secretary of @ ENERGY . https : //t.co/qLf8ei3lxM
. @ POTUS is committed to speeding up construction of highways , bridges , pipelines and other infrastructure projects . https : //t.co/R68BbuwqFT
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Opioids are taking over our communities . Congress has made fighting this epidemic a top priority . https : //t.co/4l6NYjMkMM
. @ POTUS and @ SecShulkin are committed to :
1 . Strengthening the VA
2 . Providing better quality & amp ; more accessible healthcare options for vets https : //t.co/ZbYLvE2RjG
. @ POTUS is committed to ensuring those who have bravely served our country receive the quality care they rightfully deserve . https : //t.co/sPqnCn1EMC
Here ’ s what you need to know about the VA Choice Act which was signed into law by @ POTUS on Saturday➡ https : //t.co/bWIRSzgjAs
Today and every day we honor those who have fought for our freedoms . # VJDay https : //t.co/cbhqiWwjno
Watch : @ POTUS strongly condemns the KKK , Neo-Nazis , White Supremacists , and all hate groups . https : //t.co/x2djdY6n1e
RT @ ChadLivengood : More comments from @ GOPChairwoman saying white supremacist groups and KKK have no home in the Republican Party . # detroit…
. @ POTUS : No matter our color , creed , religion , or political party , we are all Americans first . https : //t.co/8cpmCeY6iv
RT @ VP : As @ POTUS Trump said , `` We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation ... & amp ; true affection for each other . '' # Charlot…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Hatred will not define our country . We pray for the tragic loss of life and all the victims in # Charlottesville .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Free speech may give them the right to do this but also empowers us to unite to loudly speak out against it .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The hate & amp ; bigotry on display in # charlottesville is dangerous & amp ; cowardly .
Republicans now control :
✔34 Governorships
✔26 state governments
✔68 % of partisan legislative chambers
https : //t.co/fEPuT8xpfR
RT @ Philip_Elliott : I tend to hate the Rapid Response blast emails , but I must admit the RNC 's @ michael_ahrens does make them fun with his…
RT @ VP : It ’ s remarkable to think : Businesses large and small have created more than one million new jobs since inauguration day . # VPinIN ht…
Today is the last day to shop our FLASH SALE . Use the code FINALCHANCE for 75 % off ! https : //t.co/fnPaPNgJao https : //t.co/aEJJBlCSK2
. @ POTUS is committed to fighting for working class Americans across the country ! https : //t.co/ANdRtqAqe0
RT @ WhiteHouse : Meet @ SecShulkin , Secretary of @ DeptVetAffairs . https : //t.co/FEomLBgIrj
At this point , it ’ s not clear that even Dems like what their party stands for ... https : //t.co/M03CTVsVEs
RT @ FoxNews : . @ POTUS on First 6 months : `` We had massive executive orders . We got rid of record-setting amounts of regulations . '' https : //t.c…
Today , @ POTUS announced his plan to declare the opioid crisis a national emergency . https : //t.co/s98b3Tr5N0
Yet another reason why the VA Accountability & amp ; Whistleblower Protection Act is needed ... https : //t.co/4ltxCDCcmv
Check out WaPo ’ s take on the NYT large “ screw-up ” on climate change story➡➡➡ https : //t.co/2za0QZabSP
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ robertjeffress : President Trump is willing to do whatever it takes to keep America safe and does not back down once he…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : This scandal is catching up with her… https : //t.co/yBbmcCJ8XM
Dictatorial . Arrogant . Pompous➡ Team Bernie has some harsh words for the DNC . https : //t.co/yxgrlB9yC4
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Strong law enforcement is absolutely vital to having a drug-free society . '' https : //t.co/bgeB36yWJE https : //t.co/7KVUMsOS4p
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS Donald Trump has no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people . https : //t.co/81IewnEYj7
Our Party is fighting for the needs of real Americans . Make your voice heard by taking the 2017 Chairwoman ’ s Survey➡ https : //t.co/PL0MaEMxC8 https : //t.co/EbCAlpTCQg
RT @ GOPChairwoman : For the first time in 60 years , the U.S. is becoming a net exporter in natural gas . https : //t.co/0BbJrh9VuI
The opioid crisis is devastating families across the US . @ POTUS is taking action to protect Americans & amp ; prevent drug addiction . https : //t.co/zO88ckFzEW
RT @ SecShulkin : We 're working tirelessly along side @ POTUS Trump and the @ WhiteHouse to expand our # Telehealth capability to all # Veterans…
The amt of opioid overdose deaths is increasing , that ’ s why @ SecPriceMD & amp ; @ POTUS are working towards a prevention , treatment , & amp ; recovery plan https : //t.co/Ic9KzKIR9H
RT @ GOPChairwoman : More jobs , low unemployment , higher consumer confidence- that ’ s why Americans are rallying behind @ POTUS . https : //t.co/Q…
Thank you to @ SecPriceMD , @ KellyannePolls , and @ POTUS for your commitment to combatting America ’ s opioid crisis . https : //t.co/G40ZS9LdSi
It 's time to update our immigration system . @ TomCottonAR and @ sendavidperdue are doing just that w/ the RAISE Act . https : //t.co/Ns2VQDVbec
Thank you @ NikkiHaley for representing the U.S. and standing strong against North Korea ’ s reckless behavior .
https : //t.co/wyjbeLYMSB
Must read ➡ @ TomPriceMD and @ HHS are reversing regulations that will literally save lives .
https : //t.co/3s38BEPC89
RT @ CNBCnow : BREAKING : S & amp ; P 500 hits all-time high https : //t.co/tX52KheSBo https : //t.co/ScQTp01pAy
RT @ FLOTUS : Opioids are destroying our youth/people . Mtg w @ Potus & amp ; @ SecPriceMD today to give my support to # STOPDRUGADDICTION https : //t.co…
“ I know the @ POTUS is prepared to defend the American people. ” –Ambassador @ nikkihaley https : //t.co/NQKuIAbthj
NEW GALLUP POLL ➡ ➡ Optimism of small business owners is at the highest level in a decade !
https : //t.co/VsIR1T1cIW
RT @ The_RGA : `` Republicans now hold governors ’ seats in 34 states - matching a record high for the GOP . ''
https : //t.co/aasiO1g01J
Currently Dems lack :
❌A Party Leader
❌A Party Message
❌Majorities in State legislatures https : //t.co/h8BOqiKAKE
RT @ VP : Productive meeting with @ BetsyDeVosED & amp ; @ usedgov about the importance of innovation & amp ; multiple pathways to success in our education…
We are delighted to announce our new spokesperson- @ kayleighmcenany . Welcome to the team ! https : //t.co/M1KJg7c4bY
Another record-setting performance for the Dow today , thanks to @ POTUS ! https : //t.co/Ub0P96N33O
RT @ DeptofDefense : On this # PurpleHeartDay and every day , we honor the brave men and women who have sacrificed for this nation . # HonorThem…
UNPRECEDENTED ECONOMIC GROWTH UNDER @ POTUS ! https : //t.co/SLFJKo57ai
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/LdA5Z9eKTm
ICYMI ➡We put another BIG WIN on the board last week at the annual DNC v. RNC softball game . https : //t.co/NJTT5hmxGf
We ’ ve got an incredible team across the country making a difference in their communities . Keep it up ! # LeadRight
https : //t.co/0ToWaqUflO
`` You can put your uniform up , but you 'll never not be a marine . '' - @ WhiteHouse COS General John Kelly .
https : //t.co/Qp1npEUwlT
Last time jobless claims were this low :
✔Cronkite still on TV
✔Rubik 's cube invented
✔People mag published 1st issue
https : //t.co/6ZEy2aRpCZ
There 's always a good deal happening for @ realDonaldTrump fans . Shop today ! https : //t.co/fnPaPNykyY https : //t.co/ePOvWeW7KB
We had an incredible group of interns this summer at the Republican National Committee . Thank you for all your hard work ! https : //t.co/oK1H3C7CXq
RT @ VP : Once distant threats have become local & amp ; all free nations must band together to confront & amp ; overcome these threats . Watch # VPinEurop…
RT @ MickMulvaneyOMB : If being the “ most dangerous ” means helping @ POTUS fight for the forgotten people of America , then I plead guilty .

ht…
1 million new jobs in 6 months
209k new jobs in July
Unemployment rate at 16 yr low
Thanks , @ POTUS ! https : //t.co/5vQaEY9nQP
Thank you to the fearless men and women of the Coast Guard for your service . Happy birthday , @ USCG ! https : //t.co/CS0vlf6p2B
“ I didn ’ t come to Washington for me , I came to Washington for all of you. ” - @ POTUS https : //t.co/DW82vW5Qit
“ I didn ’ t come to Washington for me , I came to Washington for all of you. ” - @ POTUS
1 million jobs in 6 months . Americans are seeing incredible economic progress under @ POTUS . https : //t.co/Y3bJC4NLji
“ The change you voted for is happening every single day. ” - @ POTUS
https : //t.co/ArH5BxeBb0
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Welcome to the party , @ WVGovernor ! We ’ ll make sure you get your very own # MAGA hat . https : //t.co/6fR4KdEUyn
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere , using # VAVideoConnect - available at : ht…
RT if you 're excited to see @ realDonaldTrump in West Virginia tonight ! https : //t.co/bYi3jDxUan
Our vets deserve the best care & amp ; now the same telehealth services available to @ POTUS are accessible to veterans in rural areas . https : //t.co/42mn8DTkqc
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Wonderful to have @ EricTrump and @ LaraLeaTrump join us at @ GOP today . # MAGA https : //t.co/7C2RXBiOrv
Obamacare fail of the day : Aetna completely withdrawing from Obamacare exchanges in 2018. https : //t.co/E5IEjmVsV3
It 's time to build an immigration system that :
✅ Raises wages
✅ Creates jobs
✅ Gives every American a fair shot
https : //t.co/io0OkBghsa
`` Do as I say , not as I do . '' - Liberal Elites
https : //t.co/CxWRBbTXx3
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Cheering on my all-star team at the annual DNC v. RNC softball game ! https : //t.co/QMl2Wx28Sw
The enterprising and ambitious spirit in America is alive ! Just listen to this letter from 10-year-old Frank to @ POTUS . https : //t.co/ve9UinjNhy
LAST CALL WEST VIRGINIA : get your tickets to see @ POTUS today .
https : //t.co/jbx8EWPbio
Listen to this Nebraskan explain how Trump Admin is working for Americans : ‘ @ POTUS is laying the groundwork for the future ’ https : //t.co/ikWbIkhg3N
The RAISE Act creates a merit-based immigration system that protects our workers , our taxpayers , and our economy . # AmericaFirst https : //t.co/HcbnwFeIFL
. @ POTUS isn ’ t giving up on health care and neither should Washington . https : //t.co/9AEPerl0ee
RT @ GOPChairwoman : As I talk with Americans across the country the consensus is clear : @ POTUS ’ s agenda is the agenda of the American people…
Today @ POTUS met with small business owners with @ SBALinda and @ IvankaTrump . Show YOUR support for small businesses :
https : //t.co/yRXr9XdZ8e
`` You 're the dreamers and the innovators that are powering us into the future ... my administration will be there with you ... '' - @ POTUS https : //t.co/GqvVTVB7FJ
Attention West Virginia , @ POTUS will be in Huntington on Thursday and you can join him by clicking here : https : //t.co/jbx8EWPbio cc : @ WVGOP
Debbie Wasserman Schultz facing increasing pressure to testify on the scandal surrounding her staffer . https : //t.co/W2noPwkaIn
RT @ SpeakerRyan : RT if you agree→ It is time for The Wall . https : //t.co/s5MO8SG7SL
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Thank you to the conservative media for covering the DWS scandal ! https : //t.co/jIvC9v2Sv6
As Democrats suggest America should move to a single-payer system , let 's remember it failed in Vermont and California . https : //t.co/IHsvNw31JS
Under the leadership of @ POTUS , the U.S. is committed to making better deals with our global trading partners .
https : //t.co/kNKM5MkMRf
. @ VP is strengthening partnerships around the world . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/by2oN0HtMB
. @ GOPChairwoman : Giving up on health care is not an option .
https : //t.co/kEaLepwCvI
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Team USA ! https : //t.co/z5LgK7J6ws
. @ POTUS : Today we pay tribute to a veteran who went above and beyond the call of duty to protect our comrades , our country , and our freedom . https : //t.co/kDGL86WZyl
. @ POTUS will award his first Medal of Honor today . Here 's the story behind the heroic recipient James McCloughan .
https : //t.co/UcWxctv1Rk
RT @ VP : Important visit to E. Europe underway . @ POTUS Trump sent me here w/ a simple message : America first does n't mean America alone . # VP…
General John Kelly has been serving his country long before his swearing-in this morning . Welcome to the @ WhiteHouse Chief of Staff ! https : //t.co/wU5A29GJVQ
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Loved watching @ POTUS honor our American heroes last week .
https : //t.co/9avpqI4nIn
6 months in and @ POTUS inspires a near 16-year high in consumer confidence ! https : //t.co/AgBl3SGgZb
RT @ WhiteHouse : . @ POTUS has demonstrated his dedication to America 's students by donating his second-quarter salary to the @ usedgov : https : …
ICYMI➡ @ SecretaryZinke and @ Interior are paving the way for new jobs and eliminating Obama era regulations .
https : //t.co/be6ajNZHAd
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Totally agree , Gino . @ POTUS is truly the real deal !
https : //t.co/us28lNXCke
Our vets deserve quality care . @ SecShulkin is committed to ensuring @ DeptVetAffairs fulfills that responsibility . https : //t.co/1adXZ7kZBD
ICYMI ⬇ ⬇ ⬇ https : //t.co/9XURpNRXpF
Why isn ’ t the media asking questions about DWS staffer scandal ? Join us and demand fair treatment from the media➡ https : //t.co/Fd2T7F3dpB https : //t.co/hqo0RouxCp
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Liberals/media criticized Dem 'Better Deal ’ slogan , they 're obviously lacking a nat'l leader to sell their message . http…
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/SLyXun10WF
Getting ready for 2018 and beyond with @ FLGOP in Tallahassee . https : //t.co/Rm0YtKiftC
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I want to echo @ POTUS in commending @ Reince for his service and dedication to the country .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : THIS is a national security threat actually worth investigating , but the mainstream media refuses to cover it . https : //t…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Looks like Washington and the mainstream media may have the Russia collusion story backward… . https : //t.co/He6mrgLYH2
The U.S. economy grew TWICE as fast between April and June than in the first quarter . # MAGA
https : //t.co/rzOqBNWNPR
“ The president is staying in on this fight . He is going to deliver . He made it very clear this morning. ” @ RepMarkMeadows https : //t.co/FS6boQyNW9
RT @ VP : Under @ POTUS our economy is growing , 850,000 jobs have been created & amp ; businesses are more optimistic than they 've been in 20 years.…
Why was Debbie Wasserman Schultz protecting her staffer as he fled the country ? We still need answers . https : //t.co/DPR4BTdvw0
RT @ GOPChairwoman : We ’ re not done yet . We are committed to finding relief for hurting Americans . https : //t.co/26J0Fv7Zuo
Watch @ POTUS honor the heroes from the Alexandria shooting with the Medal of Valor ➡ https : //t.co/4ESwNkyzuL
House passed legislation funding NATIONAL SECURITY efforts :
✔️More troops
✔️Updated equipment
✔️Better training
✔️Improved infrastructure
🚨The House just passed a security bill that fully funds @ POTUS request for a wall along our southern border.🚨
Thank you to all those who selflessly risk their lives every day in the line of duty . https : //t.co/yPMvW0w5jp
RT @ DHSgov : From all of us at DHS , thank you for all that you do # AmericanHeroesWeek https : //t.co/3nb1d8M99K
. @ POTUS , @ SpeakerRyan , @ SenateMajLdr , @ stevenmnuchin1 , @ senorrinhatch , @ RepKevinBrady are committed to helping Americans through tax reform . https : //t.co/4gpCcLu6Af
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump : Thank you for what you did that day and for everything you do every single day . https : //t.co/7ji1c9rgEM
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ CortesSteve : Pres . Trump is delivering on the promise he made to blue collar workers that jobs and investment will com…
RT if you agree w/ @ GOPChairwoman : media should report on the scandal engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz 's office cc : @ NBC @ ABC @ CBS https : //t.co/vaUlA173fg
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The media ’ s refusal to cover the scandal within Debbie Wasserman Schultz ’ s office is appalling . Americans deserve answer…
This administration is on track to accomplish a lot & amp ; continues to put America First . https : //t.co/qpED1OtBJK
A letter from the @ POTUS ’ s new friend ! https : //t.co/DWa71W8hty
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Debbie Wasserman Schultz ’ s staffer may have risked our national security , she needs to answer mounting questions about t…
Today @ POTUS gained a new friend in 9-year-old Dylan . Listen to @ SHSanders45 tell the full story . https : //t.co/Q9rhfMRpKK
Not nearly enough people are talking about how Debbie Wasserman Shultz 's staffer may have put national security at risk & amp ; tried to flee US . https : //t.co/2Dk2aQQ5LU
Gino DiFabio was a lifelong Democrat until @ realDonaldTrump ran for office - and last night he got the chance to meet our president . https : //t.co/2o4RoXTh6V
. @ POTUS : “ We are keeping our promises to the people and , yes , we are putting finally , finally , finally , we are putting America first. ” https : //t.co/wPuc6jh6cO
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Glad to see @ SteveScalise back on the road to recovery ! https : //t.co/3KQWkYOHuC
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown , Ohio this evening . A grateful na…
Debbie Wasserman Shultz needs to answer mounting questions about her staffer ’ s questionable and illegal actions… https : //t.co/2SRZIGiBAa
The average monthly premium has risen 105 % under Obamacare and these Senators just voted to keep it . https : //t.co/GMTyvcRILE
RT @ VP : Proud to break Senate tie to open debate to rescue Americans from failed Obamacare . Thanks to @ POTUS , this is beginning of end of O…
We are one step closer to repealing and replacing Obamacare ! Thank you @ SenateGOP for your dedication to health care reform . https : //t.co/ZLaEUYRcT1
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Obamacare is collapsing . Today ’ s vote is the first step towards rescuing Americans from this failing health care law . ht…
As a former Governor , @ SecretaryPerry understands that Americans have struggled under Obamacare for too long . https : //t.co/tYyQbjcaFH
Dems now blocking natl security and vet legislation . These political games need to stop , for the sake of Americans .
https : //t.co/GDiOTYSNRp
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # 2017Jambo- Remember your duty . Honor your history . Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE & amp ; CHERI…
Welcome back , @ SenJohnMcCain ! https : //t.co/PcSrJdKnss
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ Politico : “ Democrats should fear Republican data operation. “ Couldn ’ t agree more . https : //t.co/5VEQqvqFcX
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Rep. Schiff spends so much TV time on Russia , I wonder how he finds the time to interview witnesses/review docs .
https : /…
Sen. `` Mexico Joe '' Donnelly owes Hoosiers an explanation for privately profiting from a practice he publicly condemns . cc @ INGOP # INSen https : //t.co/I4RPHtdQU6
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The Senate has got to act ! Obamacare is crushing our families . https : //t.co/4Sd7Rkcu61
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS Trump hears you & amp ; is fighting for you & amp ; will keep fighting until we give the American people access to world-class health c…
. @ GOPChairwoman with @ VarneyCo : It 's critical that we fulfill the promises we campaigned on because people are hurting across this country . https : //t.co/oPbZJTLfOP
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Jared Kushner 's statement is insight into how he 's complied to the upmost ethical standards in the face of this witch hu…
RT if you agree . 🇺🇸 # MadeInAmerica https : //t.co/lOQ5YXd6GU
This weekend , take @ SecretaryZinke 's advice . Be sure to get out and enjoy America 's great legacy : our national parks . https : //t.co/9SJMKfxytI
RT @ VP : In the first 6 mos of this admin @ POTUS Trump has fought everyday to deliver on his promises to the American people : https : //t.co/U…
If you 're a veteran who supports @ POTUS
1 . RT to show your support
2 . Get your free sticker ➡ https : //t.co/rQPYkrO0Xr https : //t.co/Ejgwi7fcRE
. @ POTUS pledged to be YOUR voice at # RNCinCLE . Celebrate the moment with 30 % off using the code WINNING → https : //t.co/OMCs7Bk1uO https : //t.co/UysxbYTufO
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` To every patriot who will serve on this ship ... keep the watch , protect her , defend her , and love her . Good luck and Godsp…
The time to act is now . Sign the petition and tell the Senate to repeal Obamacare ! https : //t.co/tFznCD2kgj https : //t.co/OFN3JGNQbu
We are seeing results under @ POTUS ! ➡ICE : 70 % decrease in illegal border crossings . https : //t.co/zrzgQVq9sk https : //t.co/VSJoQZaRP8
Today @ POTUS will commission the newest aircraft carrier to the @ USNavy fleet .
https : //t.co/SN9He1WrE4
RT @ SenTomCotton : It was an honor to meet with USS Arizona survivors today and show these American heroes around the WWII Memorial . https : /…
One year ago , @ POTUS pledged to be YOUR voice at the Republican National Convention . https : //t.co/2QLPDZOCav https : //t.co/MNKeWXBKWl
If you have n't watched @ MickMulvaneyOMB tell one of his favorite stories about Washington spending , do so in honor of his birthday today ! https : //t.co/Bf7eyxoXtN
. @ SenatorTimScott said he 's optimistic after yesterday 's meeting with @ POTUS about healthcare . https : //t.co/pf2X6FIoSW
RT @ SecondLady : Love the b-roll ! ! 😀🐝 https : //t.co/D35cwPyceO
“ One small step for man , one giant leap for mankind. ” https : //t.co/jZGZv30fUA
RT @ RNCLatinos : Nuestra Directora de Medios Hispanos moderó hoy el panel de Future Leadership Conference @ TheCHLI . Le agradecemos la invita…
. @ POTUS continues to promote pro-business policies by withdrawing 800+ proposed regulations never finalized during the Obama admin . https : //t.co/2C0dlLK9gC
Here ’ s to 6 months in office , @ POTUS ! # MAGA https : //t.co/3KI1IGyen4
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenJohnMcCain is an American hero and a fighter through & amp ; through . Pat and I join Americans everywhere praying for his…
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS Trump is right - we are very close to rescuing the American people from the Obamacare nightmare . It has failed , and it has…
. @ POTUS is ready to repeal and replace Obamacare . Now , the Senate must do their part . https : //t.co/gA4cbxDkbk
This is unacceptable➡️ USPS spent $ 90k on overtime so employees could take time off to campaign for Dems in 2016. https : //t.co/fcMIIxsc60
Thanks to @ POTUS :
✔️Stocks at record high
✔️Rising optimism on Wall Street
✔️Pro-Business White House https : //t.co/nsGGS4m0zJ
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The USPS must be held accountable so violations like this never happen again . https : //t.co/494jrL84Lw
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Under the leadership of @ POTUS , illegal border crossings down by 70 % - a historic low . https : //t.co/GnziU8OYpW
🚨The 11 most popular governors are Republican and some of them are in the bluest states in the country . 🚨https : //t.co/v6nlZ7SZis
# MadeinAmericaWeek
Part 1 : Support American businesses .
Part 2 : Celebrate the great American outdoors . https : //t.co/QZ602ePqeK
RT @ VP : Since day one , we ’ ve taken decisive action to promote and protect what @ POTUS Trump calls those three beautiful words : # MadeInAmeri…
Celebrate businesses # MadeinAmerica with 20 % off all American-made # MAGA hats . Just use the code MAGA at checkout . https : //t.co/xpGOK27Dok https : //t.co/IO7RZuwk71
Senator “ Mexico Joe '' Donnelly privately profited off of outsourcing while publicly slamming the practice . https : //t.co/PQe6v6QqdO
RT @ VP : Our @ POTUS knows that America is a nation of dreamers and doers – a nation of producers and growers and makers . # MadeInAmerica http…
# MadeInAmerica is the world standard for quality . The people behind those products will share their principles with @ POTUS today . https : //t.co/qfbdOfQaz9
RT @ justonjohnson : . @ GOP staff # RLI training . S/O to @ jesus_usa for sharing his story ! Apply today https : //t.co/ycSuKr6jRD # LeadRight https…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : While Democrats continue to obstruct and resist , it ’ s time for Republicans to lead and show we can govern . https : //t.co/…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Under leadership of @ SecretaryPerry the U.S. is putting good energy ideas to work & amp ; promoting American resources https : /…
Cersei Lannister has a greater chance of uniting the realm than DNC Chair Tom Perez does of uniting his party . https : //t.co/qKV3USMFpe
Some of our favorites from @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS trip to France . 🇺🇸🇫🇷 https : //t.co/y2qwzPjlSQ
RT @ GOPChairwoman : It is vital we continue to empower girls to get involved in STEM . Thank you , @ POTUS . https : //t.co/rvQc1VK8df https : //t.c…
Obamacare ’ s ongoing failure clearly demonstrates the CBO ’ s health care model is fundamentally flawed . https : //t.co/njsPfWLCw0
There ’ s a # MAGA hat for everyone ! Use the code MAGA for 20 % off ! Find yours here➡ https : //t.co/SdEyHkSq9x https : //t.co/d3p2KMo7mf
Nice work , @ AZGOP ! https : //t.co/klHXRULrnk
. @ POTUS : Obamacare is out of business and we have to get this done . https : //t.co/rqvOW6nJil
Hillary Clinton and John Podesta thought the Sanders FBI investigation was a big deal , too . https : //t.co/MztbsrVppu
Schumer is blocking @ POTUS 's Deputy Sec . of Defense nom even though he was approved in committee by a voice vote . https : //t.co/VcY8a9c78F
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Americans deserve a vote on the # BetterCare Reconciliation Act . The longer we wait , the longer we suffer under Obamacare…
Ever heard of Walter Shaub ? Of course not . The media continually ignores this ACTUAL ethics scandal .
https : //t.co/hOKP0p4oGO
The # NDAA provides the biggest troop pay raise in 8 years and ensures our military has the tools they need to defeat terror . # FY18NDAA https : //t.co/qrs1GZAboK
When Democrats say the # BetterCare Reconciliation Act cuts Medicare… https : //t.co/DcpcmuvrE1
When Democrats say the # BetterCare Reconciliation Act leaves too many uninsured… https : //t.co/eNs81lR1Sm
RT @ foxandfriends : WATCH : The Star-Spangled Banner plays as Presidents Trump and Macron mark # BastilleDay in France https : //t.co/nC0WJhQO58
5 . Includes the largest expansion of pro-life protections to mandatory programs ever .
4 . Provides more options for Americans to buy lower premium plans + no tax credit punishment for those enrolled in catastrophic plans .
3 . Dedicates additional resources to combat the opioid epidemic affecting Americans across the U.S .
2 . Allows Americans to use their Health Savings Accounts to pay for their premiums .
1 . Encourages state-based reforms and provides more help to cover out-of-pocket costs .
Here ’ s what you need to know about @ SenateGOP # BetterCare Reconciliation Act ( BRCA ) :
RT if you 're proud of the example @ FLOTUS is setting on the world stage ! https : //t.co/aMzLNyefTr
Make The Economy Great Again
✔️Tax reform
✔️Curb regulations
✔️Rebuild infrastructure
✔️Fair trade for USA
✔️Cut gov spending https : //t.co/0CRuce48oT
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @ USEmbassyFrance , members of the U.S. Military…
Americans need relief from failing healthcare markets . Dems abandoned their responsibility while Republicans are working to fix their mess . https : //t.co/jCacSVm05o
New CMS Projection➡️44 % of counties will have 0 or only 1 insurer participating in Obamacare in 2018. https : //t.co/NgMl5LQgyF
RT @ GOPChairwoman : By not supporting Kate 's Law Democrats continue to demonstrate just how out of touch they are with Americans . https : //t.…
RT @ VP : I 'm in Kentucky meeting w/ job creators to discuss how @ POTUS & amp ; our administration are working to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . # VPi…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Republicans are committed to finding solutions as Obamacare collapses , yet Democrats are nowhere to be found . https : //t.…
We have a @ POTUS that loves our country and listens to Americans . Share your thoughts here ➡️ https : //t.co/rVzsVIiWba https : //t.co/fS5yeW4DG7
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SenateGOP continues to work for the American people . It ’ s time for Senate Democrats to stop stalling and obstructing.…
Voters want to see their senators work WITH @ POTUS – not just obstruct the admin from working on their behalf . https : //t.co/6Vd0LObrAj
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I agree with @ POTUS- Congress should cancel August recess & amp ; keep working on important issues , including repealing & amp ; repl…
RT if you agree Senate Democrats should end their abuse of Senate rules to undermine & amp ; obstruct @ POTUS nominations . https : //t.co/IAHqAq6bMZ
43 days , THE HIGHEST average time it 's taken for the Senate to confirm a @ POTUS nominee compared to past admins in recent history . https : //t.co/Pi2YDGdhiM
Senate Democrats have allowed ONLY 10 % of @ POTUS confirmations to happen by voice vote , compared to Obama ’ s 90 % . https : //t.co/pYCt2bMlUq
After 8 yrs of an admin that led from behind , @ POTUS reaffirmed America 's commitment to leading on the world stage . https : //t.co/CZ1CUK5dje
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Rough day for Bernie ➡️FBI and grand jury investigations grow as he draws his first primary in a decade . https : //t.co/am…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : 2 million more Americans without insurance this year . How much more proof do we need that Obamacare is collapsing ? https…
. @ Reince45 sets the record straight on Trump-Putin meeting . https : //t.co/M5dh7zu0m4
RT @ GOPChairwoman : “ Obamacare did n't get people healthcare . It got them higher and higher health insurance that they ca n't access healthcar…
Touching gesture by @ POTUS yesterday to one our nation ’ s finest Marines , thankful to our servicemen and women for their continued sacrifice https : //t.co/QxgTSMZbZ4
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The @ GOP cares about every American & amp ; wants them to have every opportunity to succeed , but bigger gov is not the way to…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ POTUS is delivering on his promise to veterans and taxpayers by bringing accountability to the VA. https : //t.co/XeI0WQ…
. @ POTUS : We will confront oppressive ideologies and we will win . https : //t.co/gs01hKoAGI
Illegal border crossings have hit a 6-year low . @ POTUS is making America safe again .
https : //t.co/cwyLDtgz7w
RT if you support @ POTUS ’ s bold stand for individual freedom and sovereignty . https : //t.co/aFozCq2WLb
Another optimistic month for jobs and the economy !
https : //t.co/A1xcMrV0WU
It ’ s time to bring skyrocketing healthcare premiums back down to earth . https : //t.co/HPwXnIMfwm
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ POTUS delivered one of the most important speeches of his presidency yesterday . https : //t.co/HHxpv4PnNy
“ Together , let us all fight like the Poles – for freedom , family , and God . ” - @ POTUS
https : //t.co/dUJFKdXIdW
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you Copernicus Science Center for the lovely tour . The children were brilliant & amp ; kind ! I enjoyed it very much . # Warsaw # P…
“ It is the people , not the powerful , who have always formed the foundation of freedom and the cornerstone for our defense. ” https : //t.co/krjBaXhj1O
More Democrats want $ 32 TRILLION in new spending to pay for government-run health care . https : //t.co/1z6hovkLvs
Premiums ⬆
Healthcare costs ⬆
Choices ⬇
Markets ⬇ https : //t.co/pMgHVQWu0U
From Alabama to Alaska , premiums under Obamacare are skyrocketing . https : //t.co/k1C5skEacU
Join us in wishing a happy birthday to President George W. Bush ! https : //t.co/2xrfGV3jZl
`` There are problems with Obamacare ... '' Where 's your plan , @ SenWarren ? https : //t.co/60SGXmMk63
If you 're willing to do anything to make Obamacare better , where 's your plan @ Sen_JoeManchin ? https : //t.co/oP1NnrlIcp
@ HillaryClinton @ billclinton `` Deductibles are too high , co-pays are too high . '' Where ’ s your plan , @ SenSanders ? https : //t.co/hlRObwgyZw
@ HillaryClinton Obamacare is “ crazy. ” Where 's your plan , @ BillClinton ? https : //t.co/vpUZbbxp4W
“ We ’ ve got to fix what ’ s broken. ” Where 's your plan , @ HillaryClinton ? https : //t.co/CmRB4mCsZd
Our healthcare system is collapsing , but Democrats refuse to bring anything to the table . Where ’ s THEIR plan ? https : //t.co/sBkVQOEEGg
RT if you ’ re proud to be an American ! https : //t.co/MWJoPy9vtZ
Happy Birthday , America ! We ’ re thankful to live in a country that prizes freedom and honors those who fight for it ! https : //t.co/ieNWBniF7d
🕐Time ’ s almost 🆙 Don ’ t miss our Independence Day sale ! Just use code 1776 at checkout . https : //t.co/6imvAuDQT8 https : //t.co/5ap9jfiP8H
Tomorrow we celebrate America the beautiful , but we ’ re thankful for those that protect her every day .
https : //t.co/cXonPHqCCi
Quench your thirst for freedom this 4th of July with this pint glass ! https : //t.co/qxhCJf8bkg https : //t.co/VOKb8U4HUx
General Mattis shared the most rewarding part of being Secretary of Defense and it will make you proud to be an American . https : //t.co/WCrofTMsGd
Make backyard BBQs great again with @ POTUS 's Official USA hat ! Use code 1776 at checkout for 25 % off : https : //t.co/qguru2wxvi https : //t.co/uiuyMqdjyx
Who 's wearing their # MAGA hat this weekend ? 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/w5WsBeCbxW
We 're ready for the weekend . https : //t.co/ZPiZcnjSm1
. @ SenSanders has some explaining to do ... https : //t.co/0Udven8YZQ
RT @ VP : S. Korean President Moon Jae-in & amp ; I paid tribute to the veterans of the Korean War at a wreath-laying ceremony at the Korean War Me…
Democrats are playing political football . This administration is focused on helping Americans . https : //t.co/WpSk7h85F2
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act means my tax dollars WO N'T fund jurisdictions whose policies make us less safe . https…
Two years ago , Kate Steinle was shot in the back by an illegal alien . # KatesLaw is about preventing these senseless tragedies .
RT @ POTUS : Today , the House votes on :

☑️ # NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
☑️ # KatesLaw

☑️Pass these bills & amp ; lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN ! http…
Listen to the story behind the Danny Oliver Act , told by Danny ’ s daughter . This is why today 's immigration bills are important . https : //t.co/4yKPiFC1im
RT @ HHSGov : @ CMSGov 14 # Nevada counties are projected to have zero insurers on the # Obamacare exchange in 2018. https : //t.co/dsvhncxU30
RT @ GOPChairwoman : We are committed to providing Americans with affordable and accessible healthcare . https : //t.co/4ixih7SR0a
RT if you ’ re one of the millions of Americans forgoing healthcare . https : //t.co/KlYtlxeGE7
@ clairecmc Not only did @ clairecmc lie abt meeting the Russian Amb. , she used her foundation 's money to visit his house . https : //t.co/5zmaqeWGNa
Alabama : ⬆️ 223 %
Alaska : ⬆️ 203 %
Lousiana : ⬆️ 123 %
Montana : ⬆️ 133 %
N. Carolina : ⬆️ 176 %
Tennessee : ⬆️ 176 %
# ThanksObamacare https : //t.co/evfonlYZJq
. @ BernieSanders is livid that he ’ s actually being asked about the FBI investigation into him and his wife for fraud . https : //t.co/Zf5IewuUiH
We ’ re going to talk about it , Lynette . Stories like yours must be told . We can ’ t let Obamacare hurt any more Americans . https : //t.co/84dk2XyzUI
Beyond the political noise , there are families across the nation suffering under Obamacare . https : //t.co/lRaDuB9dCG
The FBI is investigating @ SenSanders & amp ; his wife for bank fraud and Bernie is refusing to answer any questions… https : //t.co/EIydrbMkNJ
Democrat @ clairecmc said she never met with the Russian ambassador , but she actually did ... .at his house . ➡️ https : //t.co/Uv223HbUUD https : //t.co/tM9wzC4tdf
Do you know the answer to question 5 ? Find out now . https : //t.co/P46byoZLo2 https : //t.co/KtqoicN1T9
Obamacare is simply not sustainable . Listen to Anthem ’ s CEO say it himself . https : //t.co/5sYw0b1r6F
Enough said . https : //t.co/GXnPGw6Sm0
. @ POTUS ’ s travel restrictions put American Safety FIRST . RT if you support a stronger , safer America for generations to come .
KING : Is there anything in the Republican bill that you think you can work with ?
PELOSI : No .
KING : Nothing ?
PELOSI : No .
# Obstruction https : //t.co/n5q71fItXR
RT @ VP : . @ SecPriceMD is right : `` By its very own standards , the so-called Affordable Care Act has failed . '' Read more in the @ DeseretNews . ht…
This is not a drill ➡️ @ SenSanders admits Obamacare is failing and wants healthcare to be a single-payer program .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : “ I just had it in my own heart , I had a very strong obligation to take care of them. ” - @ POTUS on our veterans . https : //…
. @ POTUS on healthcare : If it was the greatest bill ever proposed in mankind , the Democrats would still resist . https : //t.co/PpKPl7b9lh
You can be the first to know when @ POTUS will be in your area . Get updates that matter straight to your phone ! https : //t.co/MmQbGCvNox
. @ POTUS is boosting economic optimism . Unemployment is at a 16-year low & amp ; the stock market is hitting record highs . https : //t.co/awsoauflxZ
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Dems created disastrous Obamacare and now they ’ re sitting on their hands when Americans are crying out for relief . https…
Hear from @ SenateMajLdr himself about the steps the Senate is taking to repeal Obamacare . https : //t.co/BmdUkhVbOS
You can ’ t possibly fail this quiz more than Obamacare has failed American families : https : //t.co/NTQZQtBwIA https : //t.co/aFSO8Bn74M
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Americans are calling for relief from Obamacare and Republicans are the ones working overtime to fix it . https : //t.co/kh…
Promise Made . Promise Kept . https : //t.co/HZ48Z6I17H
By cutting the red tape at @ DeptVetAffairs , @ POTUS is finally giving veterans the benefits they need and rightfully deserve .
The action @ POTUS is taking today is long overdue . We must hold the VA accountable to our deserving vets . https : //t.co/j0bHfF19AS
RT @ GOPChairwoman : No joke about killing @ POTUS is acceptable . I 'm sick of celebrities getting away with such disgusting comments . https : //…
We # StandWithNancy because we ’ re not tired of winning . 4-0 !
For a party that makes charges against us for being stuck in the past , it sure doesn ’ t sound like the Dems ’ leadership is open to change… https : //t.co/tvzF70J4VS
Here 's the truth : repealing Obamacare gives American families much-needed relief . https : //t.co/rLZLiqfuEJ
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Thank you for putting this together , @ DanaBashCNN . The women in Washington have important stories to tell . https : //t.co/…
. @ GOPChairwoman is breaking barriers for women in Washington and all over the country . We couldn ’ t be more proud ! https : //t.co/F5MFzwjp2f
RT @ WhiteHouse : # Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans . It has failed the American…
Anthem exits IN , WI . ➡️ How much failure will it take before Democrats drop their obstructionism and join Republicans in fixing healthcare ?
RT @ GOPChairwoman : What the media needs to realize is that @ POTUS ’ s agenda resonates with Americans and they 're sending Republicans to DC w…
“ Karen , if you can win , it says to every 8-year-old girl that she can do it too. ’ ” – Sophia , 8 years old . # gapol # GA6 https : //t.co/kVS4M5tiBs
The Dems spent over $ 30M for @ Ossoff to get the same 47 % that Hillary Clinton did in # GA6 in 2016 – and to underperform his 48 % primary .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : My warmest congratulations to @ karenhandel ! She 'll stand for the people of # GA6 and continue to bring much-needed change…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I am confident that @ RalphNorman will be an outspoken voice for conservative values and an ally in making America great…
Classic photo op of Jon @ ossoff voting in # GA6 on Election Day . # gapol https : //t.co/mDBuCeWMR1
. @ washingtonpost called out @ NancyPelosi for lying to save Obamacare . Details here : https : //t.co/xFzvkPkm6w
Dems are on record stating they have no interest in fixing Obamacare . Good luck trying to tell voters it ’ s Republicans refusing to talk . https : //t.co/wc7uF5Hhf4
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Jon @ ossoff lives just down the **very long** street from GA-6 . # gapol
https : //t.co/HXk6Ikycgk
If you haven ’ t taken this quiz yet , you need to . Learn exactly why Jon @ Ossoff isn ’ t the right choice for # ga6 . https : //t.co/QNDmzVKiBB https : //t.co/jTpc5kF5X2
Best Father ’ s Day gift ? Telling him he won our contest to have dinner with @ POTUS . Enter for your chance to win : https : //t.co/FXCIyJBqCd https : //t.co/0VW9IfS9ON
Happy Father ’ s Day to all the dads out there ! RT if you ’ re thankful for your dad . https : //t.co/fwUt2Khkwe
✅Flight to DC
✅Photo with @ POTUS
✅Dinner with @ POTUS
Enter for your chance to win .
https : //t.co/FXCIyJBqCd https : //t.co/D9NgcMIBrU
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families . Thank you to our Japanese allies for their…
. @ wsj praises @ BetsyDeVosED for rolling back Obama-era rules that put lawyers & amp ; special interests before students ⬇️ https : //t.co/eem0dLMw5O
Enter for your chance to win a BIG LEAGUE dinner with @ POTUS . https : //t.co/FXCIyJBqCd https : //t.co/0jENmI3cnr
There are some things you should know about the Dem candidate Jon @ Ossoff before Tuesday 's special election . # gapol https : //t.co/QNDmzVKiBB https : //t.co/tZKttTa3dT
Earlier this week , @ POTUS celebrated a birthday ! Today is your last chance to sign his birthday card : https : //t.co/L16t8xDiNK https : //t.co/MgoSTgwlmb
“ We will respect Cuban sovereignty , but we will never turn our backs on the Cuban people . That will not happen. ” - @ POTUS https : //t.co/hCeh3dNZHA
The Castro regime is still oppressing the Cuban people . @ POTUS is right to fix Obama 's failures on human rights . https : //t.co/VRIV917Zn3
RT @ GOPChairwoman : It ’ s the last day to advance vote in # GA6 . Find your polling location at https : //t.co/64uk5o6cO8 and GOTV for @ karenhan…
RT @ PhilBryantMS : The MS unemployment rate in May 2017 was 4.9 % . The lowest rate since the Dept . of Labor began publishing state unemployme…
`` For all the noise and fury , we are one family . '' Let 's play ball ! https : //t.co/YYep5YbnKp
# TBT to when Democrats warned against leaks and innuendo coming from FBI investigations . https : //t.co/QE1zIzzjPE
Legal expert , after legal expert , after legal expert say no obstruction occurred . https : //t.co/4sz9S3zMpe
Happy Birthday , @ POTUS !
RT @ RepKihuen : . @ HouseDemocrats praying for our @ HouseGOP @ SenateGOP baseball colleagues after hearing about the horrific shooting . https : /…
RT @ VP : Karen & amp ; I are praying for @ SteveScalise , the Capitol Police , & amp ; all hurt for a speedy recovery . Our hearts are with them & amp ; their lov…
RT @ RepMoBrooks : Praying for those injured at this morning 's practice . I 'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their li…
RT @ SpeakerRyan : For all the noise and fury , we are a family . An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us . https : //t.co/ZbkXuwlbGk
RT @ FoxNews : President # Trump called for unity following the shooting that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise injured . https : //t.co/Xei…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Thoughts and prayers with all affected by the shooting today in Virginia .
Listen to @ SenTomCotton point out the one question Democrats DIDN ’ T ask at today ’ s # SessionsHearing https : //t.co/T3qUEfi5hp
One day until @ POTUS 's birthday ! Have you signed his card yet ? https : //t.co/NGHepjK0UB https : //t.co/5ozf0Xtjun
The bottom line of the # SessionsHearing . https : //t.co/UWLfDcdQVw
AG Sessions : You ’ re suggesting through innuendo that I haven ’ t been honest . # SessionsHearing https : //t.co/3zLxXUbrK5
U.S . Senators meet with hundreds of foreign dignitaries & amp ; ambassadors as part of their duties in Congress . # SessionsHearing
RT @ GOPChairwoman : For 50 years , Jeff Sessions has sworn to protect and uphold the Constitution . The notion that he would undermine the cou…
Fact : Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak met with Obama staffers 22 times between 2009-2016 . # SessionsHearing
The following Dems met w/ Russian officials in recent yrs : @ NancyPelosi , @ chuckschumer , @ clairecmc , @ SenFeinstein➡️ https : //t.co/yGMgP98ngd
AG Sessions denied the supposed 3rd meeting with Russians in 2016 . That debunks 3 false media narratives this week . https : //t.co/0Ga22vPMYd
AG Jeff Sessions asked for an open hearing in full view of the American public because there ’ s nothing to hide . # SessionsHearing
. @ GovWalker on # WorkforceWeek : “ Giving more power to the states allows to put a greater emphasis on the dignity that comes from hard work. ” https : //t.co/VEO7Pg0NFR
. @ WashingtonPost analysis confirms what we already knew : @ POTUS 's nominees faced ‘ record-setting long ’ delays : https : //t.co/fOOaUxCUa4
Enough is enough . There ’ s been no evidence of collusion with Russia . America is ready to move on . https : //t.co/kGhBF9Tafv
“ Resist ” and “ obstruct ” - it ’ s not much of a vision , but it ’ s all the Democrats have got . https : //t.co/WS7bE2BUbi
Guess who celebrates a birthday on Wednesday ? Our @ POTUS ! Be sure to sign his card tonight : https : //t.co/NGHepjK0UB https : //t.co/BRBZVu3z5h
2M Americans fell off Obamacare coverage since Jan. What further proof do you need to see Obamacare was a bad deal ?
https : //t.co/wsOGym4pXb
We stand behind President Donald J. Trump and are proud to help the grassroots voice get to Washington . https : //t.co/qXE8EkI9aN
Washington quickly forgets that for most Americans , Russia is “ far from their biggest concern. ” https : //t.co/c2lZuhrkLI
RT @ FLOTUS : Looking forward to the memories we 'll make in our new home ! # Movingday https : //t.co/R5DtdV1Hnv
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Remembering the lives we lost last year and reminding our enemies we will not tolerate hate . We stand with you , Orlando.…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Happy birthday @ GeorgeHWBush ! It ’ s an honor to share the title of @ GOP Chairman with you . Your example of leadership con…
. @ POTUS is focused on putting America back to work by providing citizens with the skills and training they need to succeed . https : //t.co/EIEsv1UvyG
You don ’ t want to miss this . Enter now for a chance to have dinner with @ POTUS . # MAGA https : //t.co/FXCIyJBqCd https : //t.co/vR48EtgWFF
`` The President is laser focused on helping the American people . '' - @ GOPChairwoman https : //t.co/m7vYluSde3
You could win dinner with President Donald J. Trump ! Enter for your chance today . https : //t.co/FXCIyJBqCd https : //t.co/WnyLrcWJVH
So proud of @ GOPChairwoman for leading the charge and inspiring other women to do the same . https : //t.co/ybSqYC9tzO https : //t.co/UGc5LinLOF
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Contributing to @ DanaBashCNN ’ s series on the women of Washington has been a wonderful experience . Stay tuned for highlig…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The media can continue to lack awareness and lie , but middle America knows @ POTUS is fighting for them . https : //t.co/d6b…
James Comey proved yesterday that he ’ s a partisan player unable to insulate himself from politics . https : //t.co/NnrRoJcPqT
WATCH @ POTUS flip through the 70lb environmental report required to build an 18-mile road . Our regulations have gotten out of hand . https : //t.co/lpTKvagB6h
Now that the # ComeyHearing has vindicated @ POTUS , it ’ s time to get back to focusing on the American people . https : //t.co/oTudYdvWu8
The article Comey told us is “ not factual ” is still up on NYT ’ s website . And Washington wonders why Americans don ’ t trust the media .
# BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/wezZITeBFg
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Takeaways :
1 . There ’ s still no evidence to support Russia collusion .
2 . @ POTUS isn ’ t under investigation .
3 . Comey leaks…
Watch Comey admit back-to-back that @ POTUS did not interfere in any investigations . # ComeyHearing # BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/FF6yegqpNN
RT to get the message out : @ POTUS was never under investigation . # ComeyHearing # BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/EUmrzqtvCa
What did you learn from the # ComeyHearing today ?
Former FBI Director James Comey admitted that he leaked his memos about @ POTUS to the press . https : //t.co/eRSKoLASld
# BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/0i7yIwkMsy
Firing Comey was perfectly within the rights of @ POTUS . Needed to happen after losing confidence from both sides of the aisle . # ComeyHearing
# BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/Zz4qKzvGbH
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Can we go back to the fact that Comey leaked memos and shared them with the media before Congress for political impact ? …
If Comey truly felt uncomfortable , why not raise a red flag while under oath the first time ? # ComeyHearing # BigLeagueTruth
James “ I could be wrong ” Comey . # ComeyHearing # BigLeagueTruth
# BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/5ZcqnJmFQz
RT @ DonaldJTrumpJr : I wonder why that is ? ? ?

I do n't often ask for RTs but this one is likely worth it . https : //t.co/KSZYlPg6L3
# BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/jSkYHxwmwN
Comey says `` I do n't know '' a lot . # ComeyHearing # BigLeagueTruth
. @ POTUS never interfered in Comey ’ s investigations . Glad we had a # ComeyHearing . # BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/KjHDSNK252
# BigLeagueTruth : Comey testified under oath that @ POTUS never asked him or anyone else to end any investigation . # ComeyHearing https : //t.co/8hSdp47SV5
So when the left narrative is that @ POTUS “ asked for loyalty ” …
# ComeyHearing # BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/F2sqMg1wmQ
# BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/ZnEUcyyh3U
So according to Comey , @ POTUS never asked to stop the investigation and Russia didn ’ t change a single vote . Good to know . # BigLeagueTruth
Comey : No votes were altered in the 2016 election . # ComeyHearing
# BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/2ao31Kw4AV
RT @ GOPChairwoman : This headline is spot-on . “ Democrats Once Had Only Contempt for James Comey . But That Was Then. ” # BigLeagueTruth https : /…
FYI here ’ s what Democrats said about Comey just a few months ago . # BigLeagueTruth https : //t.co/nrUxyD6Umt
Get the # BigLeagueTruth during the # ComeyHearing and learn more about the team at https : //t.co/S1bfwIelWa . https : //t.co/F84lQWJU9a
Trying to find something of substance in Comey ’ s opening statement like https : //t.co/igLC4JPREg
. @ POTUS is slashing regulations , reducing time on projects , & amp ; dedicating $ 200B to REBUILD U.S. infrastructure . That ’ s putting America First .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : *WATCH* NSA Director Admiral Mike Rogers : Never Asked To Do Anything “ Immoral , Unethical , Or Inappropriate ” https : //t.co…
HAPPY BIRTHDAY @ VP ! Have you signed his birthday card yet ? https : //t.co/1tPwxzgyTj https : //t.co/rMHDKdpmqE
It 's almost @ VP 's birthday . Sign the card now to wish him a Happy Birthday and a wonderful celebration ! https : //t.co/1tPwxzgyTj https : //t.co/6EH8M6JY7c
Even CNN is calling out Democrats for prolonging an obsession and impeding the President ’ s ability to productively lead . https : //t.co/pD0ZRfY4n1
Seventy-three years ago today , our brave young men landed on the beaches of Normandy to fight for freedom and liberty . https : //t.co/KSR7eLs3eY
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Finally , an administration that isn ’ t afraid to take our country into the 21st century . https : //t.co/RT8swcfYZI
“ The President has made very clear from the beginning…that his first duty is the safety and security of the American people. ” https : //t.co/ctAjieWGRL
. @ NikkiHaley on what leaving the # ParisAccord means . It ’ s not about abandoning our planet , it ’ s about striking a responsible balance . https : //t.co/IbwmsSWhdq
As the @ WhiteHouse monitors the situation in # London , all of our thoughts and prayers are with the city and the victims & amp ; their families .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Great to see support for @ POTUS decision on the Paris Accord at the White House today . # PittsburghNotParis https : //t.co/…
Supporters gathered to thank @ POTUS for putting Pittsburgh – and the rest of America – before foreign interest .
https : //t.co/JP0LVQ1GPo
Promise made , promise kept . Read our take on the Paris Accord . https : //t.co/1sGTFVWceD
The attention to climate change hasn ’ t changed . The attention to American interests has . https : //t.co/N6IxjyQLVs
American taxpayers were heavily subsidizing an agreement that the Accord acknowledged would have almost no effect on the global temperature . https : //t.co/3xgJIEOd2h
. @ POTUS made the promise to put America first – and he ’ s going to keep that promise . https : //t.co/nnNMjKgkLo
Making ourselves beholden to foreign bureaucrats is n't the way to decrease emissions . https : //t.co/tQGs2zDKmz
RT @ GOPChairwoman : The Paris Accord was expensive , ineffective , and the US joined without the consent of Congress - thanks to Obama . I 'm no…
RT if @ POTUS represents you . # ParisAgreement https : //t.co/h453buHRg1
The U.S. is already making strides in green energy . Today , there are more than 3 million jobs in the clean energy economy . https : //t.co/wKiHLBxGuw
Thanks to @ POTUS we ’ ll no longer be captive to the burdensome Paris Accord at taxpayer expense . PROMISE MADE . PROMISE KEPT . https : //t.co/RIMWNrdZxr
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE at 3pm EDT as @ POTUS makes a statement regarding the Paris Accord : https : //t.co/PJIJxoJ4sz https : //t.co/6sWLgmro…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : You could say she persisted…that it wasn ’ t her fault .
https : //t.co/MvUFMQy8Oi
Let ’ s take a look at some of Hillary Clinton ’ s post-Election notes . https : //t.co/kV3O1RYgBd https : //t.co/D2H84VQINn
“ I inherited nothing from the Democratic Party , ” she said . https : //t.co/bYzNn2481h
Too soon to make a reference about the DNC being “ dead broke ” ? https : //t.co/5KOf1oBvfj
It ’ s the last day of # MilitaryAppreciationMonth . Take a look back at some of our favorite moments . https : //t.co/cXonPH91dI
RT @ Reince : Finally ... something @ HillaryClinton and I can agree on : @ GOP has much better resources and data than @ TheDemocrats .
https : //t.…
Behold the power of craftsmanship ( h/t @ RNCdata ) , leadership ( h/t @ Reince ) , and partnership ( h/t @ parscale ) .
https : //t.co/IxoBMZIP4I
RT @ RNCData : Never thought we ’ d agree with Hillary Clinton , but she ’ s 100 % correct on this one . https : //t.co/BsV1DaYILG
4/4 In fact , former WH Chief Of Staff Sununu reminded CNN : “ You guys have made ‘ backchannel ’ a derogatory term ... it 's a positive asset. ” https : //t.co/re412DGrnp
3/4 Also , backchannel intelligence communications are normal ; they happen “ all the time , ” said Former Clinton CIA Director Woolsey . https : //t.co/XqrcJPlhH1
2/4 The former Intelligence Director Clapper literally said “ I Saw No Direct Evidence Of Collusion ” in the Trump administration . https : //t.co/yCzGlQ5Wsa
1/4 Hey media , let us know when you ’ re ready to talk about news . For those out there wanting some real updates…
Yesterday , our Commander-in-Chief addressed families of the fallen at Arlington National Cemetery . We will never forget their sacrifice . https : //t.co/MdTDqZFV2e
. @ POTUS is back from his first international trip . He stood for the USA at every step . Check out the highlights !
https : //t.co/JYOVPaSl7J
RT @ ChelseaClinton : This is vile and wrong . It is never funny to joke about killing a president . https : //t.co/zIiuKoMyFw
Since when did this kind of behavior become ok ? https : //t.co/97Atj65dBd
RT @ LaraLeaTrump : Even decaf is delicious in this mug # MAGA ☕️🇺🇸 https : //t.co/zZHSWbOnZv https : //t.co/kvvT2afl4U
How to celebrate # MilitaryAppreciationMonth :
1 . Choose a postcard .
2 . Write a note .
3 . Print and send to a vet .
https : //t.co/Cv815nW1yj https : //t.co/WxspNdp7WJ
Today we honor our fallen heroes and celebrate the freedom they secured through ultimate sacrifice . Happy Memorial Day , America ! https : //t.co/IXcYTae2ON
After years of staggering debt , we 're restoring fiscal sanity to the U.S. https : //t.co/kUb7OTilHb
Don ’ t forget to say thank you to a member of the Armed Services during # MilitaryAppreciationMonth - could be as simple as a cup of coffee . https : //t.co/IBAXOJeCSW
Say thank you during # MilitaryAppreciationMonth by customizing a postcard & amp ; sending to your favorite hero . 💌🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Cv815nW1yj https : //t.co/cy9xAQoIVO
We also got an inside look at @ DarrellIssa ’ s collection of challenge coins during our deliveries . So thankful for those that serve ! https : //t.co/ikVNlgTQ7G
During our deliveries , we discovered @ RepJimBanks promises to hire as many veterans as he can on his staff . https : //t.co/lWbzqZeu02
This week , we took coffee to our members of Congress that have served in the Armed Forces to say “ thanks a latte ” for their service . https : //t.co/G8nBd7FTti
Start your holiday weekend off right . Get your own # MAGA mug here : https : //t.co/Y5U8tMOFLg https : //t.co/tgHaWYYyhJ
Swinging into the weekend like @ SecondLady and @ SecretaryZinke . https : //t.co/IHR7kQN3Sg
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Pleased to see a win in MT last night as well as an apology . https : //t.co/KG95Z6eYsf
. @ FLOTUS personally asked if she could visit these children and then spoke to them in their native language . 💗
https : //t.co/g1qhR2gyM9
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis . I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEACE i…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Politicians must realize how much # ObamaCare has affected life outside their bubble . https : //t.co/Rm1G3z7cA0
Wyoming :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 297
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 614
Increase ⬆ 107 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Wisconsin :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 266
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 514
Increase ⬆ 93 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
West Virginia :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 261
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 702
Increase ⬆ 169 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Virginia :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 229
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 405
Increase ⬆ 77 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Utah :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 159
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 319
Increase ⬆ 101 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Texas :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 222
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 404
Increase ⬆ 82 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Tennessee :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 213
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 587
Increase ⬆ 176 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
South Dakota :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 242
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 541
Increase ⬆124 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
South Carolina :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 233
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 512
Increase ⬆120 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Pennsylvania :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 242
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 533
Increase ⬆120 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Oregon :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 220
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 462
Increase ⬆110 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Oklahoma :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 206
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 620
Increase ⬆ 201 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Ohio :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 222
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 413
Increase ⬆ 86 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
North Dakota :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 278
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 399
Increase ⬆44 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
North Carolina :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 240
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 662
Increase ⬆176 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
New Mexico :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 186
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 366
Increase ⬆ 97 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
New Jersey :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 428
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 479
Increase ⬆ 12 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
New Hampshire :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 302
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 399
Increase ⬆ 32 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Nevada :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 204
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 379
Increase ⬆ 86 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Nebraska :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 235
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 595
Increase ⬆ 153 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Montana :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 249
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 581
Increase ⬆ 133 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Mississippi :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 211
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 455
Increase ⬆ 116 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Michigan :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 212
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 402
Increase ⬆90 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Maine :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 335
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 518
Increase ⬆ 55 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Louisiana :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 248
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 552
Increase ⬆ 123 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Missouri :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 197
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 483
Increase ⬆️ 145 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Kentucky :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 232
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 406
Increase ⬆75 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Kansas :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 231
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 476
Increase ⬆106 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Iowa :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 251
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 526
Increase ⬆110 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Indiana :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 242
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 420
Increase ⬆74 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Illinois :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 248
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 517
Increase ⬆108 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Hawaii :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 268
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 477
Increase ⬆78 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Georgia :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 209
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 431
Increase ⬆ 106 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Florida :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 240
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 442
Increase ⬆ 84 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Delaware :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 274
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 569
Increase ⬆ 108 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Arkansas :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 184
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 420
Increase ⬆ 128 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Arizona :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 211
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 611
Increase ⬆ 190 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Alaska :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 344
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 1,041
Increase ⬆ 203 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Alabama :
2013 Monthly Premium : $ 178
2017 Monthly Premium : $ 575
Increase ⬆223 %

Thanks , # ObamaCare
Remember when @ TheDemocrats promised premiums would go down thanks to # ObamaCare ? Let ’ s take a look at yesterday ’ s @ HHSGov report… ⬇
🚨 RIGHT NOW YOU OWE THE GOVERNMENT $ 60,000 . 🚨 https : //t.co/yeGdNC07oV
This is the first budget that was written from the perspective of the people that actually pay for the government . ( That ’ s you ! ) https : //t.co/2XuQaKI9RK
The national average for monthly healthcare premiums has increased 105 % since 2013 . ObamaCare is hurting our families . Plain and simple .
Let ’ s talk about how Director Mulvaney gave a wonderful intro to @ POTUS 's budget today . https : //t.co/fENp2Dlne9
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Today Mulvaney explained in real words how irresponsible Washington has been with our money and it was powerful .
https : /…
The American people deserve to live in a safe country , with controlled immigration . https : //t.co/62RclOhKXa
Years of massive deficits with no end in sight is an unacceptable trajectory . It ’ s time for America to get back on track . https : //t.co/Y0Gdg8qQUV
National defense has never been more critical . Our military needs to be adequately prepared . https : //t.co/Ja5sXml7cO
Fiscal responsibility is important to American taxpayers . People have to live within their budgets – why shouldn ’ t the U.S. Government ? https : //t.co/yOzyyHj96S
We have a few thoughts to share on @ POTUS ’ s budget…
RT @ VP : Karen and I offer our heartfelt condolences & amp ; prayers to the victims , their loved ones , and the people of Manchester . https : //t.co/…
Congratulations to the new American Ambassador to China @ TerryBranstad . We know you ’ ll be an exceptional liaison . https : //t.co/YBq2WWzQQO
If you ’ re in Montana , you may have received a call from Sen. @ SteveDaines tonight reminding you to vote for @ GregForMontana Thursday . # mtpol https : //t.co/D3l5jnxIvw
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I ’ m so sorry to hear this news . Prayers for my friends in the UK .
https : //t.co/U3KHzqB3RD
. @ POTUS is the first sitting president in history to visit the Western Wall . https : //t.co/QTwEsxdy8T
RT if you are proud to have a @ POTUS that stands unequivocally with Israel . https : //t.co/MLWiR2GgSZ
Hey Montana ⬇ https : //t.co/zDPjwZDoRJ
And we ’ re with him ! https : //t.co/CECDi8brrE
This # ArmedForcesDay , we salute the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much for our freedom . We ’ re thankful for your service !
RT @ POTUS : THANK YOU to all members of the Armed Forces ! https : //t.co/lHwkuEuAwX https : //t.co/U4mzKJiyT2
RT @ GOPChairwoman : On # EndangeredSpeciesDay , it ’ s important we take a moment to reflect on the significant population decline within the De…
The Dems got 99 problems and ObamaCare ’ s 1. https : //t.co/nPbpUzGE0F
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS boards Air Force One and begins his 1st international trip as President .
Follow along at https : //t.co/8VVyuNViju
# PO…
. @ JoeBiden : `` I Never Thought She Was The Correct Candidate '' via @ CNNPolitics https : //t.co/tzYfe2BgtL https : //t.co/kZOPT1fzIr
. @ POTUS is right . The real victims in this witch hunt are the millions of Americans who voted for REAL change in 2016 .
We 've seen politicians cave to special interests for too long . @ POTUS was elected to win for the American people .
If you ’ re questioning whether Americans still stand with @ POTUS , just check out this one-day fundraising record .
https : //t.co/sjZPv9sGyB
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Met with @ VP this afternoon to talk about staying focused on the issues that actually matter to Americans . Democrats wil…
When @ POTUS says he ’ s been under more scrutiny than any other President , it ’ s not fluff ; it ’ s a fact . https : //t.co/FhsW329pBP
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Talked with @ kilmeade this morning – reminding listeners that @ POTUS has our support and Dems are playing political game…
. @ GOPChairwoman : “ Don ’ t get distracted by what Democrats and the media are trying to do. ” RT if you agree ! https : //t.co/dLINaURPY8
Nothing but 👍and 💖 for @ POTUS at the @ USCGAcademy commencement ceremony . https : //t.co/Is4eZlRoPn
RT @ SenThomTillis : I 'm doing well . Looking forward to getting back to work . Thanks for all of your prayers and well wishes . # CapChallenge h…
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Our thoughts and prayers for Senator @ SenThomTillis this morning . https : //t.co/K4pJgHzvgr
Reminder : FBI Director McCabe said last week there was `` No Effort To Impede ” FBI Investigation From White House . https : //t.co/MOwKgEIVVb
Our police risk their lives every day they put on the uniform . Last night , @ POTUS honored them by lighting the @ WhiteHouse blue . https : //t.co/NVJroy8kOC
If at first you do n't succeed , repurpose your failed branding . https : //t.co/hC3CsZ766J
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Watching @ POTUS speak directly to our police during # NationalPoliceWeek . Their sacrifice deserves our attention and hono…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ POTUS delivers remarks at the 36th annual # PeaceOfficersMemorialDay Service : https : //t.co/z6TismTiQm https : /…
Happy Mother ’ s Day ! Enjoy the celebration and take a moment to read @ GOPChairwoman ’ s letter to her fellow moms . https : //t.co/WsXb8vJux8
RT @ GOPChairwoman : To all the fellow moms out there , thank you for all you do and # HappyMothersDay from my family to yours ! https : //t.co/4F…
Phony outrage over Comey 's dismissal is just further evidence of how out of touch Democrats are . Read more : https : //t.co/cXI9QFrwzy
Tomorrow is Mother 's Day ! You can send @ FLOTUS your regards right here . https : //t.co/aeAIy04igR https : //t.co/ygyq2fzezS
The freedom to worship makes America great . https : //t.co/nRGbUCGWIS
Visiting Washington this summer ? Reach out to your member of Congress and get a White House tour on the books . https : //t.co/5Ri4BrOVNF
No surprise to us that Democrat scare tactics are false .
https : //t.co/viwEa7JtwA
How long before there aren ’ t any insurers left ? Asking for a friend . https : //t.co/bjVqGZdbbv
. @ GOPChairwoman thanking our state leadership for the outstanding job they do representing @ GOP in their states and territories . https : //t.co/hYlOjGBUyk
Military spouses are the front lines of their home . A special thank you for YOUR service on # MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay . https : //t.co/aAcly7oXnJ
Apparently @ POTUS likes two scoops of ice cream after dinner . We can ’ t disagree that two is better than one . https : //t.co/2vRTWLRIGN
. @ LaraLeaTrump made a very important call to one lucky @ POTUS supporter this week . https : //t.co/zqbBhEyENs
Sorry not sorry . https : //t.co/GAMBBJVqK8
Don ’ t forget to tune in tonight for Lester Holt ’ s chat with @ POTUS - 6:30 ET on @ NBCNightlyNews .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We finally agree on something Rosie . https : //t.co/BSP5F3PgbZ
Watch Rep. Maxine Waters talk circles and circles…and circles around her double standards on Comey . https : //t.co/cIXt2QJwmZ
. @ ChrisMurphyCT : It ’ s absolutely true the Democrats have been very critical of James Comey and many of us did call for his resignation . https : //t.co/mvsrze97pX
. @ RandPaul : “ This couldn ’ t happen soon enough . I lost confidence in Comey a long time ago…It ’ s time for new leadership at the FBI ” https : //t.co/jVBSoiuQn7
. @ ChuckGrassley : FBI Supervisor said Comey was bad for the morale and the confidence that the public ought to have in the FBI . https : //t.co/2LGw5QNbPh
. @ JohnCornyn : Points out hypocrisy in Democrat response to Comey , noting how Democrats went back & amp ; forth on their opinion of him every day . https : //t.co/1r4FELI0ot
. @ LindseyGrahamSC : Comey compromised himself in multiple ways , let ’ s start over and get someone capable of doing the job . https : //t.co/cQfXhjB2mZ
It was Marlon Bundo 's White House debut today . Nice to meet you # BOTUS ! https : //t.co/a7NDARgqrb
Our teachers and educators can not be thanked enough . Happy National Teachers Day ! https : //t.co/f9CaU6YX3u
So you think Congress is exempt from # AHCA ? Let ’ s set the record straight once and for all . https : //t.co/RhTujEhmzS
Delivered by Mother 's Day . Shop now : https : //t.co/yBqLAEVdUU https : //t.co/pCngD1Yslu
RT @ GOPChairwoman : I ask people I meet with to write down a piece of advice for me . Today ’ s # MondayMotivation comes from Norma in Tucson , A…
We 're making America Great Again by putting our military first . Happy # MilitaryAppreciationMonth ! https : //t.co/698EjAQULZ
RT if you ’ re thankful for the brave men and women who serve . https : //t.co/K6pkHx2yPr
Affordable and protective . https : //t.co/3vfbEdtoWM
We 're giving away 5 photographs signed by @ POTUS himself ! Want one ? https : //t.co/MZzrsMA95e https : //t.co/nwjLweSJId
This administration has started on the right paw . Can ’ t wait for the next # DoggieDay , @ SecretaryZinke ! https : //t.co/2bJbHZqxcp
You need to read this story from @ cathymcmorris . # AHCA isn ’ t just policy , it ’ s personal .
https : //t.co/WRP6vi1aE9
FYI . # MAGA https : //t.co/p2XeFilGj2
RT @ VP : Economically , culturally , in our churches , towns & amp ; cities across our country , Mexican-Americans & amp ; Hispanic-Americans are making a d…
Celebrating the beautiful Mexican heritage that ’ s enriched our party , communities , and economy . Happy Cinco de Mayo ! https : //t.co/ThVcoivdqw
Taking action on the # NationalDayOfPrayer to protect faith and religious freedom across the US . Thank you , @ POTUS . https : //t.co/fxsC8i7ao2
🚨 With today ’ s vote , the congressional exemption of ObamaCare has been eliminated . 🚨 https : //t.co/7sCFB9hYFh
Next stop : Senate . Passing # AHCA is the first step in fixing our healthcare system and delivering the relief Americans need .
`` Staying the course is not a viable option . Obamacare is in a death spiral ... '' - @ SecPriceMD
https : //t.co/1zMP7kUsJe
RT @ GOPChairwoman : On # NationalDayofPrayer , we give thanks for our blessings , ask for His guidance , and offer earnest prayers for our natio…
Meet the small business that made your # MAGA hat possible ! # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/VX9iF6Yspu
Psst - Mother 's Day is around the corner . Have you done your shopping yet ? 🌷 https : //t.co/yBqLAEVdUU https : //t.co/rIAk8bjs72
In case you missed it , @ AF_Academy has a new team player . https : //t.co/mNxZ7gNe3Y
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Freedom of speech is a hallmark of our founding . It ’ s concerning that CNN would stifle speech they disagree with . https : …
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Loved what @ SBALinda said today when asked about women in small business . # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/N07TMuB5sZ
RT @ WaysandMeansGOP : This # TaxReformTuesday , @ RepTomReed shares how tax reform will help a local manufacturer create more jobs & amp ; opportunit…
RT @ VP : This @ POTUS is the best friend that America 's small biz will ever have . He knows small biz are the engines of our economy # SmallBus…
RT @ IvankaTrump : Today I participated in a # SmallBusinessWeek event with @ VP Pence & amp ; @ SBALinda celebrating small business owners across Ame…
RT @ GrassleyPress : “ More than 266,000 small businesses in Iowa employ nearly half of the workforce ” – @ ChuckGrassley # SmallBusinessWeek htt…
RT @ RepTrey : Small businesses are responsible for creating 63 % of new jobs in the United States ! # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/Up7xw4vkju
RT @ SenJoniErnst : From the feedlot to main street , small business makes up 97 % of businesses in Iowa . Grateful for all our entrepreneurs . # …
RT @ HouseGOP : Small businesses employ over 47 percent of the employees in the private sector in the U.S .
# SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/tU…
Congratulations to all of the 2017 Small Business Persons of the Year . Thank you for keeping our economy 💪 # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/gz7nUbiXFk
RT @ GOPChairwoman : It ’ s # SmallBusinessWeek , but encouraging innovation is @ GOP ’ s goal every week . https : //t.co/LzmNlXssDd
We 're free because of their great sacrifice . Proud to celebrate our heroes ! # MilitaryAppreciationMonth https : //t.co/trnTLqk5UQ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30 . Big crowd , big energy !
Happy Hundred Days ! https : //t.co/XTX06uygaR
RT @ GaRepublicans : What an honor to have @ GOPChairwoman with us today at the Fulton Co # GOP HQ ! @ karenhandel # gapol https : //t.co/TGqkXy5rAF
**live shot of @ TheDemocrats and their autopsy report**
https : //t.co/fua9NrI3I6 https : //t.co/rcHR3BSEx9
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Get a quick glimpse at some of @ POTUS 's most notable days since taking office ! https : //t.co/WCXUYJAmfc
. @ GOPChairwoman : His message of shaking up Washington resonated with millions of people across the country ...
https : //t.co/PkKpruEOHh
Congratulations , Secretary Acosta ! You 'll do great things for the economy with @ USDOL ! https : //t.co/KOrcw2kv9s
Space exploration is encouraged under @ POTUS . Talented scientists are leading us to new discoveries and worlds ! https : //t.co/om3qc2el3K
The bond between the U.S. and Israel has never been stronger . https : //t.co/OByMAQU8ja
. @ POTUS is focused on American jobs and creating a thriving environment for business . https : //t.co/i11vZ16aN0
When women succeed , our economy thrives . https : //t.co/TiqX7zsRJ5
. @ POTUS is getting rid of unnecessary regulations and red tape that stifle job growth . https : //t.co/VEbfu7DYpW
Our vets will not be overlooked anymore . https : //t.co/8EBIprDtmb
The people asked for a Constitutional conservative on the Supreme Court , and @ POTUS delivered on his promise . https : //t.co/H35o0leziJ
American workers will build the pipeline , using American steel . https : //t.co/WCA21XMQ2L
Here are some of our favorite moments during @ POTUS 's First 100 days in office ...
In his first 100 days , @ POTUS is busy Making America Great Again by putting `` America First . '' https : //t.co/daACrNMaYN
Happy Birthday to our strong and graceful @ FLOTUS ! https : //t.co/eiczHTSv8k
It 's @ FLOTUS 's birthday tomorrow . Sign our First Lady 's birthday card before the celebration ! https : //t.co/VHg03SJdj3 https : //t.co/88kyi77PW5
1 . Go to https : //t.co/ub45kWMO1e .
2 . Get a recap of @ POTUS ’ s first 100 Days in office .
3 . RT if you ’ re thankful POTUS loves America .
President Trump addressing Holocaust survivors at a Memorial this morning – https : //t.co/1TwDArzWRT
The @ USDA does such important work . Congrats , Secretary Perdue ! https : //t.co/00KMXGY230
Agreed ➡ “ It ’ s been weird to watch this Unity Tour between the Chairman of the DNC and a guy who ’ s not a member of the Democratic Party . '' https : //t.co/lOqdVLuA6y
. @ POTUS congratulated some astronomical accomplishments today . @ AstroPeggy has spent the most time in space of any US astronaut ! https : //t.co/a1oP7SNCYq
RT @ GOPChairwoman : # NeverAgain https : //t.co/08QD8GrRF8
One week until @ POTUS ’ s 100th Day in office ! Get a piece of that unforgettable day ! https : //t.co/MZzrsMA95e https : //t.co/HmjRoQXoNZ
`` We 're very grateful that President Trump personally engaged with the issue ... It let us be reunited as a family . '' https : //t.co/QYPhPnIaBc
Don ’ t forget : National Parks are free this weekend to close out # NationalParkWeek . Get outside and # FindYourPark .
https : //t.co/FVpHdOwkuN
A great # TBT for # NationalParkWeek ! https : //t.co/QrP0j5xcoG
Bernie Sanders mentions DNC Chair Tom Perez . Crowd boos . Bernie doesn ’ t defend him . # Unity https : //t.co/kGw4InuAuP
Democrats are on a “ Unity Tour , ” but they don ’ t even agree on being Democrats… https : //t.co/4UM9Yr6NEj
2016 : “ When they go low , we go high ” - Michelle Obama
2017 : ⬇ https : //t.co/HoweDU2qvg
Can ’ t wait to win ( again ) on June 20th . Congrats @ karenhandel ! # GApol # ga6
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Honest question : If Jon Ossoff ca n't vote for himself , why should anyone else ? # GApol
Georgia on our mind today . # gotv # gapol https : //t.co/p1Rc9HIUVV
When @ POTUS called on @ SecPriceMD to guide @ HHSGov , he answered the call . Now it 's your turn # GA06 . Make sure you vote on Election Day tmrw .
Happy Easter , everyone ! May your celebrations be filled with joy , love , and hope . https : //t.co/d5ZPWie4RX
RT @ GOPChairwoman : So proud of Georgia volunteers knocking on doors and getting out the vote in GA-6 ! # GApol https : //t.co/JKuAHXQPOW
GOTV in GA-6 's Special Election 👍 https : //t.co/GVFio5soZ6
True . So has actress Connie Britton , singer-songwriter Judy Collins , and comedian Chelsea Handler . # gapol https : //t.co/adNO6fdXhZ
False . Democrat Jon Ossoff doesn ’ t even live the congressional district he ’ s running for . https : //t.co/amC4VCzy1P
True . There are millions of outside $ $ supporting Democrat Jon Ossoff in this congressional race . https : //t.co/l07o0KVAXz https : //t.co/0tqN2TBRhX
True or False ? Rosie O ’ Donnell has donated to Jon Ossoff .
True or False ? Democrat Jon Ossoff lives in the congressional district he ’ s trying to represent .
True or False ? Only $ 1 in every $ 20 raised for Democrat Jon Ossoff came from people inside GA-6 . # gapol
Happy Birthday to President Thomas Jefferson ! https : //t.co/FsNVUjMDcb
Volunteers hard at work and going strong with @ GAGOP @ FultonGOP in GA-06 ! # GApol https : //t.co/s2isSpwsZ7
Americans again answered @ POTUS 's call to elect new people to Washington to cut taxes and fix our broken health care system . # KS04
Illegal border crossings under @ POTUS are down 72 % -- the lowest monthly figure in 17 years . https : //t.co/SwjlwXCBJs
. @ POTUS always makes a point to wear his U.S. flag lapel pin . Today you can enter to win his personal pin ! https : //t.co/bkmXvQAqso https : //t.co/Li53XkVC2K
Congratulations , Justice @ GorsuchFacts . You 'll be a vital force in upholding our Constitution . https : //t.co/d9k9kCJlOI
It ’ s a big day for # SCOTUS and America . Welcome to the bench , @ GorsuchFacts ! https : //t.co/zEaffODDgj
RT @ POTUS : Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M . He will be a great Justice . Very pr…
Celebrate Spring . Pre-order one of these limited-edition # MAGA hats now . https : //t.co/iwZDkZaxs3 https : //t.co/qRIlKXS3LT
Judge Gorsuch 's confirmation is a victory for all Americans . Sign the card to congratulate @ GorsuchFacts ! https : //t.co/9rEC2MAXm0 https : //t.co/rqFNyq1zgp
RT @ POTUS : Congratulations to an exceptionally qualified and respected judge on his confirmation to the Supreme Court ! # SCOTUS https : //t.co…
JUDGE NEIL GORSUCH IS CONFIRMED TO # SCOTUS ! https : //t.co/zyOxOTURRY
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Tonight @ POTUS took action so that `` No child of God should ever suffer such horror . '' https : //t.co/IHqYjlYjYe
Do your job , Democrats . Even @ SenWarren agrees . # TBT # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/3BGCLcFBxO
# TBT to when @ SenatorBaldwin told Americans they deserve better than a long-term vacancy on the Supreme Court . Agreed ! https : //t.co/cEds7CsXAz
Remember when @ SenGillibrand asked Republican senators to vote their conscience ? So do we . # TBT https : //t.co/PLOMHQGMLG
# TBT to when @ clairecmc reminded everyone the Constitution says @ POTUS will appoint nominees to # SCOTUS . https : //t.co/ufofrNw0vM
Time to get partisan politics out of the Supreme Court—right , @ amyklobuchar ? # TBT # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/stzSigcNEi
What was that , @ SenWarren ? “ Naked attempts to nullify the results of the last presidential election ” ? You don ’ t say ! # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/WESMzLL6AF
# TBT to when @ SenSchumer suggested that a simple majority vote on # SCOTUS just might be better than “ continued total obstruction ” ... https : //t.co/heDzHiJ3ER
⬇ RT to remind the Democrats . https : //t.co/GtKZwCBDof
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Democrats continue to stand in the way of the American will . https : //t.co/p94VohtILW
Bonus : Here ’ s 1 of our favorite questions @ GorsuchFacts answered . Even @ ChuckGrassley wanted to hear the full answer on Hobby Lobby . https : //t.co/oAdyfdbA5y
0 : the number of senators who voted against @ GorsuchFacts confirmation in 2006 .
1,200 : the number of questions @ GorsuchFacts answered throughout his @ senjudiciary hearing .
20 : the number of hours @ GorsuchFacts spent answering 3 separate rounds of questions from @ senjudiciary ...
80 : the number of senators @ GorsuchFacts has personally met with since his nomination to # SCOTUS .
99 : the percentage of times @ GorsuchFacts 10th Circuit Cases were in the majority .
There ’ s some numbers you need to know about @ GorsuchFacts ...
`` Democrats have no good reason to oppose @ GorsuchFacts so they are inventing bad reasons… '' # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/7bX5OZ1KAP
Hear ! Hear ! https : //t.co/cy7nZ5HBd8
. @ SenatorIsakson and @ sendavidperdue also point out bipartisan support for @ GorsuchFacts . Seems to be a trend here . https : //t.co/oA2tkMDDt3
This is the week it really counts . Make time to call your senators to # ConfirmGorsuch . ➡️ https : //t.co/0HPKZzmIln https : //t.co/LCMGhEiqPv
Party-line Dems are grasping for excuses not to confirm @ GorsuchFacts , especially after this take from @ USAToday . https : //t.co/nFYbAH9qti
Friendly reminder : @ GorsuchFacts was confirmed UNANIMOUSLY a decade ago when he was nominated to the federal court of appeals .
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Best summary of today ’ s @ senjudiciary vote to # ConfirmGorsuch . https : //t.co/0oGZ49YImd
You ’ ve got to see @ GOPChairwoman call out DNC Chair Tom Perez for his unhinged comments .
https : //t.co/2V5j2Qb2Qm
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Tom Perez 's comments about @ POTUS are dangerous and indicative of an out-of-touch party . https : //t.co/JvnFXuD2a3
RT for Condi ! https : //t.co/vz2LWp4Ku5
Puns aside , Democrats would be fools not to vote for @ GorsuchFacts . # AprilFoolsDay
Thanks for the shout-out on our Empowering Women video series , @ DailyCaller ! # WomensHistoryMonth
https : //t.co/eNaDSV1GsJ
As # WomensHistoryMonth comes to a close , here ’ s a look back at some of our favorite moments of celebration .
https : //t.co/aIEjGr0wyt
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Take advice from someone who knows . Thank you for your example to women in leadership @ SBALinda ! https : //t.co/ApfaysWQeO
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Enjoyed hearing @ GOP COO @ RNCMaggie share her story about starting a career in politics . https : //t.co/xBqMEyDD0X
RT @ GOPChairwoman : Watch @ MarshaBlackburn share why it 's so important for conservative women to speak out . https : //t.co/rNxFhJRz9T
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ SaraWArmstrong is such an inspiration to me . Proud to be working alongside her at @ GOP . https : //t.co/q8DJEgjgUa
RT @ GOPChairwoman : A fellow working mom , @ KellyannePolls is a testament to her own advice to never say `` I ca n't ! '' https : //t.co/NmNLY3FUiQ
During # WomensHistoryMonth we asked Dr. Ada Fisher what being part of the @ GOP means to her . Here 's what she said : https : //t.co/pEGlT4A6ok https : //t.co/mn4tJp3isf
Watch @ SenTedCruz call out the Democrat hypocrisy on @ GorsuchFacts . You ’ ll like it . https : //t.co/QgvmBtQ8lD
Americans on the confirmation of @ GorsuchFacts . https : //t.co/MGA7mJQePL # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/gFRUjf8msB
. @ SenateDems on the confirmation of @ GorsuchFacts . https : //t.co/aoSnNAh5m7
. @ SenSanders on the confirmation of @ GorsuchFacts . https : //t.co/JUgY7UK9rJ https : //t.co/OM0DvUBBrC
Many soldiers came home from Vietnam to little fanfare or honor . Today we boldly remember their sacrifice . # VietnamVeteransDay https : //t.co/J5IhprVxb5
. @ FLOTUS at the @ StateDept 's International Women of Courage Awards , reminding women to stand up in the face of adversity . https : //t.co/RTB3HJwL1X
RT @ GOPChairwoman : . @ NikkiHaley is changing the culture of the UN - and heels may be necessary . https : //t.co/McsH05LpeJ
Thank you , @ CapitolPolice . https : //t.co/cb10hrkivt
Republican women lead DC to diverse thought & amp ; strong solutions . S/O to @ RosLehtinen @ lisamurkowski @ MainStreetSarah https : //t.co/M2U1udZALg
We love watching UN Ambassador @ NikkiHaley tell it like it is . https : //t.co/1F8yuUpLkf
In the face of continued stall tactics by Democrats , we need all the support we can get . Sign now : https : //t.co/Z6npND443t # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/J6wUgbsL7Z
. @ TheDemocrats petty stall tactics on @ GorsuchFacts # SCOTUS confirmation = putting liberal special interests ahead of the voters .
RT if you agree that @ GorsuchFacts is a man of integrity and the right choice for # SCOTUS . https : //t.co/H1yJ8iYACd
RT if you support making American energy-independent . # KeystoneXL https : //t.co/7n2iKKmM5o
RT @ RRMGOP : We can ’ t suffer through Obamacare anymore . We can ’ t have Americans afraid of health care . https : //t.co/dJOzODEWbe
Yes or No ? https : //t.co/aIaWMh3QIv https : //t.co/NwdsTJIjwN
Fact : @ GorsuchFacts knows how to celebrate # NationalPuppyDay . https : //t.co/TjdP70Wghd
For 7 years America has suffered under Obama ’ s expensive , bloated , & amp ; ineffective health care plan . Time for change . https : //t.co/rARDf7MuoQ
RT @ RRMGOP : Deepest thoughts and prayers for the city of London . We 'll always stand by you in both prosperity and tragedy .
We 're working to repeal & amp ; replace ObamaCare with a system that works . Let us know before tomorrow ! https : //t.co/aIaWMh3QIv https : //t.co/7fGS72zxE5
RT @ RRMGOP : The @ GOP is serious about backing @ GorsuchFacts . Democrats need to stop their ludicrous obstruction and confirm him . https : //t.…
Day 3 begins soon . Sign the petition to stand with @ GorsuchFacts for # SCOTUS ! https : //t.co/Z6npND443t https : //t.co/ceUX3TNe6D
We ’ re behind Gorsuch and we mean it . Time for Democrats to stop obstructing . https : //t.co/P29O9AUowU
RT @ POTUS : Judge Gorsuch is the kind of judge we need on # SCOTUS - someone with a brilliant legal mind & amp ; a commitment to constitutional pri…
We need the voice of the people behind @ GorsuchFacts . Make time to contact your senators ! https : //t.co/0HPKZzmIln https : //t.co/x7Y1eFXJjW
Gavel dropped at 12:45 p.m. Watch Live : `` The Senate Hearings : SCOTUS Nominee Neil Gorsuch '' # SCOTUS # ConfirmGorsuch
https : //t.co/dK4B6JHBZ5
. @ GorsuchFacts is a man of legal pedigree and great integrity . It ’ s time to # ConfirmGorsuch . Turn on your volume to hear more . https : //t.co/WJAjOwj4Lo
What ’ s everyone saying about @ GorsuchFacts ? Find out . https : //t.co/K4d4JkZb8P
RT @ RRMGOP : Judge @ GorsuchFacts proved in his opening remarks alone that he is worthy of Justice Scalia ’ s seat . https : //t.co/sEXJ73mho2
The answer is no . # ComeyHearing https : //t.co/hr6q2nXIeX
RT @ ChuckGrassley : After Comey briefing + doc review I can say @ POTUS and Clapper R both right about this No evidence of Trump collusion w…
The hearing begins today . Let ’ s # ConfirmGorsuch ! https : //t.co/0pcqoPbvfn
Happy Birthday to our Chairwoman @ RRMGOP ! Your charismatic leadership invigorates all of us . https : //t.co/2mZYoqqAQK
Gorsuch for # SCOTUS ! The hearing begins tomorrow . RT to show your support ! https : //t.co/m43NoU9lNV
Can ’ t wait to see this ! Former @ gop director @ Jennifersks talks with @ FoxNewsSunday . https : //t.co/U2rytdYkb8
Dems are pushing against Judge Gorsuch . We can ’ t let them stand in the way . Call your Senators Monday . https : //t.co/0HPKZzmIln https : //t.co/UjtQr5GA5d
⚡These are the “ Real Stories of ObamaCare . ”
Reply to this tweet with your story so we can add it to our collection .
https : //t.co/uX6z0patpm
Happy Birthday , @ Reince45 ! We 're proud of all the work you ’ ve done and continue to do . Sign his birthday card here : https : //t.co/GSP2EQq5Ut https : //t.co/ffnVqlN5ZT
Check out this inside view from the West Wing as @ POTUS welcomes Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel . https : //t.co/SOqG2Vyv4t
🇮🇪 Our bond with Ireland is strong . Have a wonderful # StPatricksDay ! https : //t.co/L4MQVMas6x
P.S . There ’ s plenty of bipartisan support for @ GorsuchFacts too . https : //t.co/E480xXvKHT
⚡ We ’ re ready to see @ GorsuchFacts on # SCOTUS - and we ’ re not the only ones . Check out what everyone ’ s saying here .
https : //t.co/e1CyeCrbjB
Let @ POTUS know if you stand behind his bold budget . https : //t.co/RhyIux6nSp https : //t.co/sjXj4omYg5
Inspiring words from @ POTUS in Nashville last night . https : //t.co/TCDmqFZ2EJ
RT @ POTUS : I will be interviewed by @ TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 P.M. on @ FoxNews . Enjoy !
More Americans believe the country is on the right track - up 17 % since Election Day .
https : //t.co/FEvlSgQVkG
Need some answers on ObamaCare ? @ SecPriceMD will be addressing your questions on # CNNTownHall tonight .
https : //t.co/dM0RJPft9a
Judge Gorsuch goes before the Senate in 6 days . RT if he ’ s got your full support . https : //t.co/P7Tcshs9t0
RT @ SenateGOP : `` Patients and their doctors should be making decisions about their health care , not the federal government . '' – Seema Verma h…
This administration is committed to putting patients at the center of health care .
Many Americans have no choice . They simply can not afford ObamaCare . https : //t.co/581Lxv5hT7
Government mandates should not inhibit your livelihood . https : //t.co/s5CX5vAbBd
We must get rid of federal funding to abortion providers . https : //t.co/BQOIlxkDIa
We know hundreds of thousands of Americans can relate to this . https : //t.co/OKlY9Qh5ee
Fixing health care is about you . It ’ s about real people . https : //t.co/bfzbSJ3XAS
Americans shared personal stories of struggle under Obamacare with @ POTUS , @ VP , & amp ; @ SecPriceMD today . https : //t.co/n7LyoEOOHM
We must protect and cherish our Constitution . Stand behind Judge Neil Gorsuch for # SCOTUS . https : //t.co/Z6npND443t https : //t.co/tIA8UBkz21
“ The AHCA moves decision-making to the grass roots ... ” read more on @ washingtonpost
https : //t.co/rCSgOUAxkQ
RT to thank @ POTUS and @ VP for a great first 50 Days . https : //t.co/8rqziAWaWP
50 Days of @ POTUS . 235,000 Jobs added in America . # MAGA
https : //t.co/3SnN2ymkP5
This is the story behind @ POTUS 's # MAGA hat . You ’ ll want to wear yours even more after you watch : https : //t.co/qCrd0VpPQh https : //t.co/080ZvIovag
RT @ RRMGOP : I 'm working today to empower girls for tomorrow . # InternationalWomensDay # ADayWithoutAWoman @ TheIJR https : //t.co/9gEuAxqd13
ObamaCare failed the American people , but we are winning it back starting today . Sign the petition now . https : //t.co/D0YN1WJmvT https : //t.co/trdE6gkRMu
# ReadTheBill that will finally stop the mess of Obamacare ➡ https : //t.co/KYb1dnzIDL .
RT @ VP : . @ POTUS promised to bring back jobs to America . Today 's news is further evidence of the country 's spirit of optimism , boosting job…
. @ POTUS is addressing long overdue concerns about national security . Sign if you support making America safe again .
https : //t.co/2GoG4fkEsa https : //t.co/PlKoa6rzEL
Be fully informed . Here are the specific Executive Order FAQs from @ dhsgov . https : //t.co/jkikuwOhIW
This is your movement . RT if you 're a part of making America great again . https : //t.co/bggl3vtn7B
They ’ re going to go fast—get ready for # StPatricksDay by grabbing a green # MAGA hat ! https : //t.co/wPor87vsDW https : //t.co/pk5pDHlzfJ
We agree , @ KellyannePolls . https : //t.co/6idoaWQcB9
Need a # MAGA hat for St. Patty ’ s Day ? ☘️ Get it here : https : //t.co/kRN4tlF4GX https : //t.co/QYqdtVTHy1
Congratulations , @ GovernorPerry ! We ’ re confident that you ’ ll lead @ ENERGY well . https : //t.co/BZ2h0IMK8C
Day 1 on the job . Looking good , @ SecretaryZinke . https : //t.co/WfNbX6CEoL
. @ RealBenCarson confirmed ! We look forward to seeing great progress under his principled leadership as Secretary of @ HUDgov . https : //t.co/IWKPQSLy3Z
RT if you loved this moment from last night . https : //t.co/MIef7zbSTP
⚡Last night was a moment to remember . Check out “ President Trump 's First # JointAddress ”
https : //t.co/idpOsuZTvq
What did you think of the # JointSession ? Look forward to hearing your thoughts ! https : //t.co/6WMXb73IrN https : //t.co/wrClbyI84S
. @ RepRyanZinke confirmed as Interior Secretary ! Under his leadership , America the Beautiful will thrive . https : //t.co/nHe6AIouYk
Catch some of the highlights from last night 's # JointAddress . https : //t.co/Iy9NivYe7I
We believe . # MAGA https : //t.co/bIG9vp5sqC
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Retweet if you are glad to have a @ POTUS who knows empowering the people—not Washington—is the way to build a better futur…
The standing ovation for Carryn Owens , the widow of heroic U.S. Navy Special Operator Ryan Owens lasted for 1 min , 41 secs . # JointAddress
`` From now on , America will be empowered by our aspirations , not burdened by our fears . '' - @ POTUS on the # AmericanSpirit # JointAddress
Make America Dream Again . # JointAddress https : //t.co/vt3xo7pbR8
. @ POTUS at # JointAddress https : //t.co/50wSxbgQMs
`` We must build bridges of cooperation and trust –- not drive the wedge of disunity and division . '' - @ POTUS # JointAddress
BUY AMERICAN . 🇺🇸 HIRE AMERICAN . 🇺🇸 # JointAddress https : //t.co/nfPRThCCy7
RT @ POTUS : Obamacare is collapsing – and we must act decisively to protect all Americans . Action is not a choice , it is a necessity . # Joint…
. @ POTUS : Maureen Scalia 's husband , Antonin Scalia , will forever be a symbol of American justice . # JointAddress https : //t.co/hK5a4g9OEN
`` We will provide massive tax relief for the middle class . '' - @ POTUS # JointAddress
RT @ WhiteHouse : Fighting for American Workers # JointAddress # AmericanSpirit https : //t.co/jwh7SgW7Og
. @ POTUS : `` My Administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security . '' # JointAddress
MR. SPEAKER , THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES . # JointAddress https : //t.co/wvdL5vaLUn
`` Above all else , we will keep our promises to the American people . '' - @ POTUS # JointAddress
Great moment ! https : //t.co/4EXmrACSr7
# JointAddress right here in 10 minutes : https : //t.co/ASdvvbRDSO https : //t.co/c9GzGQuXdD
RT @ WhiteHouse : Tune in LIVE tonight at 9pm EST for @ POTUS Trump 's # JointAddress : https : //t.co/TFWe9JNfFZ https : //t.co/4uOlQ2xrJ4
Hey President @ realDonaldTrump , our Facebook friends are excited about your # JointAddress tonight ! https : //t.co/JZuM6dtrRC
Who are @ FLOTUS 's special guests at tonight ’ s # JointAddress ? Find out here : https : //t.co/1ft3QwBgL8
RT @ SpeakerRyan : Pleased to invite @ POTUS to Congress tonight for his first # JointSession address to Congress . https : //t.co/gy9bxDDmPf
Send us your input ahead of the # JointAddress from @ POTUS https : //t.co/dzkBzGWciP https : //t.co/wINKUwrJBh
RT if you 're excited to watch @ POTUS give his first # JointAddress tomorrow night ! https : //t.co/KhK09K4atD
Watch Time : ✔️️
Viewing Link : ✔️️
Hashtag : ✔️️ https : //t.co/Ikp41mQfUs
RT @ RRMGOP : Monday Must Read . https : //t.co/oqSCpVv9pq
It ’ s been a busy month for @ POTUS . Give us your feedback on the job he ’ s done so far . https : //t.co/bWShA7eAVv
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to Thomas Perez , who has just been named Chairman of the DNC . I could not be happier for him , or for t…
Our Chairwoman @ RRMGOP addressed a wonderful gathering at @ RJC today ! https : //t.co/3aiC415eFt
RT @ RRMGOP : Wonderful to see @ joniernst @ RJC in Las Vegas . https : //t.co/NVMIhbzMO0
Call your Senators and make sure they vote to # ConfirmGorsuch : https : //t.co/mMLvg3HTzz . https : //t.co/liPmZjOTVV
Last chance to get official @ POTUS gear at our # CPAC2017 booth . Stop by this morning ! https : //t.co/kfnzGyw2vX
It ’ s official . @ TheDemocrats are in disarray . https : //t.co/hiPUW16dLj
Get your red , white , and blue @ POTUS gear at https : //t.co/HYYJ7hT56J . Use code `` CPAC2017 '' to get 10 % off at checkout . https : //t.co/lrEEYQacCo
RT if you agree with @ POTUS ! # CPAC2017 https : //t.co/z7dKGjQsfx
A great moment from @ POTUS at # CPAC2017 this morning . https : //t.co/V3zhFrKqeh
You can watch President @ realDonaldTrump 's # CPAC2017 speech here : https : //t.co/H5nSLnFncR https : //t.co/3wcJmlRBAo
Catch @ VP right now at # CPAC2017 . https : //t.co/6yEGVpUxgD
RT @ VP : Hello , @ CPAC . It ’ s great to be back . We will see you soon . # CPAC2017 https : //t.co/q6YcIFbiBC
Great picture ! Make sure you stop by our # CPAC2017 booth tmrw for official @ realDonaldTrump gear and pictures on the White House lawn . https : //t.co/iRY0nLGCup
Loved seeing the @ WhiteHouse Chief of Staff - our former Chairman - @ Reince45 and Steve Bannon speak about their new roles . # CPAC2017 https : //t.co/zrUcQN8A9Q
Wonderful to see an RNC alumnus doing so well ! Great chat with @ Reince and Steve Bannon at # CPAC2017 https : //t.co/i9js8ReJO0
Photo on the White House lawn ? Stop by our booth in the Hub at # CPAC2017 to get your picture ! https : //t.co/QgD65Cyr52
Find our booth in the # CPAC2017 Hub or just use coupon code `` CPAC2017 '' to get 10 % off at https : //t.co/HYYJ7hT56J . https : //t.co/idW0gSuIID
Republicans governors @ ScottWalker @ govsambrownback @ dougducey @ GovMattBevin sharing how they 've cut red tape in red states . # CPAC2017 https : //t.co/cnsINjeNH1
. @ KellyannePolls reminded her daughters at # CPAC2017 that the role for first female president is still open . https : //t.co/eWdwyvjp3b
Want a first person view of # CPAC2017 today ? Follow us on Instagram and we ’ ll show you the highlights on location .
https : //t.co/HfAkIGP7ir
We ’ ll be on the ground at # CPAC2017 ! Find our booth in the hub starting tomorrow at 10 a.m. https : //t.co/pNIywWHJGz
Inspiring words from Washington 's 1789 address to the citizens of Boston . Happy Birthday , President Washington ! https : //t.co/GbLbMpiE8t
Good luck at the debate tonight , @ TheDemocrats ! Sounds like you need it .
https : //t.co/E7wRjJltGM
ONE WEEK from tonight @ POTUS will address a Joint Session of Congress for the first time . Put it on your calendar : https : //t.co/SERCvsC3Lf
Love this . Great to see @ POTUS with @ AlvedaCKing , @ RealBenCarson , and @ SenatorTimScott this morning ! https : //t.co/n70NPmyohF
Happy first Presidents ’ Day , @ POTUS ! Sign the card now : https : //t.co/8SCy6J20g2 https : //t.co/lrOvskTUMV
Happy Birthday to the gentleman from Kentucky , @ SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell !
We ’ re blessed to live in a country that honors heritage . Happy Presidents ’ Day , America ! https : //t.co/UCUJK8hPRC
Make sure you call your senators this week . Help Judge Gorsuch make it to # SCOTUS ! https : //t.co/yu0iPu1JaP https : //t.co/afLDsmjmzH
RT @ RRMGOP : My favorite moment from @ POTUS speech last night . The people 's president ! https : //t.co/rX094U2Tkg
President @ realDonaldTrump gave hope and hugs at his speech in Melbourne , FL last night . https : //t.co/CqLCCDkhXw
When Friday 's got you like ... https : //t.co/kg8mxtnyrY
ObamaCare failed . Again . ❌ Read about this week 's fail here : https : //t.co/NJluiSKwYk
Did you take the survey everybody is taking about ? https : //t.co/4TI1ssJnpR
The media attacks are relentless . @ POTUS needs you now more than ever . Get your FREE supporter sticker today ! 👍 https : //t.co/hddgsYb1YO https : //t.co/HjkQsWsGj3
Did you see ? The hearing begins March 20 ! Get in touch with your senators to stand behind Judge Gorsuch for # SCOTUS ! https : //t.co/yu0iPu1JaP https : //t.co/66KyXhwHB9
# TBT to when @ POTUS & amp ; @ IvankaTrump met with inspirational businesswomen from across North America . Get the recap . https : //t.co/M3oLShF9ZB
. @ POTUS during his meeting with @ IsraeliPM today . https : //t.co/ZKBA72Rm0u
RT @ VP : America stands in solidarity with Israel , our cherished ally . Proud to join POTUS in welcoming Prime Minister @ Netanyahu to the @ Wh…
Our alliance is strong ! RT if you stand with Israel .
RT @ WhiteHouse : Coming up LIVE : @ POTUS Trump participates in a joint press conference with @ IsraeliPM Netanyahu : https : //t.co/n49OlHgboY ht…
Big day for Wisconsin , bigger day for America . https : //t.co/FZZhiTWukx
We 're looking forward to it too ! We stand with Israel . https : //t.co/GM4lEvYCP6
All you need is love . Happy # Valentines ! https : //t.co/iRjxmMhw8D
Congratulations to our next Treasury Secretary @ stevenmnuchin1 and VA Secretary David Shulkin . The future is bright !
Great tribute , @ MIGOP ! We know @ RRMGOP will lead our party well . https : //t.co/srMXIHgaw5
America first . RT if you agree ! https : //t.co/rUFiHldPWF
RT @ RRMGOP : So proud of the work @ GOP is doing to support Judge Gorsuch ! # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/t1TjbysTfg
It 's common sense to keep America safe . Sign & amp ; RT to stand with @ POTUS ! https : //t.co/Rk3FsQc9Ic https : //t.co/PjsRtop34u
. @ RepTomPrice has been confirmed as Secretary of @ HHSGov . Time to get to work on repealing and replacing Obamacare ! https : //t.co/eCVZ99DzXv
We stand with @ POTUS . Do you ? # 9thcircuit
Get a front row seat to Judge Neil Gorsuch 's visit with @ SenateGOP . It 's time to # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/Cdh9W5MiTq
Want behind-the-scenes insight on the @ realDonaldTrump , @ GilesParscale & amp ; @ GOP 's $ 30M Testing Team ? Get it here . https : //t.co/xdngIMfBN6
Make plans to call your senators tomorrow and demand action on Judge Gorsuch 's confirmation . Find their info here : https : //t.co/NoC0yMxPku https : //t.co/t3pXnSbgVZ
Congratulations , @ SenatorSessions ! The Justice Department is in good hands . https : //t.co/FWBUHUEDqy
Convenient timing , @ SenWarren https : //t.co/SqKg4YTWUC
RT @ SenateGOP : Judge Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed in 2006 . Not a single Democrat opposed Gorsuch 's confirmation , including 12 current…
Check out this highlight from Chairwoman @ RRMGOP at @ foxandfriends this morning . https : //t.co/0XWtt4dqZ2
We need you behind Judge Neil Gorsuch and @ POTUS . Sign the petition tonight . https : //t.co/amQbWTGDzB https : //t.co/MWFMUrYwmg
Secretary @ BetsyDeVos ! Her leadership at @ usedgov will bring success to America 's students and schools . https : //t.co/ibdwXCHVnN
RT @ POTUS : Senate Dems protest to keep the failed status quo . Betsy DeVos is a reformer , and she is going to be a great Education Sec . for…
# ConfirmDeVos https : //t.co/FjAfjlvT9V
Cheers to the Gipper on his birthday ! Start every day in celebration with our vintage mug . https : //t.co/WTd611I9zX https : //t.co/x5jvs7BVzO
Did you see this announcement yet ? https : //t.co/ohhXSHr66L We 're building on success with a talented senior staff .
We must stand alongside @ BetsyDeVos . RT if you ’ re with her . https : //t.co/zQjhWuNMyv
RT @ RRMGOP : She stood up for Michigan . She ’ ll stand for all Americans . It ’ s time to confirm @ BetsyDeVos . https : //t.co/o9Pbz9Xfik
His legacy lives on . Happy Birthday , Mr. President ! https : //t.co/4l6TGnS0yo
Judge Gorsuch is a nomination worthy of Justice Scalia ’ s seat . Sign the congratulatory card today ! # SCOTUS https : //t.co/XgIKCpudhz https : //t.co/GlSvDcM5Tn
MVP @ GeorgeHWBush # SuperBowl https : //t.co/YhugoB09bB
We 're ready . # SuperBowl https : //t.co/FoW2BZ2HMv
We need your help to get Justice Neil Gorsuch confirmed ! Sign the petition today ➡️ https : //t.co/amQbWTGDzB https : //t.co/29HHlnfEaB
1 . Find your senators ' contact info .
2 . Voice your support for Judge Gorsuch now ! # SCOTUS
https : //t.co/NoC0yMxPku https : //t.co/yeK8wMQr3E
RT @ NRSC : . @ BenSasse discusses why he believes we need to # ConfirmGorsuch⚖️ https : //t.co/8kRUHzqnau
Just a friendly reminder to Senate Democrats to “ do your job. ” # ConfirmGorsuch https : //t.co/Wg8sE4bS8T
Did you catch @ SebGorka and @ jaketapper talk specifics on the Iran Deal , ISIS and the EO ? See it here . https : //t.co/zotoq12Qr1
RT @ RRMGOP : African Americans have richly shaped the American story . We 're proud to celebrate that heritage . # BlackHistoryMonth https : //t.c…
One nation , under God . # NationalPrayerBreakfast https : //t.co/kKhEHwkS6k
“ Five words that never , ever fail to touch my heart…'I am praying for you , Mr . President . ' ” @ POTUS # NationalPrayerBreakfast
Rex Tillerson received unanimous Republican support in the Senate . Congratulations to our next Secretary of State ! https : //t.co/MQxSuGQnKD
FYI . https : //t.co/UUKddzErug
Americans everywhere need to stand by # SCOTUS decision . Join with @ POTUS and Judge Gorsuch : https : //t.co/wcb5LTQmrV https : //t.co/IFYtLcdrAk
Don ’ t take our word for it , check out what everyone has to say about Judge Gorsuch ! https : //t.co/u5OO5pm0FQ
Did you sign @ JusticeNGorsuch ’ s Congratulations card ? Add your name and a note . https : //t.co/NgMCZ2XmsP https : //t.co/kqrcKkvID1
RT @ RNCResearch : Praise Pours In For President Trump ’ s Rollout Of Judge Neil Gorsuch # confirmgorsuch https : //t.co/n8blC0qVmd
Congratulations , @ JusticeNGorsuch ! We 're proud to see a conservative sent to # SCOTUS . https : //t.co/KFO6rHYYZr
The American people elected @ POTUS to select the next # SCOTUS . RT if you ’ re excited about the announcement tonight at 8 ET !
Congratulations @ ElaineChao ! Your leadership at @ USDOT will take America far . https : //t.co/b8wM9fNLzd
With less regulation and greater freedom to pursue new ventures , small businesses will once again flourish in the United States . https : //t.co/EsIg0zjuwk
🎈🎈🎈 RT to wish @ SpeakerRyan a happy birthday ! 🎈🎈🎈 https : //t.co/0jF9i9VBMc
The United States and the United Kingdom will work together for the benefit of our two great nations . https : //t.co/vUpA9atd6n
We stand for Life . # MarchForLife https : //t.co/Y2AYO8eHVu
RT if you agree with @ VP @ mike_pence # MarchForLife https : //t.co/YvGbblHFWq
RT @ RRMGOP : We wish Asian American communities who are celebrating the start of the Lunar New Year a blessed and prosperous new year . https…
We will show our strength by protecting life . # MarchForLife https : //t.co/JoGMcaCcQk
RT @ RRMGOP : Checking in at the # MarchForLife with @ MiaBLove who is just one of the friendly faces , friends , and conservative leaders here.…
We believe in giving a voice to those who can ’ t speak . # MarchforLife https : //t.co/XM3BQvaFbL
The security and well-being of the American people is @ POTUS 's first priority . # MakeAmericaSafeAgain https : //t.co/4WDJSI2wM3
The security and well-being of the American people is President Trump ’ s first priority ➡️ https : //t.co/67Gkpz8Dks
# MakeAmericaGreatAgain https : //t.co/suwDCmGtAg
The American people deserve and demand a strong national border . Make your voice heard ➡️ https : //t.co/nNCKJFdqSz https : //t.co/eoBJy1g0qu
Congratulations to our newest Ambassador to the UN , Nikki Haley ! https : //t.co/7HEAfje5Rc
On the path to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ⬇️ https : //t.co/5J0xvitEjI
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office…
. @ POTUS ' selection of @ RepTomPrice is the ideal choice for ensuring that Americans will no longer suffer under the weight of ObamaCare https : //t.co/AEqFzVGgtU
As Admin of @ SBAgov , @ Linda_McMahon will make sure America 's entrepreneurs have access to the capital and resources they need to grow . https : //t.co/ZGS8yIxICH
RT @ RRMGOP : I ’ m pleased to announce @ SaraWArmstrong as the new @ GOP Chief of Staff !
Congratulations to our newest Director of the CIA , Mike Pompeo ! https : //t.co/gtCBQURsak
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security . Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manu…
Stand with Team Trump and add your name to join the movement that is making America great again ➡️ https : //t.co/Z9czYnvuTF https : //t.co/VJrkUg9OZv
Want to intern with us this summer ? Fill out an application here : https : //t.co/IFPhgWc3CZ https : //t.co/RnT7ftARAq
Congratulations to our newest Secretary of Homeland Security , General John Kelly ! https : //t.co/iHM9my5mNr
Congratulations to our newest Secretary of Defense , General James Mattis ! https : //t.co/FVjDSLeKP3
The 45th President of the United States of America , @ realDonaldTrump ! # InaugurationDay https : //t.co/bkVrVs90Oq
The 48th Vice President of the United States of America , @ mike_pence ! # InaugurationDay https : //t.co/TxcfrZFhVC
Today is the day we make history . Let 's # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! # InaugurationDay https : //t.co/kuXZ5l7AEC
President-elect @ realDonaldTrump nominates former governor Sonny Perdue as Secretary of @ USDA . https : //t.co/pQ2ilpFFH8
Everything you need to know about tomorrow 's @ TrumpInaugural : https : //t.co/18G09tknRA https : //t.co/k8OgIJK6aR
ICYMI : What they 're saying about @ GovernorPerry 's Secretary of @ Energy nomination ➡️ https : //t.co/ERm8gYUDA7 https : //t.co/FbSKtNjbjU
And congratulations to our Republican National Committee Treasurer , Tony Parker , and Secretary , Susie Hudson , on their reelections !
And congratulations to @ Paduch , the new Co-Chair of the Republican National Committee ! https : //t.co/IvHtWyfNVf
Congratulations to @ RRMGOP , the new Chairwoman of the Republican National Committee ! https : //t.co/xfM5CmqGxu
. @ stevenmnuchin1 will spearhead # PEOTUS @ realDonaldTrump 's plan to develop a dynamic , booming economy that will create millions of new jobs . https : //t.co/wWW4gfM0O0
. @ RepTomPrice has earned a reputation for being a problem solver & amp ; the go-to expert on quality health care policy https : //t.co/d45oBIlhzu https : //t.co/3jiohbgJnU
. @ nikkihaley will bring the kind of tough , energetic leadership to the @ UN that the United States needs https : //t.co/C1TckIcIBZ https : //t.co/bbhMVSK7LC
RT @ TrumpInaugural : . @ CNHSBullDogs are here at the # TrumpInaugural office spreading inaugural cheer ! # MAGA @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/94…
Ross is the ideal person to lead @ CommerceGov & amp ; implement # PEOTUS @ realDonaldTrump 's America-first economic agenda https : //t.co/ML9vbaj99i https : //t.co/XZpd0thMh6
. @ ScottPruittOK : the Balanced , Pro-Energy Choice to Lead the @ EPA ➡️ https : //t.co/5IM4P0bY3q https : //t.co/Of6ghUMCG1
. @ nikkihaley : A New Generation of Leadership for the World Stage https : //t.co/C1TckIcIBZ https : //t.co/LTqKMbpM3F
What they 're saying about @ ScottPruittOK 's @ EPA nomination : https : //t.co/4SWq1vRqjy https : //t.co/uK82yxAqrZ
The Doctor Is In : @ RepTomPrice Brings A Patient-First Approach To HHS https : //t.co/d45oBIlhzu https : //t.co/b8VwQP3d0L
Rep. @ RyanZinke is a man of action who believes our treasured public lands are “ for the benefit and enjoyment OF THE PEOPLE. ” https : //t.co/MdmTigTPxy
Over 140 elected officials from all 50 states signed a letter in support of @ BetsyDeVos as Secretary of Education ➡️ https : //t.co/cFq8zLClJH
. @ BetsyDeVos will work to reform our education system and break the bureaucracy holding our children back ➡️ https : //t.co/NOfSmCCIFI https : //t.co/fceDdlrtnE
Who ’ s Afraid of @ BetsyDeVos ? https : //t.co/Xzu6RScUxY
RT @ TrumpInaugural : This is our day in history . On January 20 we will # MAGA with @ realDonaldTrump and @ mike_pence !

Join us → https : //t.co…
Today we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. # MLKDay https : //t.co/8sPR6Z1i2X
Stand with Team Trump and add your name to join the movement that is making America great again ➡️ https : //t.co/48mXd4VH6a https : //t.co/UcGM0UOvEm
Only FIVE days until we # MakeAmericaGreatAgain !

Join us ⬇️
https : //t.co/sXkWUDMcZV https : //t.co/mp1mUaztYg
It 's time to REPEAL OBAMACARE .

RT if you agree ⬇️ https : //t.co/0Jveita069
In one week we 'll # MakeAmericaGreatAgain !

Join in the @ TrumpInaugural events : https : //t.co/sXkWUDMcZV https : //t.co/e4AwirAjy4
RT @ TrumpInaugural : JOIN US and @ TobyKeithMusic THURSDAY at the Make America Great Again Welcome Celebration ! # MAGA # TrumpInaugural https : /…
Stand with Team Trump and add your name to join the movement that is making America great again ➡️ https : //t.co/FgoHhXUySh https : //t.co/Fq8lMai2Ti
. @ RealBenCarson : Experienced problem solver will bring quality solutions to @ HUDgov https : //t.co/mBQAXQwmi4 https : //t.co/bh297nkLB5
Trump @ transition2017 nominee prep : 30 mock hearings , 70 hours , 2,600 questions https : //t.co/ZA5U9JtAyZ
Head to https : //t.co/46FfZXH9Bt to get all of the details on how to attend next week 's @ TrumpInaugural events ! https : //t.co/g2Gd3ocRAh
`` Everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream ... '' https : //t.co/5eos2b0WYg https : //t.co/4xnyW2XfSC
Stand with Team Trump and support General Mattis for # SecDef ➡️ https : //t.co/9KpsMpaAw5 https : //t.co/pOdhXT7OIG
General James `` Mad Dog '' Mattis has been widely endorsed & amp ; praised as a singularly exceptional & amp ; qualified nominee https : //t.co/1PI4pg8hzc https : //t.co/VxYq1YC9vE
President-elect @ realDonaldTrump nominates Dr. David J. Shulkin as Secretary of @ DeptVetAffairs https : //t.co/6qG323wMPq
Sam Nunn vouches for Rex Tillerson : ‘ Well prepared to do what is essential ’ https : //t.co/SkMDZqTGJh
Nominee for Secretary of State , Rex Tillerson , has been lauded by experienced foreign policy experts https : //t.co/n6i5xcwh1s https : //t.co/Fe5wssOPgK
ICYMI : Rex Tillerson ’ s Work Outside Of Boardroom Offers Clues To State Style https : //t.co/UZWYKuobYH
A legacy of failure ... https : //t.co/NQHD8vg00R https : //t.co/gJ7QATkA3Z
# OnThisDay in 1776 , Thomas Paine 's `` Common Sense '' was published . https : //t.co/rGPpDlnifi
As the Senate prepares to vote on Cabinet noms , Sen Sessions is praised for his integrity & amp ; commitment to the law https : //t.co/Koho5OA3hL https : //t.co/aK6Xl4Kosc
Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates on @ realDonaldTrump 's pick for Secretary of @ DHSgov , Gen John Kelly ⬇️ https : //t.co/aPycLwORqd
`` I have a profound respect for the rule of law and will always strive to uphold it . '' 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/sjWvLyfRxL
ICYMI ⬇️ https : //t.co/uz2QBwBiO9 https : //t.co/KRtrmPrMCW
Sen Cory Booker ’ s unprecedented attack is undermined by his own praise of Attorney General nom , Sen Jeff Sessions https : //t.co/uz2QBwBiO9 https : //t.co/DjHCuvUMyG
While Democrats launch smears targeting Sen Jeff Sessions as Attorney General , he racks up major endorsements https : //t.co/VhriFhY3vx https : //t.co/5uanAdLlPK
Rex Tillerson : The Scout we need at the @ StateDept https : //t.co/vZN0PpSycJ
ICYMI : Double Standard ? Obama '09 Cabinet picks slid through ; @ realDonaldTrump 's face hold-up https : //t.co/NpZBOMZiiv
RT @ mike_pence : Departing Indiana to begin our service to USA 🇺🇸 . Grateful to people of Hoosier state . Thanks to @ VP for plane to pickup th…
Democrat hypocrisy on Cabinet confirmations ➡️ https : //t.co/FPG1MpwubS https : //t.co/aiN0CQRFrS
# OnThisDay in 1790 , President George Washington delivered the first State of the Union address . https : //t.co/ohowoXji3I
Get the official @ TrumpInaugural t-shirt before it 's gone : https : //t.co/g0UeSiEThU https : //t.co/sP7CPyi0XE
A very happy 72nd anniversary to President George H.W . Bush and Barbara Bush ! Their love and leadership is an example to us all . https : //t.co/idFJRbSGyb
Why Obamacare must be repealed ⬇️ https : //t.co/Dt5L5DtUDd
In a direct contradiction to @ SenSchumer , @ VP calls on Senate Democrats to cooperate with @ realDonaldTrump 's administration on # SCOTUS nom https : //t.co/KcqP7JDahu
. @ SenSchumer pledges to create the `` judicial chaos '' he decried just this past summer https : //t.co/KEPdOxujX9 https : //t.co/sJXTRl8fAG
Pour your favorite coffee into a mug that shows off your support for America ’ s next president , @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/XVkXnWOgrA https : //t.co/2En1vuMJ69
In 15 days , let 's turn the page ... https : //t.co/DdeIGPT3KP
Defending the indefensible ... https : //t.co/7Gf8PMtKVx https : //t.co/uizAJZdnls
Cheers to America ’ s next president , @ realDonaldTrump , in your very own Official Inauguration Pint Glasses ➡️ https : //t.co/QaRucQ1SVv https : //t.co/HJma3hhKhW
. @ SenatorFischer has got it right ⬇️ https : //t.co/lGGGCV1O6y
. @ SenSchumer dodges on telling red state Dems not to work with GOP on ObamaCare & amp ; ignores follow-up ➡️ https : //t.co/7Gf8PMc9wX https : //t.co/H65bkIKi8j
Before anyone can even be nominated , Dem Leader pledges to create the `` judicial chaos '' he decried this past summer https : //t.co/KEPdOxujX9 https : //t.co/5FB9gUfboT
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/AddqmSKjrA
RT @ Reince : Ford cancels Mexico plant . Will create 700 U.S. jobs in 'vote of confidence ' in @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/i3rh7Te01K
Ready to Make America FIRST Again ⬇️ https : //t.co/voLiqJCsB9
ICYMI : What they are saying about @ realDonaldTrump 's intention to nominate Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State : https : //t.co/pwQ6D8TeLe https : //t.co/TSlTpQejp9
A very # HappyNewYear to all ! 2017 offers limitless promise for what we can accomplish together to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain . https : //t.co/oZgky4KFXj
ICYMI : What they are saying about @ ScottPruittOK 's nomination as Administrator of the @ EPA ➡️ https : //t.co/4SWq1vRqjy https : //t.co/Djwc8tPSiv
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/i5wH4jfWtt
What they are saying about Rex Tillerson 's Secretary of State nomination https : //t.co/pwQ6D8TeLe https : //t.co/19lYWxogE6
`` ... because we have got a great future . '' https : //t.co/EMaZOr3Coj
It 's because of YOU and our # LeadRight2016 team we will make history on January 20 , 2017. https : //t.co/WOhFHx7tkJ
We 're making history ⬇️ https : //t.co/rTxv3kH4WK
. @ nikkihaley : A New Generation of Leadership for the World Stage https : //t.co/C1TckIcIBZ https : //t.co/Lfu4VuAUsP
Merry Christmas to all ! https : //t.co/T4wWqH4y4W
We wish a Happy Hanukkah to all who are gathering around the menorah ! https : //t.co/gSxIgmMAGk
In keeping with an America First agenda @ realDonaldTrump will nominate @ ElaineChao to serve as Sec of @ USDOT https : //t.co/idqUTIcP6c https : //t.co/7R2gkmh3TG
Democrats have learned nothing from @ realDonaldTrump defeat https : //t.co/YiuaXZQy08
Get to know Iowa Governor @ TerryBranstad , @ realDonaldTrump 's pick for U.S . Ambassador to China https : //t.co/sSt22rWNzM https : //t.co/PfPPQ5h3yo
Ready to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! https : //t.co/EKum6XsRYX
`` No goal beyond our reach . '' https : //t.co/kCxI4mCMkC
Burning the midnight oil ... https : //t.co/OojWI6scip https : //t.co/urzQAT2A8i
Wilbur Ross will lead @ CommerceGov & amp ; implement Pres-elect @ realDonaldTrump 's America First economic agenda https : //t.co/ML9vbaj99i https : //t.co/8L0upvIORX
Hamilton ’ s Electors Vote @ realDonaldTrump https : //t.co/1DG2C54GWH
Get in the Christmas spirit with your very own # MakeAmericaGreatAgain Red Cap Collectible Ornament ⬇️
https : //t.co/0lRsdzD3Av https : //t.co/NAndGMYXVb
It 's official . The Electoral College has elected @ realDonaldTrump President of the United States and Gov . @ mike_pence Vice President . https : //t.co/g1PMtCKzC0
What People Are Saying about @ GovernorPerry Secretary of @ ENERGY Nomination https : //t.co/ERm8gYUDA7 https : //t.co/IjkKpHRoDA
By YOU 🇺🇸 ⬇️ https : //t.co/QAKkt81NzG
Get your # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ornament before they 're gone ! https : //t.co/sHvuxpTxux https : //t.co/LiA42RSmf0
Everything you need to know about the @ TrumpInaugural : https : //t.co/Upm7Npsndd https : //t.co/tkG6ztlujR
What they are saying about Secretary of Labor nominee @ AndyPuzder ➡️ https : //t.co/Vp3WVIN6x2 https : //t.co/MT1GaervmD
# OnThisDay in 1773 , the American colonists fought tyranny and the Boston Tea Party occurred . https : //t.co/k4GDBfCpYj
Let 's # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! https : //t.co/l7ZJ7zS3yc
There 's still time to get a # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ornament ➡️ https : //t.co/Qb3k1anBEe https : //t.co/TAtpo8GAa9
Meet @ stevenmnuchin1 , America ’ s Next Treasury Secretary https : //t.co/mX1VcOoqde https : //t.co/QpZUn53uYK
Upholding The Law : Attorney General Nominee Jeff Sessions https : //t.co/qlb3POfK2P https : //t.co/OO8kckw4j0
Here , in America ⬇️ https : //t.co/BTLmu8U6ZK
# OnThisDay 225 years ago , the # BillOfRights was ratified . https : //t.co/alcrLK2LKV
Andy Puzder : Bringing A Pro-Worker Approach To The Department Of Labor https : //t.co/piX2a1NPJP https : //t.co/6TQo5x9UOg
The Many Democratic Excuses for Defeat https : //t.co/Isv534JmQe
President-elect @ realDonaldTrump intends to nominate U.S . Congressman @ RyanZinke as Secretary of the @ Interior . https : //t.co/GUVKeikZcT
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/W5b9IGzTHR
Get in the Christmas spirit with your very own # MakeAmericaGreatAgain Red Cap Collectible Ornament ➡️ https : //t.co/OnVmtSqVJz https : //t.co/FRpDtR7ymV
Three Facts About @ BetsyDeVos https : //t.co/NOfSmCCIFI https : //t.co/XT3WjUqrYE
`` ... a powerful voice for crime victims as the Chief Law Enforcement Officer of the United States . '' https : //t.co/Nn71kOjiOu https : //t.co/U6EHX85NQZ
President-elect @ realDonaldTrump intends to nominate former Texas @ GovernorPerry as Secretary of the U.S. Department of @ ENERGY . https : //t.co/39DFoFnEDt
. @ nikkihaley : A New Generation of Leadership for the World Stage https : //t.co/C1TckIcIBZ https : //t.co/qdUaKHt9TE
RT @ Reince : Five reasons Rex Tillerson is the right pick for secretary of state https : //t.co/Umxk177n79
A National Security and Intelligence Team to Keep America Safe https : //t.co/UnnE4Tfoto https : //t.co/Hudv8v7Y98
Gates , Rice praise Tillerson pick https : //t.co/HWDehoQHjs
President-elect @ realDonaldTrump selects Rex Tillerson as Secretary of @ StateDept . https : //t.co/D3y3i3puVX
. @ DHSgov nominee Kelly promises an end to 'political correctness ' in national security https : //t.co/RzcQA0pVCq https : //t.co/ByRAvsooXP
All about working for YOU , the American people . https : //t.co/mjMqIhgrZb
The Doctor Is In : @ TomPriceMD Brings A Patient-First Approach To @ HHSGov https : //t.co/d45oBIlhzu https : //t.co/68RKleDqLy
. @ realDonaldTrump to nominate retired general John Kelly as secretary of the @ DHSgov https : //t.co/XEi3IdBGUE https : //t.co/zygeqU49F2
. @ ScottPruittOK and @ AndyPuzder A pair of brilliant nominees https : //t.co/TWNFVaCYPG
. @ ScottPruittOK : The Balanced , Pro-Energy Choice To Lead the @ EPA ➡️ https : //t.co/5IM4P0bY3q https : //t.co/mSWvFy8Nt6
. @ Linda_McMahon has an accomplished biz background & amp ; is widely recognized as 1 of the country ’ s top female execs ➡️ https : //t.co/q3VcOM7G0T https : //t.co/bzCNngtgBz
Only 40 more days ... cc @ TrumpInaugural https : //t.co/xt0sAzwxva
# SecDef nominee , General James `` Mad Dog '' Mattis ➡️ https : //t.co/HLhJuNr3jQ https : //t.co/7reh9L0fIX
What people are saying about @ ScottPruittOK 's @ EPA nomination https : //t.co/4SWq1vRqjy https : //t.co/iaKecfDr9s
Working hard for the American people and ready to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ⬇️ https : //t.co/eGQYR5ZQNB
# FF @ TrumpInaugural for all things Inauguration ⬇️ https : //t.co/Dm6Qu3KB9B
Former Arkansas Democratic AG : @ ScottPruittOK `` Will Restore A Notion Of Rule Of Law To EPA '' https : //t.co/M6HVC6UbED
Get to know Pres-elect @ realDonaldTrump 's nominee to be the Ambassador to China , Governor @ TerryBranstad ➡️ https : //t.co/sSt22rWNzM https : //t.co/MRCKTGCDS2
One month ago today , we did it ! https : //t.co/BNorDxjMfI https : //t.co/SrrJK1ZckI
. @ realDonaldTrump and the art of getting it done https : //t.co/8xrpd00Roy
RT @ TrumpInaugural : Counting down the days until the swearing in of @ realDonaldTrump & amp ; @ mike_pence . Check in here for the latest updates . # …
5 facts about President-elect @ realDonaldTrump 's @ SBAgov nominee , @ Linda_McMahon : https : //t.co/q3VcOM7G0T https : //t.co/yt09RRRxks
In a blow to Senate Democrats , the White House says @ realDonaldTrump should be given “ significant latitude to assemble his team. ” https : //t.co/lsKboK5Gs6
8 Facts About Defense Secretary Nominee General James Mattis https : //t.co/HLhJuNr3jQ https : //t.co/HssPxp4Qsf
RT @ mike_pence : Privileged to mark the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor w/ so many from the Greatest Generation . Heroes all.…
Making moves to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ! https : //t.co/kQHtlieQpV
Today we remember the thousands of Americans killed & amp ; wounded in the attack on Pearl Harbor & amp ; the survivors who are still with us today . https : //t.co/NSrgD5wtGE
. @ realDonaldTrump Formally Introduces Defense Nominee James ‘ Mad Dog ’ Mattis https : //t.co/DVQGqpAuqv
RT @ Reince : Congrats to President-elect @ realDonaldTrump for being named @ TIME 's Person of the Year ! # TIMEPOY
`` ... he speaks truth to power . '' https : //t.co/2YLN2ZA7Ah
RT @ RSLC : WATCH : Election Day 2016 was a historic occasion for state level Republicans . Our recap video `` Victory , '' is out now : https : //t.co…
Poll : @ realDonaldTrump 's @ Carrier Deal Is Wildly Popular https : //t.co/7nNmDWmpkL
# OnThisDay in 1865 the 13th Amendment was ratified , abolishing slavery . https : //t.co/IqKtxUvomS
Republicans are ready . https : //t.co/vKtyEFQrES
Get in the Christmas spirit with your very own # MakeAmericaGreatAgain Red Cap Collectible Ornament ⬇️
https : //t.co/kIORXHQS30 https : //t.co/hAFtLZeUhy
Because the Democrats are more than welcome to stay right where they are ... https : //t.co/fphLbzEVfO
How The RNC 's Ground Game Made Florida Red Again via Co-Chair @ SharonDay https : //t.co/KXpiXjUORD
. @ realDonaldTrump to Nominate @ RealBenCarson as Housing Secretary https : //t.co/IWZ1U9Oe2a
RT @ JohnKennedyLA : VP-Elect @ Mike_Pence GOTV rally LIVE NOW ! Watch live : https : //t.co/UWGaWFhAdi & amp ; https : //t.co/MXeVJSkOAv # LASen
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Sxz5ITJmDS
Fact : More people in MI looked up their polling location on https : //t.co/W5YAvyB4mo than the difference in the election # MichiganRecount
Already making history ... https : //t.co/AEUHHPp7fV https : //t.co/dK9MRGy3A1
. @ realDonaldTrump Pledges 'America First ' In Speech On Victory Tour https : //t.co/rax31AE0Uh
Vice President-elect @ mike_pence Says @ realDonaldTrump Administration Plans Ambitious Agenda https : //t.co/4QjNz0FDe2 https : //t.co/o2K8DUzdEe
BREAKING NEWS : The Senate voted unanimously to renew the Iran sanctions law ⬇️ https : //t.co/6X8Kmoxqub
1,000 jobs before a single day in the White House 👍 https : //t.co/LNZHfBTBhY
. @ realDonaldTrump To Visit Indianapolis , Cincinnati In First Public Events Since Election Day https : //t.co/okjX1eCemz https : //t.co/ukNCGwshhP
RT @ wisgop : Sign up to protect Wisconsin Elections and # StopTheSteal by going to https : //t.co/4hpnShof6K # WIRecount https : //t.co/DbWZOcV6Ek
. @ Carrier 's announcement keeps JOBS at home , proving that a @ realDonaldTrump Administration means AMERICA first . https : //t.co/4CzeeCTBou
Obama ’ s EPA hurries to finalize a lame duck decision to harm American auto makers and consumers : https : //t.co/pR4abGK3nu https : //t.co/JweYGS6FBN
Since Nov 8th , Pres-elect @ realDonaldTrump has been hard at work beginning to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ➡️ https : //t.co/AEUHHPp7fV https : //t.co/ExHh5ETc3c
. @ realDonaldTrump to nominate @ stevenmnuchin1 as Treasury secretary , @ OfficialWLRoss as Commerce secretary https : //t.co/kXQrNMpS3z
. @ realDonaldTrump Picks @ ElaineChao as Transportation Secretary https : //t.co/8JFr8fsNQV
RT @ realDonaldTrump : My thoughts and prayers are with the great people of Tennessee during these terrible wildfires . Stay safe !
. @ RepTomPrice Is @ realDonaldTrump 's Pick For Health And Human Services Dept . https : //t.co/4cikJf44gz
America FIRST : https : //t.co/BNorDxjMfI https : //t.co/5QwRgAx0RZ
There 's still time left to get your official # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ornament ➡️ https : //t.co/ukHNaHpA0I https : //t.co/nVSFX0Rcgt
The Recount Hail Mary : `` The left may get an unexpected lesson in electoral federalism . '' https : //t.co/tU3QLi9tpu
Pelosi challenger : House Dems need new message and messenger https : //t.co/NDQVECQymh
Full GOP statement on the death of Fidel # Castro https : //t.co/9SWyOJ84tu https : //t.co/IC7YkphwgR
Happy # SmallBizSaturday ! Be sure to check out your local small businesses today ! https : //t.co/wppWt2NUpP
You showed the world that America will once again be a country of , for , and by the PEOPLE ➡️ https : //t.co/BNorDxjMfI https : //t.co/TSK8wFqKSt
Happy Thanksgiving from our families to yours ! https : //t.co/RKy4nJEYNe
Get your official # MakeAmericaGreatAgain ornament before they 're gone ! ⬇️
https : //t.co/1WmqFAq1in https : //t.co/NBGDOkQJZM
👍 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/BNorDxjMfI https : //t.co/804co0Q43r
Obama 's Post-Election Glow Does n't Shine On Democrats https : //t.co/MSlL9qE7aw
. @ realDonaldTrump appoints @ BetsyDeVos to education secretary post https : //t.co/dLWNFRwNMz
. @ realDonaldTrump Taps SC Gov @ nikkihaley To Be Ambassador To UN https : //t.co/AhGCFbTs4Y
`` It 's time to break with the corruption ... '' https : //t.co/N9Bx2hF2Rp
🇺🇸 ➡️ https : //t.co/BNorDxjMfI https : //t.co/Sz4bmVbGx3
`` The Democrats ’ chances of taking over the House any time soon ? Hard to imagine . '' https : //t.co/QnmJbj6RRo
. @ realdonaldtrump Calls for List of Day-One Executive Actions , Outlines First 100 Days https : //t.co/Gt1c9RabA4
Together ➡️ https : //t.co/BNorDxjMfI https : //t.co/lQ2miYOqLV
🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/SUhlr5FNGX
Even Democrats think their `` house is burning down . '' https : //t.co/uKu2JTxgLU
Together as ONE : https : //t.co/BNorDxjMfI https : //t.co/RtZFP5O1jk
Congratulate Pres-elect @ realDonaldTrump , VP-elect @ mike_pence , and the rest of the GOP on this historic night ⬇️
https : //t.co/laKkl8aCIr https : //t.co/yLtHcFt8cn
# OnThisDay in 1863 , President Abraham Lincoln delivered the Gettysburg Address https : //t.co/lPvLVDfpfM
The # LeadRight2016 Ground Game 👌 👌 https : //t.co/NS0VHA2ZBN https : //t.co/xjaLqR5aCl
`` ... a traveler could drive 3,600 miles across the continent ... without ever leaving a state under total GOP control '' https : //t.co/OqZDnlFtSM https : //t.co/2jJxr5zEjo
This is just the beginning as we continue to strengthen our outreach & amp ; communicate our values to the American people https : //t.co/6OKY29DJ77 https : //t.co/sSIfilCqLR
Last week we learned that America is still a beacon of hope where the impossible is possible ➡️ https : //t.co/wiVr0WPtgn https : //t.co/k25Z4dLZ2X
# LeadRight2016 ➡️ https : //t.co/6OKY29DJ77 https : //t.co/ef0JlYAnUi
RT @ BreitbartTech : Canadian Graduate Students Engage in ‘ Queer Exploration of Fat Time ’
https : //t.co/FmC5He8ubB https : //t.co/9UyucZcBZm
https : //t.co/wSRhaShzIO
https : //t.co/rk5ZjSN0Yv
https : //t.co/ZwDF3EJqyG
https : //t.co/GcwUZnH9hl
Why though https : //t.co/F0xOeHzsk9
. @ NolteNC : `` What is Kanye guilty of ?

What sin did he commit ?

All he is doing is refusing to hate Trump , telling a truth about Obama , and calling for people to think for themselves , to expand their thought process . And look at the backlash . '' https : //t.co/BZMIFVlO2a
Cory Booker : *downs two tubs of Ben & amp ; Jerry 's Chubby Hubby in protest* https : //t.co/XnFvIVWBT2
https : //t.co/OIDJmM7GC2
https : //t.co/rJBKrVKL44
https : //t.co/8KNEMq1SRu
https : //t.co/HlwX1Q2FTi
Okay then . https : //t.co/9DuQxt7FfF
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : AZ Senate Candidate . @ kelliwardaz congratulates . @ DebbieLesko on her special election victory and tells why the @ GOP n…
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ SebGorka on the chances the President will remain in the Iran Nuclear Deal on . @ BreitbartNews Daily on . @ SiriusXMPat…
https : //t.co/kmrxppt0jY
RT @ BreitbartVideo : AG Jeff Sessions : ‘ I Do Have Confidence ’ in Rod Rosenstein https : //t.co/XNi4imP63v by @ pamkeyNEN
RT @ BreitbartNews : @ JohnWesleyShipp @ JoyAnnReid Hi , '90s Flash . Outing as a political weapon : yea or nay ? https : //t.co/rp8XxaaKYT
@ JohnWesleyShipp @ JoyAnnReid Hi , '90s Flash . Outing as a political weapon : yea or nay ? https : //t.co/rp8XxaaKYT
https : //t.co/Fy4qk6bpNM
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
RT @ jeff_poor : Impeach ! https : //t.co/s27da87scy
Justice Kagan asked about a hypothetical president who might get “ elected who is a vehement anti-Semite and says all kinds of denigrating comments about Jews , ” and trying to keep all Jewish people out of the country . https : //t.co/vWaOYaYIg9
https : //t.co/LtPoY8jJQT
https : //t.co/uJuNe4aAom
What Not Selling Your Data looks like : https : //t.co/bAvI5M42cK
They wrote an article about a violent crime . Now they 're in court : https : //t.co/ZPkkJo7EbV
https : //t.co/xJthyx9TKb
RT @ RaheemKassam : https : //t.co/EgEhq03AMa
Dead https : //t.co/AP4L3MTfSl
. @ AnnCoulter : `` This week , we ’ ll cover one of the little-noticed ways mass Third World immigration is making our country more colorful : elder rape . '' https : //t.co/2jtGguFZmd
Hmmmmm @ JamesDelingpole https : //t.co/0wgx610fSg
`` In order for her claims to be true , which they are not , the secret hacking plot must have begun at least 12 years ago before anyone knew or cared who Joy Reid was . That ’ s a lie . It ’ s a childish lie . '' https : //t.co/psMhctOwa4
. @ carney : `` West ’ s shoes *are* a billion business . And they may be *much* bigger than that . '' https : //t.co/6WpQENxOuu
White supremacy has roots in scientific racism and it often relies on pseudoscientific arguments . https : //t.co/kf2KRoYTFU
https : //t.co/wbqGD8Ep4F
Principled . https : //t.co/pJ1s34k9uS
https : //t.co/wNHLrXPhlK
https : //t.co/GNEoKxWmJe
🤨 https : //t.co/7qPD3poY5x
https : //t.co/A8vUx1BltM
https : //t.co/KShU2d8nqb
https : //t.co/QdVi9WSFiv
https : //t.co/n1noHKYbXw
Do you have # DragonEnergy ? @ SonnieJohnson & amp ; @ courrielche will explain how @ kanyewest broke the internet with a # MAGA hat on # BreitbartNewsTonight with @ RAMansour & amp ; @ JoelPollak on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 . Also : @ JessicaV_CIS on # caravan ; @ ChrisNeiweem on # VA . Call 866-95-PATRIOT .
Whoa . https : //t.co/wgaKuSITGZ
https : //t.co/8J5sfXd0Ya
https : //t.co/rLStohBdap
`` The reason liberal news sites are ignoring the story is as self-evident as it is troubling . '' https : //t.co/yYKf2A0F2t
https : //t.co/IFGnWDKaDZ
“ Mental Health is no joke and the media needs to stop spitting that out so casually. ” https : //t.co/xZGsXYVlgM
https : //t.co/TwMDqpcATh
“ Our veterans and the VA deserve so much better than this on so many different levels. ” https : //t.co/1sY3FISbfV
https : //t.co/5SMzgoGAYO
https : //t.co/fB0tRqOJAC
RT @ LevineJonathan : Media Matters chief @ GoAngelo tells me no boycott for Joy Reid

`` I take ad pressure campaigns seriously ... This is rig…
-Up until now , nobody has been marketing corporate home surveillance to children .
-Yeah , why is that ? I feel like there 's a reason for that .
-And here 's the best part : There 's absolutely no reason for that . https : //t.co/aIdJWKSm86
We 'll all be chasing the dragon energy once his new album comes out and he deactivates again https : //t.co/KASqX1i3bq
break the internet https : //t.co/lt6f2Ble4k
https : //t.co/GyKTq9QX6Y
https : //t.co/DvMCorW0wW
https : //t.co/46ywn79JG0
https : //t.co/jDn1zHxY2B
https : //t.co/H0biYzEkp1
Asked if they think “ the investigation being conducted by Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller has gone on for too long and cost too much , ” voters agreed by a 20 point margin , 52 percent to 32 percent . https : //t.co/SrDVzNHMIC
Ruh roh . https : //t.co/Y3Ebz1ivO5
https : //t.co/zS1gL0LiCg
No pasa nada ... https : //t.co/Da6zSLkuJ1
https : //t.co/gU6xVRvNLc
`` Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard , believed , and supported . ''

—Hillary Clinton , 2015 https : //t.co/Q4oZE5M8px
https : //t.co/53K4WvFYDo
& gt ; '' Hackers '' publish un-PC thoughts on gays to Joy 's blog in 2006
& gt ; Joy continues blogging through at least 2009 , publishing un-PC thoughts on gays
& gt ; Does n't notice the `` hack '' until 2018
Seeeeems legit ! https : //t.co/zC4pgmKL7u
RT @ ben_kew : Clearly defining past genocides is important to holding modern genocidal actors accountable . https : //t.co/QZ80Y7FiVH
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/2gjAbm1HNR
RT @ charliespiering : They DO move in herds # WhiteHouseReporters chase @ presssec https : //t.co/MYFioQjIYE
https : //t.co/celJts7rIx
Search engines can shift a “ 50/50 split split among people who are undecided on an issue to a 90/10 split without people ’ s awareness and without leaving a paper trail for authorities to follow. ” https : //t.co/vEpD4FBdgl
https : //t.co/7AJjy5sZjm
https : //t.co/JlwRDCKGVv
https : //t.co/dOI72r6NVE
https : //t.co/i8gjmCfjKZ
Time is a flat circle . https : //t.co/YkTCnCASIk
https : //t.co/q9NPlyjcQU
https : //t.co/OjSvXDF5q7
https : //t.co/NOzwHOEDsM
Hehe https : //t.co/i6JbEOOUl9
https : //t.co/KUFR0NHXs7
https : //t.co/GlU6yqxObI
Whoa . https : //t.co/nFT2mPgqro
https : //t.co/LapwlKKMA8
https : //t.co/CehkyNSO9G
`` The reason liberal news sites are ignoring the story is as self-evident as it is troubling . '' https : //t.co/0aOM0UA3No
https : //t.co/lrrHJSlQd2
Saint Pepsi vibes https : //t.co/7YdaAN0rZW
The only possible explanation . https : //t.co/JEBl36rrHW
In stores less than 4 months after the Parkland shooting . https : //t.co/3V9yyq0zRV
Dude . https : //t.co/R4U1rj0SRn
https : //t.co/3SQmlNtow5
True socialism . https : //t.co/Qw9w1j93pi
Quid pro quo . https : //t.co/WSn5yPWZUo
https : //t.co/zxU06OzT8u
https : //t.co/HmMtyNFopy
https : //t.co/0ncJDS5qCw
Hehe https : //t.co/bpUI7Y6bPg
https : //t.co/uZ9886BzrC
https : //t.co/3PYycNFkkx
https : //t.co/GOuf9ByUZC
https : //t.co/LQMudn7JQB
https : //t.co/q1CY0LT6kL
Run SmellTest.exe
👃❌
👃❌
👃❌
SmellTest.exe failed . https : //t.co/dDrVDncHWn
https : //t.co/zSqFeC0zi3
RT @ BreitbartTexas : Three More Border Patrol Agents Assaulted in South Texas https : //t.co/H7jFtuecaI
Saint Pepsi vibes https : //t.co/awiHrwhhi4
https : //t.co/UfzreAiVdI
WALL https : //t.co/5ZrUepX0J4
https : //t.co/fKcAEqCQxs
In stores less than 4 months after the Parkland shooting . https : //t.co/nhtodUVEHO
GET HYPE https : //t.co/xtebrUk05L
https : //t.co/nqWcYyxfki
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/sWKCAXbXhB
https : //t.co/FKN9pKHbu3
https : //t.co/ybCoY3Pe7L
https : //t.co/yMbMDulA1w
https : //t.co/3gsJWjm4Zf
The 𝙳 𝙰 𝚃 𝙰 must flow . https : //t.co/cwbIkqEo2j
https : //t.co/nTOznjiXA9
https : //t.co/s5hBVLUo0R
https : //t.co/l3iNKhRWMT
Normalization ! https : //t.co/igR2ZeLzrD
Trigg 'd https : //t.co/MLluzyfYTA
https : //t.co/9KJJ4xeAig
https : //t.co/NdPs4Zr5wp
https : //t.co/6IcYMxbcnT
https : //t.co/YAMSAfn5uz
https : //t.co/4JQxbIO5pn
https : //t.co/pTWDgSc4Gq
https : //t.co/9Pn2jMRUYj
https : //t.co/3OIytK6BzQ
https : //t.co/h5w7ObqiT4
Corporate Social Justice dividends . https : //t.co/85UNhHyEle
https : //t.co/v0IPhav3GC
No brakes ? https : //t.co/xvDxyWFNF8
https : //t.co/JqKbmEqlAM
https : //t.co/kSpay7hVSu
https : //t.co/QOUVbBsQNW
https : //t.co/l7lG3hcqFg
https : //t.co/vaLrlcMvZQ
RT @ TomlinsonCJ : https : //t.co/mxqOm4g7Rs
https : //t.co/ZNbzTgARZ3
Blue Check Mark brigade totally silent . https : //t.co/GvlsPljzHl
⌛⏪ https : //t.co/vdXSAOFWYP
https : //t.co/ifujrrudlx
https : //t.co/Gwc601TB2o
https : //t.co/qgIp7wgyv1
https : //t.co/EWNQ5CwQPf
https : //t.co/iuyfsnTpFp
https : //t.co/StE02n37UD
Oof . https : //t.co/4bFHAirHd2
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/YXWvMbzr33
Normalization ! https : //t.co/IMUjiIwPjI
https : //t.co/aeSRAAOxsI
https : //t.co/9ucnRtNa8p
Whoa if true . https : //t.co/r3eIrqhx4V
https : //t.co/sbJoRjdkJx
https : //t.co/oQuidsxuSV
Got ta moderate for the midterms ! https : //t.co/zvUf6q4Lvp
https : //t.co/uGLQlIi08K
https : //t.co/a7ucM7EHXI
https : //t.co/OoGOp6Bo4r
https : //t.co/kW5ZIHMcWv
https : //t.co/bt1C5arU1V
https : //t.co/PzYMDtMLBf
https : //t.co/LU4GYaqmgY
https : //t.co/HgEdgNSfGi
https : //t.co/vfoNmJaX7s
https : //t.co/lCPVBY5OQK
RT @ AndrewPollackFL : I ’ m on Breitbart News Sunday Sirius channel 125 tonight at 7 ET . Will be discussing school safety ! Tune in ! # FixIt
https : //t.co/LoKFQ9cEIy
`` When he came in , I distinctively remember thinking that he is going to have to work for this kill . '' https : //t.co/r2YKs24Sxz
https : //t.co/2c7T9q0z97
( 2/2 ) ... other international headlines , and @ AmyKremer on the # 2018Midterms . Plus candidates @ MorriseyWV , @ RepHagan , and @ kelliwardaz join hosts @ AmandaLeeHouse and @ mboyle1 . Tune in 7-10 pm ET on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch . 125 📞 866-95-PATRIOT 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/qZm4QMSWOT
Get ready for the week w/ # BreitbartNewsSunday . Tonight ’ s lineup : @ AndrewPollackFL on # RideforMeadow and school safety awareness , @ Surabees on why Trump should recognize the # ArmenianGenocide , Dr. Susan Berry on tomorrow ’ s # SexEdSitOut , @ CurtMills on Macron ’ s visit and ... ( 1/2 )
https : //t.co/jJfUij5PSO
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ AndrewPollackFL , father of Parkland victim Meadow Pollack , joins # BreitbartNewsSunday at 7pm ET to tell us about # Rid…
https : //t.co/xy8BKCLgEN
https : //t.co/lXm3mh2v4u
https : //t.co/osjViBs1Jj
https : //t.co/FPSkargMKT
https : //t.co/Gu1lBHBJLZ
https : //t.co/btwQeZV1tZ
“ Your victim has suffered considerably [ but ] you are still a young man and I understand that you have witnessed horrible events in your childhood and adolescent years . '' https : //t.co/R6l5pYItsj
https : //t.co/4IlDld9EO6
https : //t.co/PSza4n5A04
Always zeroing in on the big issues , that Jeff Zucker . https : //t.co/snSjDtTeXu
https : //t.co/mHnUDkp82P
https : //t.co/MPr4m4XB1N
https : //t.co/N32A3QXWY0
https : //t.co/s8lNHzlfJH
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/hDs6sbLJvZ
“ The head of the FBI using politics , poll numbers and personal bias to do his job — the American people should be outraged , and it ’ s dangerous for us as American citizens when someone behaves this way. ” https : //t.co/gw5ZyhJVzD
https : //t.co/GvJqBjxfsZ
https : //t.co/aXzZA47nrC
https : //t.co/tCBV0pnBUW
https : //t.co/tKIR3ggtOD
me😴irl https : //t.co/YLonibwnvv
https : //t.co/lni2ndNERc
https : //t.co/jWSsM7LfpJ
https : //t.co/4tg9frHw8F
https : //t.co/qHiLtDZ8hx
https : //t.co/uiu3T57TCF
Awwwww . https : //t.co/U214GDfxFo
https : //t.co/ZLsCEZ7sjS
https : //t.co/MPHW7y7JSk
https : //t.co/1dNc6u8FX4
“ How can you stand for the national anthem of a nation that preaches and propagates , ‘ freedom and justice for all , ’ that is so unjust to so many of the people living there ? ” https : //t.co/z0YVRzACXp
https : //t.co/4sy5KbhR5O
https : //t.co/dK3IJKHWDX
https : //t.co/tDUFsvPkCI
https : //t.co/hCEmUKsNxm
You will never be Social Justice compliant enough . https : //t.co/ZOvzccWD59
https : //t.co/a55hlw4dz7
https : //t.co/WS9kW6PpLj
Nextdoor shooting war . https : //t.co/xposLVUEcR
https : //t.co/xnxlR6yHd7
Madman ! https : //t.co/AYY3hEWW0E
https : //t.co/rQCfJH6pVD
https : //t.co/Orlf0HPmx3
You mean `` repeal , '' and -- good luck ! https : //t.co/HBlgwD2tsi
https : //t.co/gR0TtDH3d7
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
Midterms are just around the corner ! # BreitbartNewsSaturday hosts @ mboyle1 and @ AmandaLeeHouse will talk with candidates @ ToddRokita @ MarshaBlackburn @ KrisKobach1787 and @ karringtonsc . Also : @ kristina_wong and @ NeilMunroDC join # NorthKorea # Comey # DNC lawsuit 📞866-95-PATRIOT
https : //t.co/RfJfU2sSNB
https : //t.co/Ilhc1KJp97
https : //t.co/rSAk0ZVbG2
https : //t.co/H7akr7LBf9
Progress . https : //t.co/QlFFh8VBlw
https : //t.co/4L1HeSOFW7
https : //t.co/KzkL4FKUBY
https : //t.co/EnavbJwAdU
https : //t.co/HTAh9pxR22
Is @ CynthiaNixon the # MeToo # resistance dream candidate ? Tell @ RAMansour & amp ; @ jcarney # BreitbartNewsTonight on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 . 📞866-95-PATRIOT . Also @ kwong_wong on Comey ; @ TomlinsonCJ on Soros ' Stalingrad & amp ; Powell 's `` Rivers of Blood '' ; @ joelpollak on Natalie Portman 's BDS
https : //t.co/BsFB6CwOvD
Madman ! https : //t.co/2N1LXnmP4i
https : //t.co/YsLTwbP11y
https : //t.co/pmqRoe7BJB
https : //t.co/No16RMkeEF
https : //t.co/KGnfE2A2ip
Dude . https : //t.co/kEV24YuhTM
https : //t.co/pPch0YP9WO
https : //t.co/nwGdp4rdD6
https : //t.co/Nsl5Mdkufw
🤭 https : //t.co/u0UThDnjFL
PATRIARCHY WINS AGAIN https : //t.co/GR00J9SL8I
https : //t.co/AXB41mSlS8
https : //t.co/YC6kVf6AJu
RT @ AWRHawkins : Love this . Sticking it to ‘ em . # comeandtakeit @ BreitbartNews https : //t.co/XoGKzo70LP
Awwwww . https : //t.co/mdHLPB270z
Build the infrastructure before we know the tech works . # HyperHype https : //t.co/JzOB0HpBN0
https : //t.co/LltxrfsmnG
https : //t.co/Tmoe81xPBV
https : //t.co/c59SlaP0wi
https : //t.co/a8mzZTbvDP
RT @ thedonaldreddit : TOPPEST OF KEK 🤣🤣 https : //t.co/VAffgYLiQ5
https : //t.co/zsjiheo8PC
`` Not only is Andrew McCabe saying he wasn ’ t being deceptive ; he ’ s saying that he was told by Comey that this was okay , that he authorized some leaks in the past , which Comey now denies . '' https : //t.co/0yZr3kkEKF
https : //t.co/MLOxiDycZm
The death panel has spoken . https : //t.co/vMenDCT82Z
4/20 y'all https : //t.co/FRy2rHWXvD
https : //t.co/Vjbpm6yyaS
https : //t.co/iCvCZB3Qlh
https : //t.co/JW2luv39Qx
https : //t.co/NIweZsx1b3 https : //t.co/Ai9xe68pEk
https : //t.co/wOvr6uNMJA
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
... https : //t.co/eO9Zl2eMBL
https : //t.co/fF6JkWaOmc
“ They annoyed me sexually . The way they smiled at me provoked some kind of emotions inside me that are embarrassing. ” https : //t.co/mfOxIH4CX1
https : //t.co/NMCXk4iTqm
https : //t.co/ZPWpKD4k37
https : //t.co/CjxSVHo8kx
https : //t.co/dsajgpd8Rh
PATRIARCHY WINS AGAIN https : //t.co/pKHWuof2yX
https : //t.co/cGlkNjACco
WAT https : //t.co/IfUkRXTzXV
https : //t.co/W7ptN2S70k
https : //t.co/XZpzioo0bn
Oh ? https : //t.co/xMZ3bvUyj3
https : //t.co/mN2RJbHNrF
Gropey has some thoughts on treating women right . https : //t.co/fbKR3dCz7w
https : //t.co/UQqn7hK8Te
... Jefe ? https : //t.co/B6kSmVqaJA
https : //t.co/Bx2UAR6rct
https : //t.co/nm0OhkOAZh
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ SebGorka on how important the 2018 Midterms are for the . @ GOP on . @ BreitbartNews Daily on . @ SiriusXMPatriot https : //…
Lock 'em up ? @ RepGosar & amp ; @ peterschweizer explain the criminal referrals for McCabe , Hillary , Comey , et . al . Also : @ SonnieJohnson on # StarbucksWhileBlack ; @ MichelleDiana on Trump v Moonbeam ; @ AWRHawkins on Walkout 2.0 . 📞866-95-PATRIOT # BreitbartNewsTonight @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : @ GOP Spokeswoman @ kayleighmcenany on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush on @ BreitbartNews Daily on @ SiriusX…
https : //t.co/bTpFDFeSAu
https : //t.co/oajrRFmScA
https : //t.co/o3lsnCafW5
https : //t.co/C7HbXVxirf
https : //t.co/59dTAI3p3n
Real talk . https : //t.co/xLknbXiECZ
`` I ’ m totally fine with transparency . '' https : //t.co/qk1aMSVeQy
RT @ BreitbartTech : ‘ Ecosexual ’ University of Michigan Professor Writes About ‘ Talking Erotically to Plants ’ .
via @ tciccotta
https : //t.co/tX…
Dude . https : //t.co/vnva7RktOw
https : //t.co/aZSTM7mEjf
Everything 's definitely above board here ! https : //t.co/y2aQQBmea3
https : //t.co/FPY02IRqhW
https : //t.co/zGjjmce6oQ
https : //t.co/TYzA7UxPF9
https : //t.co/h5qXquNYiu
https : //t.co/qsC82q2NZA
https : //t.co/zJNpcctcA2
Oh ? https : //t.co/QhuzDdJNXX
https : //t.co/GY5LIIu4Cb
https : //t.co/HpkCXxTXTC
RT @ LibertarianBlue : More from the @ JamesADamore lawsuit :

Google Senior Engineer wanted to sabotage @ RealDonaldTrump 's android phone , ban…
WAT https : //t.co/WcW4erbQRn
https : //t.co/EbQIRvN2cA
https : //t.co/YUeLO9jRgK
AP headline : https : //t.co/eP3D5L1DEU
Not cool . https : //t.co/9YQohGgxbF
https : //t.co/BVhLW2Zogc
https : //t.co/rS4FhjGXBr
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/4uLYxQKiT0
RT @ NolteNC : LOLOLOLOL ! !

Amy Schumer 's 'I Feel Pretty ' Slammed By Reviewers https : //t.co/1TegoLmR28
https : //t.co/LyjPhaiR6C
https : //t.co/JRGiDYuwrv
https : //t.co/1RwzEKm6u9
https : //t.co/ZS8CbUZfpw
https : //t.co/MJlZAfUM4L
https : //t.co/6YvaKYhS6O
https : //t.co/OiaLAf1hCM
https : //t.co/OaH6WUsylA
https : //t.co/ewaN6i3LE0
https : //t.co/8UdF14az9a
https : //t.co/NUwKEklCr3
https : //t.co/Rs437O3h1m
https : //t.co/nGYTa8YbOL
https : //t.co/SIfTg4LDHr
https : //t.co/tziflmFwmZ
🐔🐔🐔 https : //t.co/117JYOozpp
https : //t.co/BJCRDhMfwW
https : //t.co/5feu6PZH6G
https : //t.co/O065LBVkZx
https : //t.co/crHB3QxBJw
https : //t.co/7dlmoQHGuu
😢 https : //t.co/58SDxUMvUn
https : //t.co/ND3JskUaLf
https : //t.co/EgY2oqbQvI
. @ AnnCoulter : `` The 'Real Housewives ' engage in less self-referential preening '' than James Comey . https : //t.co/YyKLU76Zz3
Oh baby . https : //t.co/xlOWcXSyTr
https : //t.co/CWDXPjhqs8
W O K E https : //t.co/peDnJCUf5S
`` Despite the [ anonymous ] complaint being entirely fabricated , Google sided with the harassers and asked that Amador issue an apology . '' https : //t.co/LsRJOwUNRY
Le Victimless Crime https : //t.co/atLUBgKvI3
https : //t.co/59g11Mg5mz
https : //t.co/upUc502p53
https : //t.co/tp59gW3jVD
https : //t.co/ViFD2keFYP
@ dmartosko @ JxhnBinder Q.E.D .
https : //t.co/syu4A9g9WE
RT @ BreitbartNews : Um @ JxhnBinder has been doing this `` Fashion Notes '' series since last summer and the NY Times wrote it up in November . ht…
https : //t.co/rhbGiCNAqL
https : //t.co/bHb0xVhcbc
2018 , flying cars , etc . https : //t.co/NmTujLf7J1
https : //t.co/4FAfRM2nii
https : //t.co/ZdJ5gzOJwM
Um @ JxhnBinder has been doing this `` Fashion Notes '' series since last summer and the NY Times wrote it up in November . https : //t.co/K1zylRtk3M
RT @ AWRHawkins : Rep. Rokita Pushes to End Citibank 's Federal Contract After Finance Giant Pushes Corporate Gun Control https : //t.co/SkHhf6Z…
https : //t.co/08yRJVJGjO
https : //t.co/GOEQjKP9n2
https : //t.co/Bv3z5xLZO7
RT @ JxhnBinder : Talking Nikki Haley 's `` Never Trump '' history and First Lady Barbara Bush on @ BreitbartNews Tonight . Listen here ! https : //t.c…
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/0uYiFj9Q77
https : //t.co/xoD0173Mjx
https : //t.co/ErSRzJedza
https : //t.co/jeQgBivKq7
Old hardwood forests in the U.S. are being chopped down , exported to the U.K. , and burned for what is billed as “ green ” energy . The policy `` is costing taxpayers more than £700 million per year through a levy on their electricity bills . '' https : //t.co/RUxyCxI1x9
https : //t.co/obDhtauxHv
https : //t.co/JPBhznuvyc
https : //t.co/YSsBPqMtSV
Got ta spend a little money to save the sweatshops so we can save more money in the sweatshops . https : //t.co/s73ANS9oeH
https : //t.co/QeuPOR9aMJ
https : //t.co/On9xIwD5Ip
https : //t.co/a3KJHzZe5I
https : //t.co/NOFrOwAkHY
Same https : //t.co/9YtEFIeVSC
https : //t.co/DgSceHdC50
🤯 https : //t.co/Pq74nsb24o
https : //t.co/E1vj5EokxH
https : //t.co/FvfA1z49wP
Yikes . https : //t.co/Ev0LdGn5TW
RIP . https : //t.co/cErxN1JSQh
https : //t.co/3jkJON9KeQ
https : //t.co/g0oCRWRwEy
https : //t.co/lB1ll6f5oh
True socialism has finally been tried https : //t.co/lN6bmkPsPk
`` Libby was not only *not* convicted of leaking Plame ’ s name , he was also innocent of the process crimes he was convicted of . '' https : //t.co/1EEqALWiVw
RT @ NeilMunroDC : Trump pushes 'Never Trump ' Jon Lerner out of job in VP Pence 's office . But Marc Short and other cheap-labor activists stil…
This could end being a major burn . https : //t.co/z5kGVu1mhJ
https : //t.co/CiT2mERyVs
https : //t.co/l8XqLhUTCK
https : //t.co/KroZqDOV23
https : //t.co/vhbAVWvHMY
https : //t.co/bfOJWwsXAF
https : //t.co/YDZvZuCOBh
`` Low-life '' politicians = Citizens ' interests and the rule of law come first
Wholesome and virtuous politicians = Protect the sweatshop at any cost https : //t.co/TKtKBGB6wr
King 🤡 https : //t.co/dEeTHzrdcI
https : //t.co/KMBBH9moBf
Whether your wallet 's getting filled or emptied on Tax Day , make sure it 's the right kind ! https : //t.co/QB0YkfKmD5
https : //t.co/C4UoYsSp9v
https : //t.co/MNH6swX0JZ
RT @ funder : I wonder if the IRS website being shut down has anything to do with the Russians . I ’ m not joking . Or Twitter shutting down earl…
Extremely Woke Other-ing . https : //t.co/eKDXoWxTK0
https : //t.co/F2gG2E00Cz
`` Now that we are entering the era of the 'Sean Hannity Standard , ' we will finally be enlightened with full disclosures from every political journalist/commentator about their personal relationships with Democrat politicians and their respective handlers . '' https : //t.co/jq7XkE1l8s
Life comes at you fast . https : //t.co/tSFwi1oZVI
https : //t.co/6MVTlN6MHN
https : //t.co/M8hzowm5Cq
This will end well . https : //t.co/ocmAHKsCcz
https : //t.co/HItSAzlRJ6
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/RXqSfcAO0v
Same https : //t.co/JpxCjSUZql
https : //t.co/8wfRj3KP51
`` Without knowing all — or any — of the facts , the media went absolutely insane — wall-to-wall , hour-to-hour coverage of yours truly . '' https : //t.co/Z0dNzFVO0o
https : //t.co/Q7pYsAr6bQ
https : //t.co/l60dn8ZEnh
`` [ Rosenstein ] signed off on the decision to go after Michael Cohen . The curious thing about him is he ’ s technically in charge of Mueller ... but he ’ s also a witness in that investigation because he ... wrote the memo directing that James Comey be fired . '' https : //t.co/xPiS1EmVCE
https : //t.co/9kmyPExWkJ
https : //t.co/oWc7bakDZX
https : //t.co/GlnNKSzhyG
https : //t.co/G3jpHpCsZ3
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : Harvard Law School professor @ AlanDersh joins `` Breitbart News Tonight '' with @ joelpollak and @ RAMansour to explain why…
https : //t.co/Q4KZ7RF1cz
https : //t.co/KuoQ89ENWj
https : //t.co/y7cvDN8sGt
https : //t.co/goylewl6A6
https : //t.co/GbFKNEJPQd
https : //t.co/i7MO3w2sqZ
https : //t.co/x1i85hLDoH
The article argues for the creation of “ fat bodybuilding , ” which Baldwin describes as “ a fat-inclusive politicized performance and a new culture to be embedded within bodybuilding. ” https : //t.co/vXKjjkrBKM
https : //t.co/aXDtATH5xt
Now there 's some sad things known to man
But ai n't too much sadder than
The tears of a clown
When there 's no one around https : //t.co/GFjrlXrUlQ
True socialism has finally been tried https : //t.co/l53kFTfhxx
They can only harvest what you give up voluntarily ... https : //t.co/8nyEDUaQzQ
It was all right , I guess , but 😩 needs more killing https : //t.co/zmMXAfOCPt
https : //t.co/o5P5iG7Gmy
Now leading Breitbart : A new column from @ DennisDMZ — https : //t.co/wI661YAG5m
https : //t.co/fYzvp4o2R6
“ 'Slimeball ' is commanding $ 1,000 a ticket , according to reports , to hear him hawk his book of self-adulation. ” https : //t.co/SI9KDsbEOm
https : //t.co/oXHYVg85FH
https : //t.co/efWtAYtdzU
“ My worry began to deepen when , around this time , Zuckerberg began using the language of states to talk about Facebook ’ s burgeoning power. ” https : //t.co/DNIfMdQ2cH
https : //t.co/1xQWc8FYbX
https : //t.co/0pd1e4jhPE
https : //t.co/SdB64buWsz
https : //t.co/Lpz3GtGzTP
`` I don ’ t think we can always rely on some of the reports that come from within these areas , because it ’ s not from neutral observers . '' https : //t.co/CLuzS0hNTz
https : //t.co/clCPcnd7un
Oh . https : //t.co/NSYIwhhrxl
https : //t.co/zM7g5ADAVZ
https : //t.co/Fdv8LNX5rV
Harsh but fair . https : //t.co/uJ25DpHs29
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/BkOQgoTj6b
https : //t.co/nu7A9JIFuI
https : //t.co/vcENCgvKeP
https : //t.co/pX4shn4tq7
How compassionate . https : //t.co/o4lvVIaX00
Start your Monday with some Breitbart hot takes : https : //t.co/5x3571XPxM
When you ca n't afford any more bad PR for a decade or so : https : //t.co/tqEBlB1pGD
https : //t.co/D703ttYxYn
https : //t.co/EPofHyr0GN
https : //t.co/DQPwcvLnfI
https : //t.co/6cPC2KTDYo
https : //t.co/sZNUdKr4yH
https : //t.co/oeYhOmrxvs
https : //t.co/D4KrczMtgC
https : //t.co/eGhr2e9H6L
https : //t.co/MvUmSw5tzD
https : //t.co/qQRdoTfUZZ
`` My early death by fossil fuel reflects what we are doing to ourselves . '' https : //t.co/tAZ1dASC93
IHaveABookToSell.mp4 https : //t.co/acOn6o2Dzx
Parents across the nation plan to pull their children from school on April 23 to protest forced gender ideology . @ AbbyJohnson joins # BreitbartNewsSunday hosts @ mboyle1 and @ AmandaLeeHouse at 8pm ET to discuss the “ Sex Ed Sit Out ” protest . Tune in to @ SiriusXMPatriot Ch . 125
New work requirements for food stamps ? @ HouseAgNews Chairman Congressman @ ConawayTX11 joins hosts @ AmandaLeeHouse and @ mboyle1 on # BreitbartNewsSunday at 7pm ET to discuss new legislation from House Republicans . Tune in to @ SiriusXMPatriot Ch 125 📞 866-95-PATRIOT
https : //t.co/7MJ99YHjRS
https : //t.co/u6hA7UnjFi
https : //t.co/u19OIfmDOi
https : //t.co/Zp1zE9kJWa
https : //t.co/dTj6SxI1Nj
Ruh roh . https : //t.co/TPyJB8cmbJ
https : //t.co/UTDMAPr0XZ
See ya ! https : //t.co/Y4utLSCqB0
https : //t.co/ShuRIU8P14
https : //t.co/9LUSHZcrd7
https : //t.co/tx9s3ZVsnu
https : //t.co/UYUgRzQmPR
https : //t.co/lYK9zLSOqB
https : //t.co/1ASApqWQ5Z
https : //t.co/nLR9Ya8eJf
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/kXE4akowjj
https : //t.co/YSdEx5eZVz
https : //t.co/gTY0y8DNhD
https : //t.co/uOeHI3uX5t
https : //t.co/QqLbgPKmTc
Vs. Death Panels https : //t.co/lIMre7INRG
https : //t.co/Wjb0mb2RJh
https : //t.co/0GEFdLrDuo
https : //t.co/hed9F6m2Ad
https : //t.co/S6DLnnsXE0
https : //t.co/5HpM5VhR1W
https : //t.co/NnD4EpvHg5
https : //t.co/qBbK7z75yC
https : //t.co/30abkzJqMt
https : //t.co/3zbygMTyDm
Disney ’ s potential liability does not end with Weinstein , nor do Bob Iger ’ s potential public relations problems . https : //t.co/TitBBWQ80K
`` We do n't sell your data '' -- but it still makes them quite a lot of money somehow ! https : //t.co/SrcLmyp8Au
https : //t.co/8rBMq2jbo6
https : //t.co/43qElVWVU3
https : //t.co/e1nJxTnlym
https : //t.co/uBS7uAcvJT
https : //t.co/23ZD6H58Qq
https : //t.co/GPo84ZmB0B
https : //t.co/EAtQ2ipx3t
https : //t.co/xUgmOIbR9c
See ya ! https : //t.co/ejw8mP1rOj
https : //t.co/7SftnllIaa
https : //t.co/NlET837cxL
https : //t.co/bHaqBSBhxX
https : //t.co/X4BpWNAI2X
https : //t.co/CsrxWZiWa0
https : //t.co/B2E0MPiyar
https : //t.co/xjkzaMhPop
😕 https : //t.co/4rtYdkdvsq
Womp . https : //t.co/S2t04RrzQ9
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/r9LZE9UUy4
https : //t.co/Ghzki6P3DR
https : //t.co/xMz54PK1rq
PLUS — an # Indiana Midterm Special : Congressmen @ RepLukeMesser and @ ToddRokita join back-to-back to discuss their senatorial bids . Tune in to @ SiriusXMPatriot ch . 125 . Weigh in by calling 866-95-PATRIOT 🇺🇸 ( 3/3 ) https : //t.co/tklolkOf0w
Also on the # BreitbartNewsSaturday program : @ JudicialWatch ’ s @ TomFitton on # Comey and # McCabe , Louisiana AG @ JeffLandry on # citizenship and # census2020 , and @ NeilMunroDC on # PaulRyan and # amnesty ... ( 2/3 ) https : //t.co/8Wl42tShoF
Time to talk # Syria . @ mboyle1 and @ AmandaLeeHouse will be joined by @ kristina_wong live from the Pentagon at 10 A.M . ET with the latest developments . Special analysis later in the show from @ GrecianFormula and @ CurtMills ... ( 1/3 )
`` Those who seek to undermine [ citizens ' ] God-given rights do not deserve taxpayer dollars and should be denied federal contracts . '' https : //t.co/FMNyFqTbWy
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Indiana Special — This morning on # BreitbartNewsSaturday , we interview Congressmen @ RepLukeMesser ( 10:15 am ET ) and @ To…
https : //t.co/E8WTfqN7sg
🔪👑Edgelords afoot🔪👑 https : //t.co/kMvHBMIP1m
Ruh roh . https : //t.co/3HF8IWBXvr
https : //t.co/69pCOZerv6
https : //t.co/2pWk2pl4Ss
https : //t.co/bQ4l5YZlh7
🧐 https : //t.co/t65lnNxZXC
https : //t.co/cyeaJichmZ
https : //t.co/Lf6gPmMFYs
https : //t.co/8ZjkOP9Yzb
https : //t.co/ITFvXtG4gF
Jefe ... https : //t.co/PvmCn3XFm7
https : //t.co/AdZ2dpRl6X
https : //t.co/SHIdzBVhV9
https : //t.co/8fDyJ1Fq7R
https : //t.co/iwlgtaSW87
https : //t.co/cHVVd7xLK6
https : //t.co/T8m00phduY
Cory Booker 's blind spot on @ RichardGrenell : https : //t.co/Ngbwk7xr3g
https : //t.co/TSRKcBqHdd
Of course . https : //t.co/K7xLt7jMY7
https : //t.co/nPhycTeCQo
RT @ IldefonsoOrtiz : Six Innocent Bystanders Killed in Mexican Border City Cartel Shootout https : //t.co/vbFuMuJICa via @ BreitbartNews
https : //t.co/jDQkWpDiVv
Hmmmmmm . https : //t.co/CYcq7LGhEh
https : //t.co/qGbZCBWQvt
https : //t.co/TTqYSyBlQ2
https : //t.co/YEKXerZPiS
Neat . https : //t.co/Wc1AnPrSOU
عندما القمر
https : //t.co/N5a8nGoim0
https : //t.co/vDT176GCND
https : //t.co/d6D79b0MVX
https : //t.co/5jMdL7IXDk
https : //t.co/aX28ng7una
Womp . https : //t.co/adevpHi68I
https : //t.co/FKFp7CjpM5
The shooting war next door . https : //t.co/FWGCwEdc1A
https : //t.co/AIyhMfz30p
https : //t.co/eBHMIMZC9O
Going fast ! Be a BREITBALLER https : //t.co/QB0YkfKmD5
https : //t.co/qsVRZblAQs
https : //t.co/Cp0vaD4xU6
https : //t.co/WJyuoh0f0H
https : //t.co/ZUE6aquMw1
https : //t.co/l3Sm8ejhao
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/GTy2sbPgV7
https : //t.co/J5bhspEx4X
https : //t.co/7L2UGaWFvP
https : //t.co/KUbLwyh5Wp
RT @ michellemalkin : Malkin : Facebook in Bed with U.S. Education Department and ‘ Not a Peep ’ from GOP | Breitbart https : //t.co/3tEAeAvLou vi…
https : //t.co/bEcOPcBbeG
https : //t.co/ij4Dm9Ng3y
https : //t.co/Uh9TalVFag
RT @ Doc_0 : `` It is entirely possible this James Comey fellow might have been politically biased , '' mused James Comey . `` I do n't know . It 's not…
RT @ charliespiering : “ The president of the United States had invited me to dinner and decided my job security was on the menu. ” # Comey

😆😆😆
https : //t.co/FmUCMbMfLQ
Um https : //t.co/F2QHj2eFGh
Very stable https : //t.co/1BTeohyUrj
RT @ RAMansour : This is the flow chart of the Syrian civil war factions that @ thesamsorboshow and I mentioned on Wednesday 's edition of # Bre…
RT @ francesmartel : I used all my markers on this flow chart of who 's who in the Syrian civil war for @ RAMansour -- gives you a sense of how…
https : //t.co/5cF81GGf4E
https : //t.co/YkLjK2FdLx
https : //t.co/LlbZZjEbKR
https : //t.co/vFmh09zqM0
https : //t.co/ld7Sb0nYMy
Neat . https : //t.co/BwyNYtk9sA
https : //t.co/tLuNnqeQHT
https : //t.co/LNqu5CbmsS
https : //t.co/IIJX2yTu86
https : //t.co/o0GcWcX5cH
Why does Trump want to join a deal he called “ insanity ” ? # BreitbartNewsTonight host @ RAMansour & amp ; @ SonnieJohnson will ask @ jcarney on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 . Also @ mboyle1 on Ryan replacement ; @ kenklukowski on Booker v. Pompeo ; @ joelpollak on # HolocaustMemorialDay📞866-95-PATRIOT
https : //t.co/7U7awLlV5I
https : //t.co/vP1nFRN6qe
https : //t.co/gwlaMTLC4d
https : //t.co/90ylDrjp7F
https : //t.co/eSAHf8ddxT
https : //t.co/UZr6mBlQMP
How can DRUMPF ever recover ? ? https : //t.co/STZXxkw19e
https : //t.co/mMNlYcnNER
`` He is a really classic conservative , and this party is the party of Trump now . People like me who are old-school conservatives , we ’ re really on our way out . and it makes me really sad . '' https : //t.co/0e929ry0KG
https : //t.co/Bio9ZhOc9A
https : //t.co/DCL2MNtkNn
RT @ kristina_wong : A day after DOJ gave Gowdy and Nunes access to the document that began the Trump-Russia investigation ... https : //t.co/6g…
`` State and federal educational databases provide countless opportunities for private companies exploiting public schoolchildren subjected to annual assessments , which exploded after adoption of the tech-industry-supported Common Core 'standards . ' ” https : //t.co/8Vq33eywWY
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ SebGorka on @ BreitbartNews Daily on the President 's potential actions in Syria . # SiriusXMPatriot https : //t.co/jpj5Wx…
https : //t.co/d7znF3UwXM
https : //t.co/aJ8ufWcZHS
The state of modern liberalism : https : //t.co/fTEZBcweEA
https : //t.co/WERKBZvWDx
https : //t.co/hMC1xNagzB
https : //t.co/aUQkQbh8D0
https : //t.co/FFwgigiIf1
https : //t.co/UknPUQjqZm
https : //t.co/64fcOvlfpQ
https : //t.co/5NGc2VMvWY
https : //t.co/w7ORwbKMh9
https : //t.co/6p5Odhii6r
https : //t.co/y6bYinJpiZ
Live by the microaggression ... https : //t.co/7bsp4nkC8F
New store product ! Check out this limited edition , MAGA top-grain cowhide bi-fold wallet . https : //t.co/QB0YkfKmD5
https : //t.co/oZcdbiTpek
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/XoxuCNC34U
Huh . https : //t.co/uWekG6yHia
https : //t.co/ylHOgzlGmt
https : //t.co/3ez5PLIzol
https : //t.co/jAtsx4Luvm
https : //t.co/ixZ7plWsCc
https : //t.co/VkrnM2uGfo
😭😭😭 https : //t.co/Mg3Qowtas3
https : //t.co/LwDRHDNQ9m
`` No one , not even the president , can exploit the attorney-client privilege to engage in crime or fraud . '' https : //t.co/ZzAGf7vVXu
https : //t.co/fwg3Ea4Pi4
Oooooh . https : //t.co/XHsNeFkeb5
https : //t.co/J4XVRV6IHJ
https : //t.co/UoKGQVhXVe
https : //t.co/KzGPoEKAJZ
https : //t.co/vZjJqcMMGk
https : //t.co/MYb6w3UFGA
https : //t.co/YIjqxxdcsO
https : //t.co/6xfEIJlkWh
🔨🔨🔨🔨🔨 https : //t.co/xXoehEhzCc
https : //t.co/zbqg5bVrnz
Her first smart move ever ? https : //t.co/4g4Xf1qxHT
https : //t.co/1RPL72nCXI
https : //t.co/mbUGYT2NyA
. @ AnnCoulter : `` Journalists and politicians love to give us archetypes : the DACA soldier , the DACA valedictorian , the DACA grandmother . But there are so many other roles they fill ! '' https : //t.co/tElBFIP0Xs
https : //t.co/vuyaLgGlW7
https : //t.co/yIsaPvWD9H
https : //t.co/sqZLlvk1Bz
https : //t.co/eFef37kviT
RT @ joelpollak : Notably , amidst the ongoing controversy about Poland 's new Holocaust law , the # MarchoftheLiving paid special tribute to Pol…
https : //t.co/Y2FKqqT2tA
https : //t.co/Bj1K5mBz4s
RT @ charliespiering : - @ BreitbartNews reporter @ MichelleDiana asks about conservatives having a voice on Facebook at today 's press briefing…
https : //t.co/fDC4IQarUi
https : //t.co/7F0VLHbhnX
`` He is a really classic conservative , and this party is the party of Trump now . People like me who are old-school conservatives , we ’ re really on our way out . and it makes me really sad . '' https : //t.co/cTVlmKQzpz
https : //t.co/1nYrVGRiXQ
https : //t.co/rLcab8CuAx
https : //t.co/pS0UN7PGvZ
https : //t.co/XFO1eZ8J0o
https : //t.co/EUDcXwXQlt
RT @ charliespiering : “ Mr . Zuckerberger ” https : //t.co/QdDyGBzP9x
https : //t.co/rmpEUoG9G6
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Rep. Clarke , a Democrat , attacks Zuck over Obama 's collection of data on `` millions of users . ''

Zuck 's assurance that…
https : //t.co/bdVLfoWjGb
Lol https : //t.co/DIoJWUbNae
https : //t.co/jhP6zbNV2J
Oooooh . https : //t.co/F7xcHNVvK3
https : //t.co/DIei7YkAdh
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ SteveScalise to # Zuckerberg : was there a directive to put a bias in FB 's algorithm against conservative news and cont…
https : //t.co/GUAuxuGVSW
RT @ LibertarianBlue : WEW .

Scalise presses Zuckerberg on @ cld276 's claim that Facebook gave the Obama campaign special favors in 2012 .

Z…
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ MarshaBlackburn to # Zuckerberg : `` Do you manipulate algorithms to prioritize or censor speech ? ''

Zuck : “ We do n't think…
`` I have no regrets whatsoever '' https : //t.co/W1xOQPV6ZR
https : //t.co/ixweXiNtLM
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Rep. Upton says a constituent running for state senate was censored on Facebook when he announced his campaign because…
RT @ LibertarianBlue : First time hearing Rep . Rush - he 's talking about COINTELPRO and comparing it to Facebook and I instantly like him .

N…
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Rep. Barton presses Zuckerberg on Diamond and Silk .

Zuck says his team made an `` enforcement error '' and that Facebook…
https : //t.co/7VADF7iEmM
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Rep. Walden asks if Facebook is a media company , highlighting that they 're buying broadcasting rights .

Zuck disagrees…
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Now : Rep. Walden says Facebook allows people to send money to each other . `` Is Facebook a financial institution ? ''

Zuck…
https : //t.co/E7US8rsOR4
https : //t.co/UgcPeBdw1c
https : //t.co/fGLtRLplUV
https : //t.co/nF3XWrDeSh
https : //t.co/QfzLZZvTub
https : //t.co/KuVhaaW5jZ
Her first smart move ever ? https : //t.co/kcqxdK4jvl
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : Former VP candidate @ SarahPalinUSA joins `` Breitbart News Tonight '' with @ RAMansour to break down the testimony of # Mark…
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ RAMansour of `` Breitbart News Tonight '' gets @ SarahPalinUSA opinion on why she believes the United States should be ca…
https : //t.co/d0DDnZuoJS
https : //t.co/jic7OD4gpB
https : //t.co/uU9lHYEEmJ
🔨🔨🔨🔨🔨 https : //t.co/7DE8wUHLQr
https : //t.co/YLdgJAj0GX
Zuckerberg tells Congress : `` I agree that we ’ re responsible for the content '' on Facebook . https : //t.co/voa691JeMQ
https : //t.co/DOcYEg0CGy
https : //t.co/iiXousNOu0
https : //t.co/H8eA70q78L
https : //t.co/HqlTpc3OWM
https : //t.co/9nVUfREtwI
https : //t.co/6ytbtLZPMK
Obvious axe grinding is obvious . https : //t.co/P6RvY31Zum
`` I want to make a point here…and it will destroy a 30-year friendship ... The entire department ’ s out of control now . '' https : //t.co/zgHstgP7rv
Oh baby . https : //t.co/wc1YGZGp8B
`` It was really , really surprising to see the amount of hate that I got . '' https : //t.co/KDRiKgCdI3
https : //t.co/njToZmKQlD
RT @ BreitbartNews : https : //t.co/yeDpGb0W3j
https : //t.co/sHUjzaba5j
https : //t.co/CZA5ta670N
https : //t.co/6OqwBnBfsO
https : //t.co/DMI40p0oq9
https : //t.co/6K3V6cqC5b
LION TED https : //t.co/WSzMC97cku
https : //t.co/ipVsyGZQkV
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Ben Sasse asks Zuck to define hate speech .

Zuck : `` That ’ s a really hard question ''

# ZuckHearing # Zuckerberg
RT @ SonnieJohnson : This hearing is a joke . # Zuckerberg is going to laugh all the way back to the hotel he wo n't mention ...
https : //t.co/M46rjPj2gg
RT @ RaheemKassam : Zuckerberg vindicates grandparents worldwide by calling it “ the Facebook ” .
https : //t.co/mPqfUXkkjQ
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : ZUCC JUST GOT ZODIACC 'D
RT @ charliespiering : Cruz mentions Facebook blocking Diamond and Silk
RT @ LibertarianBlue : AT LAST , THE ONE SENATOR WHO GETS IT .

Ted Cruz : `` Does Facebook consider itself a neutral public forum ? ''

# ZuckHearing…
https : //t.co/XZ3MQusfMf
Let 's see how this is all playing on cable ne- https : //t.co/xCkm8GDr6L
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Durbin to # Zuckberg : what hotel did you stay at last night ?

Zuck ( nervously ) said he did n't feel comfortable to share.…
https : //t.co/mYshtM0JyJ
RT @ charliespiering : “ It certainly doesn ’ t feel like that to me ” says Zuckerberg when asked by Sen. Graham asks if Facebook is a monopoly
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : # Zuckerberg ca n't name his biggest competitor
RT @ kristina_wong : Zuckerberg says Facebook is working with Mueller . Not sure if they were subpoenaed or not .
https : //t.co/yeDpGb0W3j
https : //t.co/vM6rSgtkLT
https : //t.co/ly6nnEdXD2
Jim Watson/AFP via Getty https : //t.co/pN6iWIKtWC
https : //t.co/JusNR64oMf
RT @ LibertarianBlue : `` How will you proactively stop harmful conduct ''
Right off the bat , the REPUBLICAN senate commerce chairman suggests Z…
RT @ MrNashington : *beep boop boop beep* https : //t.co/6QXUoZkq6h
RT @ kristina_wong : All alone at the dais . # Zuckerberg https : //t.co/xgxsWXcKYm
We ready ? https : //t.co/ySUz9pSCAJ
https : //t.co/rA42lR3TBP
. @ NolteNC : “ Nothing would make me happier than to go back to the Norman Lear era when everyone was fair game , when there were no sacred cows . That era was not only funnier and smarter , it helped bring us together. “ https : //t.co/eMkDfC4uXv
https : //t.co/6gGK2C0o3O
https : //t.co/alv0FCXP20
https : //t.co/ZO5QQM1imF
https : //t.co/awln3xzcJV
RT @ JunkScience : Facebook or 1984 ? ... former Obama intern is head of “ Data Science for Social Good . ”

https : //t.co/OX10CVMmoe via @ Breitba…
https : //t.co/CalyOUC7C7
https : //t.co/uMq7SFZv7h
https : //t.co/UxrbhGpxyU
https : //t.co/d1XrdvhjCO
`` It was really , really surprising to see the amount of hate that I got . '' https : //t.co/3XERkce4fS
Ominous ! https : //t.co/H0yceQdkp8
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
! ! ! https : //t.co/lZ7rjHHK60
https : //t.co/SzWV5K3Lkk
https : //t.co/Eo60ojRpRH
“ The media has not focused on the fact that his administration has advanced the most pro-life policies since Roe v. Wade and is working hard to restore religious freedom that was systematically attacked by the previous administration. ” https : //t.co/wdozjP7APy
`` Provocative '' https : //t.co/PesvOjbIjW
Pro tip : What the church must do =/= what the nation-state must do . https : //t.co/GHak6PTQWu
Facebook would like to convince the public that they aren ’ t taking any sides , that a news source can be `` quality '' whether it ’ s aligned with the left or the right . But the results of Facebook ’ s new approach ... show that the platform has indeed taken sides . https : //t.co/BDBGsPOf91
wut https : //t.co/CCDiHSQReZ
Oh baby . https : //t.co/11iescRWgI
弱点 https : //t.co/hUg2RQs3mA
https : //t.co/goKZ8k9vG1
https : //t.co/hNVLUkKMSl
https : //t.co/Ux3h5vZtox
https : //t.co/fIkjNNBQLS
https : //t.co/Vx2a9On4ph
https : //t.co/qoGDvaYnBY
https : //t.co/Vkielf1VcR
https : //t.co/jLwWyM4ryM
https : //t.co/9q6aVn0DlL
`` I want to make a point here…and it will destroy a 30-year friendship ... The entire department ’ s out of control now . '' https : //t.co/jx7K2G8SRy
Exodus . https : //t.co/aHGvMSfx5I
https : //t.co/LU3BhmlL7S
Oh ? https : //t.co/D8nlaLrWzd
https : //t.co/1v8U6Ry70y
https : //t.co/1W2os3833x
https : //t.co/IEJwwZr4EL
Honest mistake . https : //t.co/sOzfCrjAwO
RT @ joelpollak : Pollak : The Search for My Great-Grandfather 's Grave | Breitbart https : //t.co/AqbNkzprji via @ BreitbartNews
So deplorable ! https : //t.co/ADFyWD4dD8
https : //t.co/CZWSzMpwvo
The tortoise lays on its back , its belly baking in the hot sun , beating its legs trying to turn itself over , but it ca n't . Not without your help . But you 're not helping . https : //t.co/wcAPIwjv3G
RT @ ben_kew : He described the situation down there as `` heartbreaking '' https : //t.co/QR8Wfbm2Rd
https : //t.co/GFXrmXorBl
https : //t.co/FNLIfL9OLg
https : //t.co/wHV9pLnBc7
https : //t.co/E9jGa4RzCs
Whatever you need to tell yourself at night . https : //t.co/TMH5r89J4r
https : //t.co/gkcFK9YQaW
“ It ’ s not good for the taxpayer or warfighter , but it ’ s easier for them to simply pick one [ contractor ] and be done with it and then , go leave and move on from it all — let their successors deal with the aftermath. ” https : //t.co/iX3JnECtPH
https : //t.co/mlgFrF65Kj
https : //t.co/hH3rHd1QYx
https : //t.co/XchJTXswGE
Sure . https : //t.co/aApaa0uegS
https : //t.co/veQHbqMFeE
Sign of the times . https : //t.co/XesirtXVNF
https : //t.co/hrGhCEkFfj
https : //t.co/oKj4dJ5HXB
https : //t.co/pqUFGxKrfl
same https : //t.co/qJR3ijqYYv
https : //t.co/ijr5RBE6E9
https : //t.co/MuXRd1G0FF
https : //t.co/V0TzbrSA5u
So deplorable ! https : //t.co/gifMb8R8Zj
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/kxt856e7Nq
https : //t.co/Q8bq5JeQ9q
? ? ? https : //t.co/ntZ2QwOLJv
https : //t.co/N7R5nMBLYC
https : //t.co/G9vVUszDwC
https : //t.co/lkbd89wZh4
https : //t.co/J3vZyHx2lV
Exodus . https : //t.co/JKE8nZ80rG
RT @ kristina_wong : Michael Anton ( Pushed ) Out at the National Security Council , Days After McMaster 's Departure https : //t.co/6sXQWdL3UM via…
https : //t.co/7bFqSdQ1S3
https : //t.co/dzRRtBBtPR
https : //t.co/WmBgtct7HE
https : //t.co/rGVg4o9q9D
https : //t.co/4w3ZOr7i7d
https : //t.co/QBeKeYUAWP
https : //t.co/GKuzHewONK
Big scoop from AP : https : //t.co/U9J46N9Ywx
https : //t.co/6lPBHeM7Zr
https : //t.co/GRvht9afAv
https : //t.co/tplbrxNdTt
Pro-2nd Amendment student organizes # MarchForOurGuns , FB cracks down on @ DiamondandSilk , Dozens suffocate in alleged Syrian gas attack 👉 # BreitbartNewsSunday on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 w/ @ mboyle1 & amp ; @ AmandaLeeHouse . Guests : @ fredbcampelljr @ GrecianFormula @ markharris2014 & amp ; more !
https : //t.co/ePauAJwppp
https : //t.co/Wyx6R7cDHV
https : //t.co/W1Vrrr4Qij
https : //t.co/34BYcIEVct
https : //t.co/5UYZr2oz4r
https : //t.co/DdNzcnqUHK
https : //t.co/vy4sr6iIak
https : //t.co/QmHof2rByo
. @ JamesDelingpole to @ jack : `` I ’ m sure all those conservatives concerned about Twitter ’ s censorship of right-wing opinion will feel so much better knowing that you think of them as an enemy quite beyond the pale of civilized discourse . '' https : //t.co/VfKbOG3zDv
🙄 https : //t.co/KM87kxQN46
https : //t.co/kp9mHNUd3v
https : //t.co/hqPrQjZKxI
“ Everybody in this administration has been talking to Russia . Are you kidding ? ” https : //t.co/PrEJ6F9lHJ
https : //t.co/maLGSDgIWQ
https : //t.co/5LGefiXYky
https : //t.co/xouvP4Cfzv
https : //t.co/fA6cylVZUb
https : //t.co/dtS07Pdf7d
https : //t.co/KCE0A8K6yz
https : //t.co/kdF2OLdaeM
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/OXep2IwTPY
https : //t.co/oxPqkx5Akp
Palestinian ruling party right here : https : //t.co/NrzDCk3q8j
Re : Obama admin political spying -- “ I think that if he does not turn over the documents , that there are a growing number of us on Capitol Hill who believe that someone else needs to do the job . ''
https : //t.co/Cy6yOdEaRF
https : //t.co/ckOEWIn87i
https : //t.co/emwijxPuBH
https : //t.co/a0MQkCpDUc
https : //t.co/UMEPVhE7yt
https : //t.co/LSdSjOVuUV
https : //t.co/WjKM6TW52a
https : //t.co/zBLUAjZA92
https : //t.co/7NGm4JIVsS
Perspective . https : //t.co/Ppi8uBLZ8q
https : //t.co/EYuj5GFrp6
https : //t.co/KWGtGpduZf
https : //t.co/CSPFv6ylNx
“ We ’ re being pushed back on by states that defy federal law , so the path towards a civil conflict is being drawn now by states like California. ” https : //t.co/ONnYfJ4wfw
“ This action will increase the certainty of detection and apprehension. ” https : //t.co/E4lEBkuSuW
https : //t.co/KprJyjfFb2
https : //t.co/EFBkXMrT9T
https : //t.co/s41w3axmAs
https : //t.co/cQDqiuu3AM
https : //t.co/qnAMZpBPBb
🙄 https : //t.co/57kj0ROLWA
https : //t.co/2ThA3hO1eK
`` The vast majority of laws in this country are not made by lawmakers . They ’ re made by a fourth branch that doesn ’ t even exist in the United States Constitution — the administrative state . You got a guy at the EPA who is trying to control what is going on . '' https : //t.co/jx20lJDn8z
https : //t.co/fVlbUbnjUO
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/RU0rH3DFlr
https : //t.co/qswRc6rO8z
https : //t.co/HQGyZnPLTv
https : //t.co/KUBviQRZAb
https : //t.co/XgaML8eoWl
https : //t.co/M76LHR6cVJ
https : //t.co/jS6caxKjJf
https : //t.co/w5aBtnkki1
https : //t.co/L2Lwy7Hk9p
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
“ Everybody in this administration has been talking to Russia . Are you kidding ? ” https : //t.co/TFP2oFdQbY
Thought crime ! https : //t.co/35yntBy3v2
Zuckerberg to Capitol Hill , National Guard to the border . Tune in to # BreitbartNewsSaturday on @ SiriusXMPatriot channel 125 w/ @ mboyle1 @ AmandaLeeHouse . # BigTech guests : @ RoslynLayton @ McDowellTweet . Also : # RNC co-chair @ Paduch @ RobertWasinger @ carney @ IP_Mason 📞 866-95-PATRIOT
https : //t.co/1x5XcwDZ2G
https : //t.co/cpUwo63J1A
https : //t.co/vbBKMOF7Fk
& gt ; Punching down
& gt ; Mad On Air
& gt ; Sexual misread of a stock Boomer insult
This town needs a better class of comic . https : //t.co/G3ncCOMGkX
https : //t.co/sSXVzRVNQa
https : //t.co/VOGj6U6bUw
https : //t.co/CIqPI05NT4
Same . https : //t.co/BDcN5nPMTZ
https : //t.co/KxU95N87Ia
Farmers targeted by China tariffs . We ’ ll talk to @ SteveKingIA on # BreitbartNewsTonight @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 with @ RAMansour & amp ; @ francesmartel Also : @ VDHanson on # BigTech . Give us a call 📞 866-95-PATRIOT 🇺🇸
https : //t.co/Ab3f3Z8iLC
https : //t.co/XfRPNhgefg
https : //t.co/WLmeGyywAZ
https : //t.co/4nA4Mrzfeb
https : //t.co/rtSHkIugPq
https : //t.co/8jibT2jktt
Found the bearwhale https : //t.co/1Yj4vHcKfZ
https : //t.co/0NtvdPWzpG
https : //t.co/4aQLD3g2mj
Lolnope https : //t.co/hGIBw4psWQ
Thread on rape stats and illegal migration across U.S. southern border 👇 https : //t.co/cJBtXf5bFh
🤔 https : //t.co/eXDeXGTvHe
https : //t.co/b9XxyafMI3
What year is it ? https : //t.co/dBLw6yuvnQ
https : //t.co/Tg4ub7UU5L
https : //t.co/fJee7glllQ
https : //t.co/Qaovwoh9JJ
https : //t.co/IfGoIdIevO
https : //t.co/A3FG1FWPqe
https : //t.co/w4AS68aAc5
https : //t.co/73U8AwjsA0
https : //t.co/paDkglQBny
https : //t.co/DqDRtw6jqh
https : //t.co/aNUNbzJ3DC
AP headline : https : //t.co/4W5qbIXFK2
RT @ RobManess : ICYMI : my @ BreitbartNews radio interview talking # FreeOurInternet . https : //t.co/9sPHbcSQMQ
& gt ; Punching down
& gt ; Mad On Air
& gt ; Sexual misread of a stock Boomer insult
This town needs a better class of comic . https : //t.co/Z3Mjfqddiy
https : //t.co/yAjS8DhEfP
https : //t.co/YzfAf7Ya4Y
. @ NolteNC : `` Williamson was shown the door even after using his introduction essay to prove his fealty to his new masters by trashing his former employer '' National Review . https : //t.co/trBx7huXw0
https : //t.co/ObQGiBEVd8
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/2n5lcxGpZx
https : //t.co/3j9WCjSKdo
https : //t.co/w0wHH2lw8m
https : //t.co/tonDcOB93H
https : //t.co/G75aZ382Uf
https : //t.co/sqWv0qWqI3
https : //t.co/aY0pRrv4g4
https : //t.co/3tiFgYg3Jq
https : //t.co/95l3r1ZPWW
`` As damaging as a trade war may be ... the worst possible outcome would be to surrender . If the Trump administration backs down under pressure from domestic interests , China will know that it can take advantage of us even more aggressively in future . '' https : //t.co/4OVekyCo6X
https : //t.co/mzDASfTqJa
https : //t.co/AeMZc6FMf0
`` Chappaquiddick is a tale of how the rich and powerful can get away with anything , working through lawyers who cut deals , politicos who manipulate public perception , and managing coverage through the establishment media . '' https : //t.co/Aa2i6AlABs
Banter ? https : //t.co/iQ31ApteJB
https : //t.co/BK9EOzJ6Dt
https : //t.co/McIP8VoJj1
https : //t.co/TvybvrFFpk
“ 10 percent could be shifted — that ’ s a lot of votes , with no one knowing that they ’ ve done this. ” https : //t.co/wkdYqyvsbR
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Two of the four protesters outside the @ BreitbartNews # BigTechExposed event : “ Breitbart is Nazis , Nazis are bad , Breitb…
https : //t.co/HcFFdboo2n
https : //t.co/twNMQbVtn2
Standing room only # BigTechExposed https : //t.co/MJgTlBYQ9V
LIVE UPDATES # BigTechExposed https : //t.co/NTsFBXfKJZ
https : //t.co/9BatOvz8V0
Is the “ Chappaquiddick ” film political # MeToo ? Was Ted Kennedy a murderer ? We ’ ll ask @ ChapquiddickMov producer on # BreitbartNewsTonight @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 with @ RAMansour & amp ; @ courrielche . Also : # BigTechExposed panel ; @ BrandonDarby on border militarization . 📞 866-95-PATRIOT
https : //t.co/gnvpyU8n5j
Trigg 'd https : //t.co/9wrjJYP6Kr
Packed house ! # BigTechExposed https : //t.co/r1TedyalUs
Starting soon ! # BigTechExposed 🍿👀👉 https : //t.co/TcHJabe2FQ https : //t.co/QPal5PsOMY
https : //t.co/MTeldCwHsW
https : //t.co/fy9IgdbEML
`` He has become , outside of Trump , the single biggest target of the American left . ''
https : //t.co/rbpnRJz98x
Lástima 😢
Tan triste 😭 https : //t.co/btymrC5Sps
https : //t.co/VuxjZQ0av6
`` Their rhetoric is not asylum rhetoric . Their rhetoric is economic migrant rhetoric . '' https : //t.co/Afa2eKazwq
https : //t.co/lm0r5Aqa7V
https : //t.co/F0jGN7OpJY
https : //t.co/GyBgGW9AIh
https : //t.co/TB7Ave7vy2
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Zuckerberg : 'Three-Year Project ' to 'Fix ' Elections , Fake News , Misinformation - Just in Time for 2020 | Breitbart htt…
https : //t.co/yCScIrYTfW
https : //t.co/Ft9FIR1LKW
https : //t.co/cCkIEl5OSO
https : //t.co/0ITtKQ0KiE
Trigg 'd https : //t.co/Czrgf3chci
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : A glimpse at @ BreitbartNews today ... Tune in to our `` Masters of the Universe '' Town Hall tonight : Big Tech vs. Free Spee…
https : //t.co/llpcFhAn3Z
https : //t.co/xwRrfTGwus
https : //t.co/GJEVN2Zyc5
https : //t.co/snP488dxxb
https : //t.co/pl49nMpEOv
https : //t.co/6Rf4e1HTJ5
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/dGtkCwoXrS
https : //t.co/V9sNVeA9Cz
https : //t.co/YAaEAT9aUK
https : //t.co/qhTNAL7rVY
https : //t.co/r98nqSScLO
https : //t.co/lwqoj2QXnU
https : //t.co/IAIBIpnIKE
https : //t.co/KZkPfCaZPw
RT @ SebGorka : Back on @ BreitbartNews radio with @ AlexMarlow .
Tune in !
8amET
@ SiriusXMPatriot https : //t.co/GZH2XWxCTR
https : //t.co/zD1JgClK78
RT @ RobManess : About to go on @ BreitbartNews talking tonight '' s first-ever Master 's of the Universe town hall in New Orleans to # FreeOurInte…
Chinese lawyer Wang Quanzhang disappeared in August 2015 after he “ took on sensitive cases of complaints of police torture and defended practitioners of the banned Falun Gong spiritual movement. ” https : //t.co/MiiOQirxmj
https : //t.co/UuKwZ6vl7w
https : //t.co/kclkZX1zlU
https : //t.co/yWmsw7XJqZ
https : //t.co/b55LBVwE7q
https : //t.co/IppeRTg9RQ
https : //t.co/tMWO6ByhPm
https : //t.co/meYtWePiS2
https : //t.co/EuNVT2pu95
https : //t.co/xpuRSoaQMh
Will troops on the border stop migrant caravans ? Can Trump build the wall w/o Congress ? We ’ ll ask @ RoyBeck_NUSA on # BreitbartNewsTonight on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 w/ @ RAMansour @ joelpollak . Also @ LimitGovt on China v. Trump & amp ; @ AWRHawkins on CA gun control fail . 📞 866-95-PATRIOT
RT @ AnnCoulter : “ We want the state of Israel to remain a Jewish state . And this means sticking to the right migration policy. ” - Israel leg…
RT @ DailyCaller : Sinclair Producer Who Resigned To Protest ‘ Obvious Bias ’ Turns Out To Be A Left-Wing Activist [ VIDEO ] https : //t.co/Q32AaTv…
https : //t.co/WPh7v3zeCD
https : //t.co/2OtTIhFUIt
https : //t.co/0U4x7WNh01
https : //t.co/o8uS4n5lq2
Wordsmithing . https : //t.co/RF2GO2Z938
https : //t.co/heKK1H8VAT
Soy : Not even once . https : //t.co/UpGs7hkWpU
https : //t.co/FFqakw2ENm
A Facebook Messenger spokeswoman said that the monitoring tools ( including image analysis ) are in place to prevent abusive behavior from taking place on the platform . https : //t.co/a2yXGAJmo9
@ jenn_ruth Frankly shocked rn to see a prog reading past the headline
https : //t.co/AVLALAYhbZ
. @ AnnCoulter : `` Very recently , a presidential candidate who seemed to actually care about America ’ s working class denounced illegal immigration as 'a Koch brothers ' idea . That was Bernie Sanders . '' https : //t.co/TUPzKZbSfr
It 's a start . https : //t.co/qsAMQDuhwp
https : //t.co/plZbAsQ7p7
https : //t.co/cjP9i8KeCQ
RT @ brandondarby : Though most who cross are decent people wanting a better life , this part of the reality needs to be known as well . https : …
https : //t.co/pMhwngGCVt
https : //t.co/DLcNSPjAhT
https : //t.co/wn40I86iix
https : //t.co/VMdXtTqBCj
https : //t.co/eqZALWZhVR
https : //t.co/bJW2LSGpr7
. @ JamesDelingpole : `` I , too , am prone to deranged outbursts when I get hangry – a problem to which vegans , on their weird monastic diet , must surely be more susceptible than most . '' https : //t.co/uS28VEMS8s
https : //t.co/RXMbK6620C
Irony overload . https : //t.co/Ia2rFnRzd1
https : //t.co/C6pDUFwwLd
https : //t.co/aCGg904Dq6
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
https : //t.co/UpyAQMacNK
https : //t.co/DbNXFqElun
https : //t.co/2mGF2eTlrk
https : //t.co/Cd76bi0yTl
https : //t.co/RNu06GPUjH
https : //t.co/l8rEOLtMCs
RT @ IngrahamAngle : MyPillow Ignores Liberal Outrage , Refuses to Pull Ads from Laura Ingraham 's Fox News Show https : //t.co/zFvZld4n8l via @ B…
https : //t.co/OhJnnzLDIb
https : //t.co/hdEQuVW8hl
https : //t.co/oLAyJGpPq4
https : //t.co/v5eRMeLkhO
https : //t.co/YVwaU1mEqC
me👹irl https : //t.co/CNxi0SCTAk
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ SecretaryCarson on illegal aliens : HUD is `` going to cooperate very much with the Justice Department '' ... `` We want to…
https : //t.co/hvgEbfeKnD
https : //t.co/VXbX55peEu
https : //t.co/K7G1wpQJKJ
https : //t.co/4cnWoBOIz2
https : //t.co/UQyQtloHtA
https : //t.co/tWsyh8w8HP
https : //t.co/EnjrR8m9ew
🧠🈳 https : //t.co/6rjYjZyKfM
https : //t.co/ucC8IFPiT8
A very informative pop-up from our friends at Facebook .

`` Show more information about this article ''
`` More information ''
`` This article '' https : //t.co/S5o6fb5fSs
Lol https : //t.co/mnv0vHccu5
The ordinance warns that stock “ assault weapons ” are “ customizable to become even more dangerous weapons of mass casualties and destruction. ” https : //t.co/jQoZfbWEjq
https : //t.co/Fq2oIVmTH4
https : //t.co/nK2mE7eTHg
https : //t.co/B37ugCmqvV
https : //t.co/kcBS0VvraR
https : //t.co/OuA5IpiKtI
https : //t.co/972x6eFw1v
Live updates on the YouTube HQ shooting : https : //t.co/8erm4wueN9
https : //t.co/mopd8Tgw8S
https : //t.co/sYOt1D3J8k
https : //t.co/MbJqWTPb6O
https : //t.co/UUS2DhUlRv
https : //t.co/Wcpmybq4vN
https : //t.co/Xl6TTQVR1g
https : //t.co/RdMPGJZbrj
https : //t.co/485S7y00Zc
https : //t.co/4d1oAJsZVU
https : //t.co/VVCCumj1dg
RT @ BreitbartTech : Mark Zuckerberg Proposes Facebook ‘ Supreme Court ’ to Rule on ‘ Hate Speech ’ .
via @ lucasnolan_
https : //t.co/dJNOz3Xllw htt…
https : //t.co/WY8xyzAStD
https : //t.co/6cK0E5k3cj
`` The influx is causing agents to be taken off the front line to assist with processing the families and unaccompanied minors . This leads to gaps in security and not enough agents to back each other up in the field. ” https : //t.co/l0IoGeIgEA
https : //t.co/IBbk9HhQRu
https : //t.co/VZOU8qe7Gt
The most 2018 headline yet ? https : //t.co/e6HzP6uenZ
RT @ gehrig38 : Six Myths About the Legendary AR-15 https : //t.co/fGDgz3l9NS via @ BreitbartNews i know facts bother folks but here they are . T…
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Di2ytL
https : //t.co/HJXCsti91s
https : //t.co/BRP87UvTiJ
https : //t.co/9P4deJGMJh
True socialism has never been tried . https : //t.co/UjU8S3MxSi
https : //t.co/z26Z6dMsOa
https : //t.co/KQNZDxBXDL
https : //t.co/oCjwjE0Itu
https : //t.co/3ErDcRJ1AT
RT @ tdwilliamsrome : UN Easter Message : Migration Is ‘ Inevitable – Desirable – Necessary ’ https : //t.co/1XLrEwVcE5 via @ BreitbartNews
https : //t.co/9IpTTee42l
https : //t.co/JMJa4Ak2xo
https : //t.co/X6QJdLJ0MB
https : //t.co/qZll7hQduv
https : //t.co/8BrvNykm15
https : //t.co/SRkswLF3zd
https : //t.co/NX7uyHUfFU
https : //t.co/RnAyd0qC39
What ’ s Congress doing about the Central American migrant caravan heading for our border ? We ’ ll ask @ RepGosar on # BreitbartNewsTonight on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch 125 . Also : @ brandondarby ; @ GordonGChang on China ’ s retaliation ; @ jcarney on Zuckerberg ’ s media plan . Call 866-95-PATRIOT . https : //t.co/3K8XHgSDcN
me_irl https : //t.co/fZQq7zyXBm
https : //t.co/qqXX8GRPFt
https : //t.co/epBc3hVaaR
https : //t.co/rjPSzmg8LW
Out : Do n't talk to strangers !
In : Pay us money so strangers can listen in on your home . https : //t.co/tLeYGq5u5Y
https : //t.co/7YFPzcxWk8
https : //t.co/iuhM45UFIm
https : //t.co/oWV8YpRkGN
https : //t.co/kSKH942XQE
https : //t.co/GW0WXfVBsg
& gt ; Tim Cook is wrong about making customers pay for a product rather than selling ads to them
& gt ; We 're going to use Facebook to push paywalled news sites because they 're more trustworthy
🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
https : //t.co/0XPRytRzsQ
https : //t.co/radZpFi86F
https : //t.co/a7gG1AbXQT
https : //t.co/C7KUVsddaq
https : //t.co/7feFP6x1QA
https : //t.co/6IqVRDC9d0
RT @ BreitbartVideo : Sanders : 'Incredibly Sad ' Democrats Want to 'Use DACA Recipients as Political Pawns ' https : //t.co/OJLH2Tune7 by @ pamke…
https : //t.co/J2AKzwCRl5
https : //t.co/A9gDi9lNlN
https : //t.co/3E851pocjV
https : //t.co/NCjEMyaRMc
https : //t.co/mSrgmKOouG
`` Right now , if you post something on Facebook and someone reports it and our Community Operations and Review Team looks at it and decides that it needs to get taken down , there ’ s not really a way to appeal that . '' https : //t.co/Kb1bQl3nyl
https : //t.co/kTQWOEgpxe
https : //t.co/Uzfte70Fsw
https : //t.co/ziUwSQhq04
https : //t.co/OjulgEuBRh
https : //t.co/NnpDTJrtrJ
https : //t.co/v3lISsuGfT
https : //t.co/4nWvNndGsc
https : //t.co/dDBtDPA6Xf
https : //t.co/wWRUgKlFw1
Follow us on Instagram : https : //t.co/GAD7Dik9Sl
The head of the Arcata-based Seventh Generation Fund for Indigenous People called McKinley a proponent of “ settler colonialism ” that “ savaged , raped , and killed. ” https : //t.co/twIewdiqFb
https : //t.co/DHufmkn61K
https : //t.co/oxyTpQdfTy
https : //t.co/ViplLF5ZGO
RT @ kristina_wong : From my recent travels :

# China Building Goodwill in # Pakistan , as U.S.-Pakistan Relationship Sours https : //t.co/RoticF…
https : //t.co/S0YVBdV4TT
https : //t.co/vT0k7oH2Y7
https : //t.co/EA95hScOZs
They will eventually go both ways ... https : //t.co/16pbAO7DqK
https : //t.co/TjUci9YJVy
https : //t.co/iX0tPhPEt7
https : //t.co/a8S797EXE4
https : //t.co/BQaHlUYN0d
https : //t.co/3hyU3oieAN
https : //t.co/l5g39UZNsW
https : //t.co/oZer7vIITM
https : //t.co/620H5g6Pb1
https : //t.co/XuZkcPYLFu
https : //t.co/hiw8eNKkl7
`` Let us call this what it is — un-American McCarthyism , a partisan witch hunt in which the establishment media is an active participant and cheerleader . '' https : //t.co/QXIw8vZtqE
Prolific . https : //t.co/nRNz7HFHCv
https : //t.co/FDmvz28S3k
https : //t.co/wCgd08U2zi
https : //t.co/X9f7ZqwMFG
https : //t.co/Ljq8pAIynL
https : //t.co/aByBtHisyC
https : //t.co/wU41bSmRmB
https : //t.co/CqvaWJJk1f
https : //t.co/mceoMG06CX
https : //t.co/tpzEYPWa8B
https : //t.co/U3XVMSlKGl
https : //t.co/0DQUcmKIrg
https : //t.co/tGsMRZxmYt
https : //t.co/7rKmJX2qlx
https : //t.co/sSNzd5yMxv
Christians do not say that even if the resurrection never happened that it is all worth it because of the value of Jesus ’ s moral teaching and example . Paul wrote , “ If Christ has not been raised , then our preaching is in vain and your faith is in vain . '' https : //t.co/MAikAK8fUi
https : //t.co/Vg5f3oUHPJ
https : //t.co/Ot1uVfCKde
https : //t.co/aGDP7kcERD
https : //t.co/YtIh067rzy
https : //t.co/30wTcz2qw7
https : //t.co/xHYk05Etrx
https : //t.co/RGcqx8Cxpv
https : //t.co/ihOvhqgY5j
https : //t.co/QA4cDX0pYG
https : //t.co/6QbqmMOTV7
https : //t.co/QdC2PRXiTt
https : //t.co/Ud4uC4mUQf
https : //t.co/tYfZ7YyzBZ
https : //t.co/gmRfpHZgsM
https : //t.co/iE8eH8kcR3
https : //t.co/rWRpRj8woZ
https : //t.co/adqd7lzT0n
https : //t.co/pRpeNDsMZl
https : //t.co/obWwYKGiw5
https : //t.co/j9XsvLb56V
https : //t.co/hVMLUY4Srf
https : //t.co/msmrStdkcD
Prolific . https : //t.co/cC7T7fPKoO
https : //t.co/PE9OirU7tG
https : //t.co/k91TTRsMYY
Apology not accepted . https : //t.co/iHlwOmSPu0
https : //t.co/3GUURcMEK1
`` Let us call this what it is — un-American McCarthyism , a partisan witch hunt in which the establishment media is an active participant and cheerleader . '' https : //t.co/fSUSUI0Zen
https : //t.co/2wvwt7UPg9
https : //t.co/hFQGYWT1r2
https : //t.co/vYzuPmx0AZ
https : //t.co/fOTZEwv0fn
https : //t.co/DL7AXjzeph
https : //t.co/mjfxRuWIRl
https : //t.co/sFLo28oYA6
Same . https : //t.co/yXxzrVnr37
https : //t.co/x31bWhXr9Q
https : //t.co/GeB2BDIo6C
https : //t.co/wmSgfPTfVf
https : //t.co/gwQSx1M9n7
https : //t.co/37BdREqpvm
https : //t.co/yFXgu7gWYH
https : //t.co/eAXWsjPzIe
https : //t.co/x2wa8TMHf3
https : //t.co/9YBQRuRVs4
https : //t.co/t0dDd3FdNr
https : //t.co/vnJ4k2em1D
AP headline : https : //t.co/tL0wmZaKxz
Apology not accepted . https : //t.co/VQTws1zuuW
https : //t.co/wQKRZFBkiS
https : //t.co/gM6XhouJIY
https : //t.co/hSvFfglWq0
https : //t.co/P8y1opIqrn
https : //t.co/BmuhkthgOp
https : //t.co/Kq6eeV8qY3
https : //t.co/M0DggAOlNV
https : //t.co/f9RLWXVu2Z
https : //t.co/iMtxgxB3q5
https : //t.co/6lWrVbyVGX
https : //t.co/o9z6AErykU
https : //t.co/bHJxQ8zjYP
https : //t.co/oRuWxIrKgz
https : //t.co/TYaHJjXFdY
`` The Hamas terrorist organization meticulously planned today ’ s unrest , and they have been openly calling for a series of upcoming border clashes with Israel slated to peak next month during Israel ’ s Independence Day celebrations . '' https : //t.co/pVlu8njAdD
https : //t.co/nTpbnzgTCk
https : //t.co/v9knZzL3EN
https : //t.co/GrIM9il25c
https : //t.co/nkyTU1Q0uz
https : //t.co/UVdA9NxPoJ
https : //t.co/HVWtulM0bi
https : //t.co/vWZFqkz3fO
https : //t.co/kTZ8RzCOm4
https : //t.co/rpeX6yXoyS
https : //t.co/xmZu6rHfAf
https : //t.co/YzLWA7cEHc
A spokesman for Progressive refused to define the company 's standard for `` controversial programming '' when asked about its directive . https : //t.co/iyhXvkcywp
https : //t.co/I3vWvDzxMs
https : //t.co/oKswFxRPCy
https : //t.co/VM9khFeTzb
https : //t.co/BygIaNtfzV
https : //t.co/qvghH7GPPf
https : //t.co/lNn37w2yFt
https : //t.co/ABId6oiqWJ
https : //t.co/RqSQg2SiXH
https : //t.co/YaCWdQsAGZ
https : //t.co/6mYQ3BMImQ
VeryStableGenius.mp4 https : //t.co/BS4G1Zf6Fq
https : //t.co/ycsOEE1tbI
https : //t.co/KgMiSA42uX
https : //t.co/dtLokP6Xog
https : //t.co/py3h6XzGaq
https : //t.co/3bp90N7qoH
https : //t.co/3Pycb6PWk5
https : //t.co/gyW7eI1Geb
https : //t.co/AfLhJmqS6a
https : //t.co/WCNjwumlmu
K https : //t.co/xRAQb3AaLx
https : //t.co/cLxjqPtyUv
https : //t.co/kZW12dJSbW
https : //t.co/0UaHUfPKHj
https : //t.co/3cfqKGjVL8
https : //t.co/DxQ5jaZCyb
https : //t.co/hOrr5gMnre
https : //t.co/mb5O3Ztb6N
v. progressive https : //t.co/RiKNBKdgto
https : //t.co/LqL1EZqc4U
https : //t.co/zZrAHq85su
https : //t.co/Fp0YeIfK24
https : //t.co/H8vUWRIJj8
Nailed it . https : //t.co/PHG4lcfLLT
🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔 https : //t.co/8d5DU7BcrO
https : //t.co/7QJyWSklIa
https : //t.co/n9AOd3BDt3
https : //t.co/9uUr4Y0sVU
India has the world ’ s highest number of Facebook users with 241 million active members , according to a report published last June . https : //t.co/Q4H92VMv6m
https : //t.co/uDf6EgfpBv
https : //t.co/cEqISzMyCH
https : //t.co/0inzOHdZtJ
https : //t.co/XbSYzbr7b2
Violently overthrowing your own cardiovascular system . https : //t.co/rJkETuWSD6
Oh for sure man https : //t.co/2QjuFPx6AP
https : //t.co/iXK1ge2PEY
https : //t.co/2f8b5KKBzf
https : //t.co/cEXZv0Oaar
`` What we did not do in the last election was litigate what actually makes America great . '' https : //t.co/ABjsbXUUuF
2018. https : //t.co/y0bcCCuDmZ
RT @ RobManess : . @ BreitbartNews is bringing its 1st Town Hall to # NOLA April 5th ! Get your FREE tickets here : RSVP @ freeourinternet.org
# Free…
When you made Siri , the spy bot who paved the way for everybody else 's spy bot , but now you want to virtue signal about data mining : https : //t.co/HDAHhVFhO6
“ We as parents are not giving up… Our son is about to be murdered ... his innocent life is about to be taken. ” https : //t.co/9eLSUu6k4W
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : Whose Votes Would Be Suppressed If That Question Was A Problem For Them ? ( US # census2020 # CitizenshipQuestion ) ..It ’ s…
Nailed it . https : //t.co/DckLw9gsWo
https : //t.co/c1sg9QwbqU
https : //t.co/pS62HDBwmG
`` You ’ d have to ignore a huge amount of settled science in order to repeat the pieties of 1970s-era feminism . And yet , that is exactly what our leaders continue to do . '' https : //t.co/oMU0TLz2I8
https : //t.co/6uD1bQWB3n
https : //t.co/P5YaknZ0uE
https : //t.co/9aNGN5O9Kt
https : //t.co/CKEbk8UYHt
https : //t.co/kzX2YObViG
https : //t.co/ak51F759Kr
https : //t.co/llcCNWnCuw
🐔🐔🐔🐔🐔 https : //t.co/Lir8NYUIZG
https : //t.co/tNpHSZvtVD
https : //t.co/pV3bgmk7ER
Mostly old-🍑 parents . https : //t.co/80qsL5G2Cz
https : //t.co/JKBsxhbC5Q
https : //t.co/Ke01CvXUUz
https : //t.co/4rOPglchVT
🚪💀☠️ ? https : //t.co/7OFMm1ujnW
https : //t.co/4wKTtn80uN
https : //t.co/4rAyQ8wK1W
https : //t.co/Cbtrju0qOx
https : //t.co/SmbyXezgKG
https : //t.co/SQEwC8RwsZ
https : //t.co/bueSY6xGjl
https : //t.co/KStAUsD0Mk
https : //t.co/8Zj3IzkeYj
https : //t.co/NhhUtc6Z63
. @ peterschweizer does it again ! https : //t.co/XpIJwUCc6d
This guy wo n't be banned in Britain ! https : //t.co/mLbm7bKbJv
Oh my . https : //t.co/AOXc3hu7p1
This ought to ruffle some feathers ... https : //t.co/AKsbwTjwOU
https : //t.co/233QsKUZFJ
https : //t.co/bdxgxVwm2i
`` Doing Sen. McConnell ’ s bidding , he endorsed Luther Strange in Alabama , instead of the Trumpian candidate , Mo Brooks . That resulted in a gigantically embarrassing loss , so , naturally , he continued to do whatever McConnell said . '' https : //t.co/AQeh1LhTKi
RT @ BreitbartTech : REPORT : Ecuador Cutting off Julian Assange ’ s Communications .
via @ LibertarianBlue
https : //t.co/JiNXTiLrfR https : //t.co/o…
He 's obviously trolling at this point but geez louise , talk about a peek into the psyche ... https : //t.co/AQHPneOuJj
PØrn addicts . https : //t.co/KDVqQeU868
https : //t.co/RuY3IftzZo
https : //t.co/YReAKcI81T
NEW STORE PRODUCT !

`` Be right . Be bold . Be strong . Breitbart . ''

https : //t.co/wMMSuYW8dw
https : //t.co/Yr8n4fyGPS
https : //t.co/ucbWiNFLxn
https : //t.co/712j3g9Dl3
https : //t.co/M2xkfPoE6I
https : //t.co/Eajd6u39uN
https : //t.co/tpgcGKPkfc
Sure . https : //t.co/Wd7VoCdj0s
Certified DANK : https : //t.co/6sYFxnlqRN
https : //t.co/22N2OZVAd4
“ Everyone who was there during Obama years should start packing their 💩. ” https : //t.co/6Zg5He9oHM
https : //t.co/uSCZpljwdS
https : //t.co/v0dooUXmhr
https : //t.co/4TpngOIy6r
https : //t.co/gmFz4emV5k
https : //t.co/JVzEqQkpSg
Anyone watch it last night ? https : //t.co/pCuG4aFHz7
https : //t.co/3om5Susvw1
https : //t.co/h007GNHqOr
This guy wo n't be banned in Britain ! https : //t.co/oNdhWFpzgp
. @ JoelPollak : “ Maybe we ’ re so addicted to disaster and disappointment , we just didn ’ t see what a big win this was. ” https : //t.co/HEirE2nEsY
They need 2/3rds of Congress to propose an amendment and 3/4th of states to ratify it ... so , good luck ! https : //t.co/DpfrgTQvpF
https : //t.co/Gdz3W7OP9t
https : //t.co/MdVMJwufme
https : //t.co/OYH7MeL53m
https : //t.co/lFtIg8wzrg
https : //t.co/BAHLmi1HQP
https : //t.co/BRayeTILcX
https : //t.co/LxSKV1TxjB
https : //t.co/CYtpaWGht9
https : //t.co/Vo8ipu2xwt
https : //t.co/PdAP5CdnYV
https : //t.co/oXLZSr98qG
https : //t.co/fCgQHeZanH
https : //t.co/xKC7bzGsqO
https : //t.co/pw5FhmVfDq
https : //t.co/8rKN7LH4gH
RT @ theMRC : Media Research Center Will Fact Check the Social Media Fact Checkers https : //t.co/AUe5mCjM9Q via @ BreitbartNews
Next week : Our first town hall . https : //t.co/9vvnqEEIC0
https : //t.co/gjeXFzeInb
https : //t.co/BQKft5NdA7
https : //t.co/a57qQKpJy5
https : //t.co/k2zL1eUixG
https : //t.co/1zXjp0PmRr
https : //t.co/ETWbxfMU7y
https : //t.co/1RxQbMc9ug
https : //t.co/t4LRMGs5MQ
https : //t.co/1QHBJevkzd
When you tried to reinvent yourself as a middle-aged action hero a la Liam Neeson but it went nowhere https : //t.co/zYmmCdEict
. @ NolteNC : `` The CNN-ization of the entire news media ... that focuses only on nonsense & amp ; left-wing activism , has failed so hard , some within the media are actually wondering if the media should not focus more , say , issues the public actually cares about . '' https : //t.co/mm1DsNIGz4
https : //t.co/aisWF35Yj7
https : //t.co/V1vTXEmUxs
https : //t.co/afFvJzzjDO
RT @ AWRHawkins : Flashback 2014 : Justice Stevens Wanted to Change 2nd Amendment to Eliminate Individual Right https : //t.co/g9xKJ5ubz6 @ Breit…
We have elected officials that are seriously comparing men like this to Nazis . https : //t.co/hbzvfHsmdw
https : //t.co/TA6Ggm6ias
https : //t.co/dLNdOuuXly
https : //t.co/53cDm8pKr2
https : //t.co/Jv3t5RvYe4
https : //t.co/jhua8TOH7x
RT @ joelpollak : Revolt Against California 's 'Sanctuary State ' Laws Grows in Orange County | Breitbart https : //t.co/aoWQN177y6
https : //t.co/ygAe4zdy5I
Well ... ? https : //t.co/aVK5cxLaex
https : //t.co/AHjgaYZNwt
https : //t.co/SHk2z4t7Ew
https : //t.co/n6nu6Wp2U7
🥞🌎 https : //t.co/wfiIfVdTvz
https : //t.co/OzaijIwhJR
https : //t.co/SFg0ok0xHu
https : //t.co/pxSgrUwR2P
https : //t.co/rM9HbQOaYP
https : //t.co/E4DCLtXYCs
... https : //t.co/GVyI8GcAVt
https : //t.co/bICXlB2SCG
https : //t.co/4HhAzGLQwP
https : //t.co/rjaJwabLKH
Hold on
It 's never enough
It 's never enough until your heart stops beating https : //t.co/UCNf4mnReh
One of my companies that 's supposed to have a working product right now is in trouble ? Look over here , VCs ! An awesome project for the FUTURE ! ! ! https : //t.co/Uqw3jFfjoa
https : //t.co/HnKaP7qmnu
https : //t.co/er5UgXfZIE
https : //t.co/VmGKThAnDb
The bizarre modern connection between Venezuela 's socialist paradise and Jew-hating terrorists : https : //t.co/NU5cbzQtTe
https : //t.co/kjg17O88cX
https : //t.co/frITnwSrGD
https : //t.co/Xe30IVHME0
https : //t.co/qDCWZrWVgA
They 've been warned ... again and again ... https : //t.co/F6JCN2jOeb
https : //t.co/tmPPOgpmpw
https : //t.co/Dz3ucnG7We
https : //t.co/76RN5eHRmN
How about background checks on your own IT staff first ? https : //t.co/3NYXm6O3gX
https : //t.co/oJ1x6rh8ZK
Live by the celebrity fluff ... https : //t.co/nBLA8n292V
`` This entire country is built on the idea that we treat people based on what they do , not who they are , not who they ’ re related to , but based on what they do . '' https : //t.co/Vxh6jCnfcS
“ Is there anything about him that says to you that he would do something like that ? ” https : //t.co/M6xhJSByxn
https : //t.co/w5JIczCsXe
https : //t.co/LrPbDp0Eod
🙃 https : //t.co/eUnH4iMMNB
https : //t.co/x3BmHfIPGo
Ah ... something new has been added ! https : //t.co/coD3PT5F1T
The ol ' `` just throw money at it '' crisis PR maneuver . https : //t.co/75AburwIkC
https : //t.co/QqqAGMWKfn
RT @ brandondarby : Seriously , @ CNN . That ’ s manipulative as hell . https : //t.co/VdkRbeLCPM
https : //t.co/bknj4lK377
RT @ BreitbartVideo : Dem Sen Warner : Facebook 's Zuckerberg 'Needs to Come and Testify ' https : //t.co/L88C5yq9rw by @ jeff_poor
https : //t.co/IYzqPN8eGp
RT @ joelpollak : Excited to announce I will be covering this year 's # MarchoftheLiving for @ BreitbartNews from Poland . I 'll be visiting Lithu…
Good luck ! https : //t.co/3qHii85UNn
Cartel gunmen riding in an SUV pulled up to a gas station on the western side of Reynosa near the Retama rural community and left two large , bloody bags before driving off .
https : //t.co/fXzIi4W6Sw
https : //t.co/sRZsdOfZdB
https : //t.co/PbkUt7UXDq
https : //t.co/iO0dLYXFKY
You only break out the 匕尺工ㄗㄥモ 乃ㄚㄥ工れモ for really big stories https : //t.co/7gb0jo2fb1
https : //t.co/jbneeyWpjM
https : //t.co/imxTyCM1BW
“ I mean , the president , believe it or not … regards himself as a free trader . But he believes the path to free trade must be to correct unfair trading practices. ” https : //t.co/bitoSucyrP
https : //t.co/3fDdukjI7L
`` Bolton has vocally , consistently supported the establishment of an independent Kurdish state , arguing that the Kurds have proven their ability to govern themselves & amp ; earned the support of the U.S. through their reliable cooperation with Washington . '' https : //t.co/fBzQn9iK5F
`` The FBI failed , Sheriff Scott Israel failed . So many different multi-layered levels failed in Parkland . '' https : //t.co/BT2o0qpPLF
RT @ tdwilliamsrome : Swedish Preschools Recast Children ’ s Gender in Social Experiment https : //t.co/Z02slLDamu via @ BreitbartNews
https : //t.co/twqCBumZWt
https : //t.co/xN7xLgMQVj
https : //t.co/5GIKCBlRu9
https : //t.co/TglvZE1fIr
https : //t.co/0cXCGfPbVw
https : //t.co/wAKHroTtf6
https : //t.co/gbAVzZxAW2
https : //t.co/dIhZuFzEiA
The sheriff said that Al Hishmawi had hot cooking oil thrown on her body several times and was beaten with broomsticks . https : //t.co/9CNKKbIWCf
https : //t.co/h9GX4RJpYe
https : //t.co/NegLulNY67
https : //t.co/ETIYDBjtax
https : //t.co/INoxe85xfM
https : //t.co/lWUJmcEjPS
https : //t.co/vRYQrlzCbK
https : //t.co/U0qA0eWKfH
https : //t.co/EuV6P3NucZ
https : //t.co/bwD3GmvwQS
https : //t.co/0AkWkRZOxJ
https : //t.co/V8PGZhXSng
https : //t.co/944dpr2Cu8
https : //t.co/tpvHlBfL0m
https : //t.co/Ze7YvukU6t
https : //t.co/kqou2cM7vi
https : //t.co/hyKg3Tooa0
`` Much can be done with the $ 1.6 Billion '' https : //t.co/b2YqQfhJ88
RT @ MichelleDiana : D.C. March for Our Lives in 21 Photos - photos from on the ground by myself , Penny Starr , and Katherine Rodriguez | Brei…
https : //t.co/hqWcrhQ0bn
https : //t.co/Zvt5NVe0Hl
https : //t.co/MpS4JAVapX
https : //t.co/JYxVsT5k85
Especially gun-free zones . https : //t.co/IxVtDBc8RD
https : //t.co/DPpihNkT1u
https : //t.co/iNgDvZvMW7
https : //t.co/L0eTKX74yf
https : //t.co/CshIvslclm
https : //t.co/tSC1s0huCU
https : //t.co/av3BirSEHS
https : //t.co/gOEm2quzaK
https : //t.co/HM2uO7jnJV
https : //t.co/tIUMVgmjvW
https : //t.co/KoBi2TzAAC
https : //t.co/Rnud27dTW9
https : //t.co/XnieqX3GOj
https : //t.co/33ExGTNzUm
https : //t.co/Ul0TOZ5UwH
`` He ’ s prevented from putting up even one little inch from those prototypes . No , all he can do is build a little pedestrian fence . Nothing that he ’ s been looking at . None of the prototypes , totally banned . '' https : //t.co/B5ZiIVEGJB
https : //t.co/qupMbdZgJZ
https : //t.co/Tvgp6xb411
https : //t.co/VwU0hosElt
https : //t.co/9OTdftkHJb
https : //t.co/CI9qWLet9x
https : //t.co/rFvqfuAK9p
https : //t.co/Xx9BbDMlxE
Sensible_Chuckle.gif https : //t.co/xaWIT95Mit
https : //t.co/pGa8vETn20
https : //t.co/994fr3Rotk
https : //t.co/y6DImk6gJb
Dude . https : //t.co/pxwvljkPGs
Nancy Pelosi described the revived policy as a “ hateful ” insult to “ our brave transgender members of the military who serve with honor & amp ; dignity. ” https : //t.co/dwGyXxA6xF
https : //t.co/bMoqtzYbV6
https : //t.co/S7rZpywmNw
https : //t.co/HFPY0paSgg
https : //t.co/M8soulQbtW
https : //t.co/AapEv5TlZG
A resident of Fallowfield , Manchester , Forjani had previous convictions for robbery , burglary , and theft .

His defense described him as “ very pleasant ” when he is not drunk or on drugs . https : //t.co/wlM66oxCBs
( It Does n't ) https : //t.co/FvXBAqEq4G
https : //t.co/3seS1l1thm
https : //t.co/ukpivyGQGX
https : //t.co/BMD4euNwuy
https : //t.co/GUK4a9GAAU
https : //t.co/YCWaqtHUMd
https : //t.co/aRplfEXQJX
https : //t.co/3wRqMw0cXI
https : //t.co/LHghp8RBi2
🤨 https : //t.co/09ltuKjYnx
https : //t.co/zLEnPZPEJo
https : //t.co/nd7IEGBAJ2
https : //t.co/ILkk6ehQDy
https : //t.co/5NBY8oe6MO
. @ NolteNC : `` The other day I sat in a waiting room for about 20 minutes . CNN was on the TV , which meant it was all about porn stars and playmates . The half-dozen of us waiting all bonded by rolling our eyes and outright laughing at basement-rated network . '' https : //t.co/k0DiDDG2Uu
`` He doesn ’ t get it , and I was just , frankly , rolling my eyes over it because it was shocking to see him use his position in that way , as a partisan moment . '' https : //t.co/sbcAZClDyi
https : //t.co/wesprE2TNn
https : //t.co/Gdv8hU1Rwk
https : //t.co/tfcOW17MUa
https : //t.co/AOlJTvWxDM
https : //t.co/Ea10KWbQy3
`` The White House was involved in the negotiations . He could have said , 'I don ’ t like the direction this is going . ' '' https : //t.co/mSAKxs4NoY
https : //t.co/lg5NsbXMcj
https : //t.co/cT8OTk5P7s
( It Does n't ) https : //t.co/9d4eIFIaMN
https : //t.co/oD4A0TicBh
https : //t.co/BLvxPEtK32
RT @ JxhnBinder : Omnibus that Trump says he was forced to sign does not include the 1,000 new ICE agents that he asked for . https : //t.co/2s7…
https : //t.co/CtMjn3Pdph
`` I say this to DACA recipients , that the Republicans are with you . '' https : //t.co/vQARrbun62
Sensible_Chuckle.gif https : //t.co/OHXhzI4ieC
https : //t.co/83AVh30bzb
RT @ MichelleDiana : Trump Signs Omnibus , Pledges Never to Do So Again https : //t.co/0vG1S805n6
RT @ charliespiering : TRUMP : `` I say this to DACA recipients . The Republicans are with you , they want to get your situation taken care of . ”
IKR https : //t.co/ZT5IOWvJ8W
RT @ kristina_wong : The bill ’ s “ incredible gains for the military ” overrode other concerns , Trump says to a shouted question about the veto…
RT @ charliespiering : “ It does start the wall ” says Trump about 2,232 omnibus bill that doesn ’ t include the word `` wall ” to describe border s…
https : //t.co/BGffsHjBxV
RT @ charliespiering : “ I will never sign another bill like this again , ” Trump says
RT @ charliespiering : “ I ’ ve signed this omnibus budget bill … there are a lot of things that I ’ m unhappy about ” Trump says
RT @ charliespiering : Trump says his “ highest duty ” is to “ keep America safe ”
RT @ charliespiering : “ You tell me , who can read that quickly ? ” Trump said
RT @ kristina_wong : The bill is almost as tall as Mattis .
RT @ charliespiering : TRUMP begins by talking about the tough words - clearly his priority right now - describes bill as “ ridiculous situati…
https : //t.co/BAbqhaHCR9
RT @ RAMansour : Are you tired of winning yet ? ‘ Cuz if this # Omnibus is winning , then I ’ m definitely tired of it .
Here ’ s some info on what ’ s…
RT @ kristina_wong : So , I guess this means he 's signing it ?

Screenshot of White House YouTube channel : https : //t.co/TCdVlUvQ7R
https : //t.co/YJLwQkez1H
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : John Bolton on # omnibusbill - When You Do n't Have Real Control in Congress This Is The Sort Of Logrolling That Happens…
Dude . https : //t.co/YK0U6kGojX
https : //t.co/Yjyl1EezAo
RT @ AaronKleinShow : Reporters Admit to Consulting Kerry State Dept . Official Before Publishing Trump Dossier Articles https : //t.co/HCECxVVe…
https : //t.co/uAhhfVukxr
https : //t.co/Kh3jLxrJz2
https : //t.co/Eatc33A2gM
https : //t.co/iZno6N6nN5
https : //t.co/6DamL0cSNu
https : //t.co/j1cdLbRRoN
https : //t.co/HjTpeOlvls
https : //t.co/GvSk3h6rsh
https : //t.co/5jRSmJhSqB
https : //t.co/W4GE0zAsnw
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ ericbolling shares his ideas on how the United States can get Mexico to pay for the wall just like @ realDonaldTrump…
https : //t.co/c39qiomUA7
https : //t.co/PeJuTOA9HQ
https : //t.co/fWN1tVBSi2
https : //t.co/gdEDDGyefO
https : //t.co/gBKCGmblyj
Build Tunnels , Not Walls https : //t.co/Id5zpLyN9M
Liberty for security . https : //t.co/N0gcKPj02X
https : //t.co/uyoFNfdmdb
https : //t.co/YZKAmJK1nj
https : //t.co/LgpE4xok9X
https : //t.co/Z0GUzGtmmY
Did you hear anyone chanting “ Build Chuck ’ s Tunnel ” in 2016 ? We ’ ll ask @ EricBolling on # BreitbartNewsTonight @ SiriusXMPatriot ch . 125 w/ @ RAMansour . Call us 866-95-PATRIOT . Guests : @ mikepillsbury on # China # tariffs , @ francesmartel on @ AmbJohnBolton , @ JessicaV_CIS on # border # wall
https : //t.co/I95VRgpa3H
https : //t.co/s13cds1k7o
Black Lives Matter Sacramento is organizing the rally in honor of Stephon Clark , a 22-year-old who was shot Sunday night in his grandparents ’ backyard . https : //t.co/vx76BRQno3
https : //t.co/MAIqyaAw77
https : //t.co/Of0GeXDuDq
`` Bill Murray is not an oblivious twentysomething whose teachers just kind of forgot to mention the killing fields of Cambodia when they taught him about the Seventies , so he should not need anyone to remind him of what actually happened , but here goes . '' https : //t.co/GqFeWDgQGU
https : //t.co/D5dLPQez1X
Oh the times , they are a-changing ... https : //t.co/wsnhoN9FoE
https : //t.co/A9Iq5Ypxb7
“ Games are based on leveling up and getting stronger . We expect the most skilled , hardest working player to win. ” https : //t.co/xuWpjiRLWI
https : //t.co/uO3ElSNowr
https : //t.co/fhoFQ2smMH
https : //t.co/vWsYI4oW4C
https : //t.co/iYeSfDC8aR
https : //t.co/xwOIDj8W2x
RT @ charliespiering : John Bolton spotted entering the West Wing https : //t.co/KBJCPgYOak
RT @ kristina_wong : House Intel Cmte finding : `` When asked directly , none of the interviewed witnesses provided evidence of collusion , coordi…
https : //t.co/7pHw0CsrLX
https : //t.co/vFhDKBNDeD
https : //t.co/QAA0WfizWw
https : //t.co/crylCtHQq5
https : //t.co/6R4U9Ris3K
https : //t.co/JWV0t9yeBL
Zuck runs to Zucker : https : //t.co/D2JtQQZkgh
https : //t.co/bHvkE6W6d7
https : //t.co/5nXFqHvr5R
https : //t.co/pzymlw0UJM
https : //t.co/aYZ7wJweil
https : //t.co/VhP9p52c7i
https : //t.co/eIictSf1Vn
https : //t.co/swvva23H0g
https : //t.co/kCAEJIyGH8
RT @ MichelleDiana : Meadows and Freedom Caucus slam the massive $ 1.3T Omnibus that stretches over 2,000 pages with members given only hours…
https : //t.co/sZ5mAkCFIc
https : //t.co/gFvDQDmVpC
https : //t.co/ILmWFmgMNw
https : //t.co/YBfl8mulxU
https : //t.co/w4H045fnLi
https : //t.co/PLSTYDNI80
Oh ? https : //t.co/WqpRqEgpGn
https : //t.co/PFRBQTzxVp
RT @ charliespiering : 2,232 pages of Omnibus and not one mention of a border “ wall . ''

Specific clause ensures that funding is for `` currentl…
https : //t.co/AZzCirP2S3
RT @ tdwilliamsrome : Seventy Percent of British Youth Profess ‘ No Religion ’ https : //t.co/pKLAd2QFOI via @ BreitbartNews
RT @ TomlinsonCJ : https : //t.co/kXlLUZPYwL talking about the case of @ CountDankulaTV on @ BreitbartXM and how we need to stand up for free spe…
Sweatshop
Think we ’ ll make it in the sweatshop
We won ’ t fake it in the sweatshop
Yup we ’ ll take it to the sweatshop https : //t.co/FYKxlX15vw
https : //t.co/F08AqzFQkO
https : //t.co/kLLKN1t7gq
https : //t.co/bViolFXwDH
RT @ BreitbartTech : Jim Carrey , Rosie O ’ Donnell Lead Celebrities ’ Call for Regulation and Boycotts of Facebook .
via @ JeromeEHudson
https : //t…
https : //t.co/9yGRPZuJAV
https : //t.co/vegCfrwbmZ
https : //t.co/IDrRnKK7e4
https : //t.co/WdT37rjF6D
https : //t.co/D7xhUKDtQU
https : //t.co/2avuvc3tMt
https : //t.co/uSUfTJk2aG
“ You can go right down the line of all the things they didn ’ t do that are standard best practices. ” https : //t.co/hH214RAg7t
https : //t.co/f5qYNtHpj3
https : //t.co/ENc2HLZk5N
https : //t.co/ayam3iTG8T
Did you vote for Schumer ’ s tunnel or Trump ’ s wall in 2016 ? Who ’ s deciding the funding priorities in this # omnibus ? We ’ ll ask @ RepDaveBrat on # BreitbartNewsTonight @ SiriusXMPatriot ch . 125 with @ JoelPollak @ RAMansour . Call us : 866-95-PATRIOT . Guests : @ jcarney @ TomlinsonCJ @ ALIPAC
https : //t.co/DWQwGMIzQ5
https : //t.co/AA6Ts1GDgB
https : //t.co/Kb4ViNNa5e
https : //t.co/SjDz2OG8G9
https : //t.co/MUszGw6335
https : //t.co/N4BIcVFHz8
https : //t.co/2mvUlVMwa3
https : //t.co/J42BUY8aJn
The only possible interpretation . https : //t.co/fdFk2i7ovF
https : //t.co/14eR6lGdRW
https : //t.co/2Gm2EarNtY
https : //t.co/fWd0lsNamW
https : //t.co/feOn0kcivH
https : //t.co/HrXhQMQ0O5
https : //t.co/6SNv3aOcXG
https : //t.co/9zGoCnC8p1
https : //t.co/xLbUpYedxf
We have always been at war with ________ . https : //t.co/UVRguBsgNi
https : //t.co/nzyxcBv5I9
https : //t.co/r3YMJyLzyZ
https : //t.co/dBrXFAxi8d
😱 https : //t.co/YNHn6nR7V4
https : //t.co/lJB7D2jd8A
https : //t.co/I5sCVdnpoX
https : //t.co/UA607TVOvb
RT @ DRUDGE_REPORT : Schwarzenegger Promotes Gas Guzzling Helicopter Ride While Suing Oil Companies for 'Murder ' ... https : //t.co/M3spXnarva
https : //t.co/VH2VU2vIsU
https : //t.co/6n76sxmoJI
https : //t.co/77hzRn2W3j
https : //t.co/Wfd5YRbom5
https : //t.co/lZKIhisuXL
https : //t.co/ZnTqwJtiiO
https : //t.co/nF3YKBF3Kv
. @ CharlesHurt : `` The basis of this 'investigation ' is an increasingly debunked frame-up designed and drafted by the Kremlin and paid for by President Trump ’ s political opponent in the presidential election . '' https : //t.co/mKyXBIIydk
RT @ BreitbartLondon : Swedish Theatre Director Commits Suicide After False # MeToo Movement Allegations https : //t.co/xsxBUTziUC
https : //t.co/SGpC74KP9z
https : //t.co/0RlG549uA3
https : //t.co/oGSWgqbBLB
https : //t.co/EL9kQsLWCi
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ RAMansour and @ joelpollak of `` Breitbart News Tonight '' discuss with @ RepGosar how Congress needs to stop the legislat…
https : //t.co/1cEFvfQSQL
https : //t.co/BAEfSEhLAO
https : //t.co/Hpyv30zzVI
https : //t.co/e8MZggaOUM
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ RepGosar tells @ RAMansour and @ joelpollak on `` Breitbart News Tonight '' that another # governmentshutdown may be loomin…
https : //t.co/3HYx7FZulL
https : //t.co/TlxVcuT1bz
https : //t.co/yFtnyHaxtP
https : //t.co/yWkC0Rl31s
https : //t.co/uwBpM7QlYT
`` The Chinese government has figured out that the way to get favorable treatment from policymakers in Washington , DC , is by , basically , signing sweetheart deals with the children of politicians . '' https : //t.co/ID9uPqEz6l
https : //t.co/0jnTR1S0iH
Why is our political class more concerned about Schumer ’ s tunnel than Trump ’ s Wall ? We ’ ll ask @ RepGosar on # BreitbartNewsTonight on @ SiriusXMPatriot ch . 125 with @ JoelPollak @ RAMansour . Call : 866-95-PATRIOT . Also @ AWRHawkins on good guy w/ gun in MD & amp ; @ JeanneIves # IllinoisPrimary
https : //t.co/zN4rswEEXD
https : //t.co/AfyHiuronj
https : //t.co/BlGh6cXA6P
https : //t.co/3FNJRws5JP
https : //t.co/XK3qioPpLN
`` I am still here to help as I can . '' https : //t.co/1bWEJDTXjo
https : //t.co/SqTbIBHFlI
Just not in *their* backyards . https : //t.co/ZoyG108Nk7
https : //t.co/6L1aWD48bX
https : //t.co/4EltLQwj6V
https : //t.co/G6TGBpkn1X
https : //t.co/soLa3q0TGQ
https : //t.co/bhn8isMOoY
Marvel : `` Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history ''

Me : https : //t.co/z9g7RSdIdD
Knives out ! https : //t.co/nZbsWaivqP
The ol ' `` Let 's call a shooting at an apartment on a college campus a 'school shooting ' so we have a scary talking point '' maneuver : https : //t.co/0P0T8a0qpl
RT @ BreitbartLondon : London Police Edit ‘ Thought Crime ’ Threat After Ridicule Online https : //t.co/CQmExYbQle
RT @ BreitbartTech : Rare Photo of Jesse James Sold on eBay for $ 10 Estimated to Be Worth $ 2M
https : //t.co/zkM341nTWd https : //t.co/tmTBHp9teR
https : //t.co/RO2FjlIAOH
Hmmmmm ... https : //t.co/2RkEP9DVel
https : //t.co/wrxhGDxjHw
https : //t.co/bXCeCkdeJC
RT @ kristina_wong : Folks leaving the Pentagon before the winter storm hits like : https : //t.co/F6A9017GQM
https : //t.co/bT5UtwZF1T
https : //t.co/DILnbxy3K4
You can get ratings from left-wing viewers by talking about issues that are important to them ? You do n't say ... https : //t.co/tLowcTnfUt
https : //t.co/rb7QGAbrJA
RT @ BobPriceBBTX : Package Explodes Inside FedEx Facility near San Antonio -- Unexploded 2nd Device Reportedly Found https : //t.co/39f82Rx090…
https : //t.co/kBLxMYoqVw
https : //t.co/gfbVdEv7f8
https : //t.co/1XmkowQsWg
https : //t.co/o5XSfQrS0d
https : //t.co/H0eT9TIKbC
https : //t.co/rQwz0HrAXg
No doubt . https : //t.co/Iye0TtpHNB
https : //t.co/QFpJgbwQLV
https : //t.co/WXppjC02l7
https : //t.co/7cwkj8od0A
RT @ BreitbartLondon : BREAKING : YouTuber 'Count Dankula ' Found Guilty in 'Sh*tposting ' Case by British Court https : //t.co/NSiESVDaGj
https : //t.co/B5gyKEPuHg
RT @ BreitbartTexas : FBI : Package Explodes Inside FedEx Facility near San Antonio https : //t.co/C1jERcae8y
👑🐝 https : //t.co/nvvuS5tlmD
At long last . https : //t.co/3xARXeiBdd
Let us 🙏 https : //t.co/AGWxtkme7C
RT @ charliespiering : Hillary on President Trump : “ Fool me once shame on you ; fool me twice , shame on me . ”

https : //t.co/BfJ4SvuN7p
https : //t.co/DoPOvfJQTo
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : On `` Breitbart News Tonight '' with @ RAMansour and @ joelpollak , they discuss with @ peterschweizer how foreign dignitaries…
https : //t.co/Zh8njsw9FO
https : //t.co/0S86wosCqa
https : //t.co/a3DU0UJEHJ
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Catch all the morning headlines with yours truly ! ☕️ Tune in to @ BreitbartNews Daily on @ SiriusXMPatriot Ch . 125 ! 6-9 a…
https : //t.co/vIKrDLyC1Q
https : //t.co/4tuKMIWRxB
https : //t.co/oxoLVpLoev
https : //t.co/5jdRAA5sOF
https : //t.co/quZIllUdPV
`` ... very candid that they allowed us to do things they wouldn ’ t have allowed someone else to do because they were on our side . '' https : //t.co/ba22oCWNxU
https : //t.co/uVD491Pduf
https : //t.co/lblY8vaBtt
https : //t.co/C3KTMYMn2J
https : //t.co/2IaumHFPFP
https : //t.co/DYTdm00Gf9
`` Their message to the world is clear : California ’ s ‘ leadership ’ is willing to protect anyone — including criminals — in an effort to score political points . '' https : //t.co/GA9fLBW5Aw
https : //t.co/UWYZAprfHn
https : //t.co/wBhc5SOoiF
https : //t.co/Bm0T03WvWX
https : //t.co/THNz4dHMZ5
https : //t.co/J05AAA1Iez
https : //t.co/bjvwCv2Wqw
https : //t.co/3sL6fPqJoP
https : //t.co/0GkpNMan6f
https : //t.co/9J2HIvGrEZ
https : //t.co/Pnsw2PWKDZ
https : //t.co/V5RFQ0qJH6
There 's a new book section at the Breitbart Store—check it out ! https : //t.co/MAGDSlBiqH
Priorities . https : //t.co/aX9JDfQrAj
`` ... very candid that they allowed us to do things they wouldn ’ t have allowed someone else to do because they were on our side . '' https : //t.co/nt2yqHBQPx
😹 https : //t.co/Q7IEObmiud
https : //t.co/327Vikmk5J
Disavow . https : //t.co/oc86tuUnFE
https : //t.co/fu6aT8KAkR
https : //t.co/y4XkyEZV5y
RT @ BreitbartTech : Chinese Reporter Goes Missing After Viral Eyeroll Embarrasses Emperor Xi
https : //t.co/upmYgb9pTr https : //t.co/btknS9zgBh
https : //t.co/zRoagMAvGV
https : //t.co/K10nDA4Jaj
https : //t.co/Ss3K1ops4F
https : //t.co/zBtlghGBwq
Famous last words ? https : //t.co/Li60LMspbl
https : //t.co/1VVPlx4gv9
https : //t.co/czJ4qY1VlL
When u dun goofed https : //t.co/cUWLE1aNuv
Monmouth reports , “ This is a worrisome finding . The strength of our government relies on public faith in protecting our freedoms , which is not particularly robust . And it ’ s not a Democratic or Republican issue . These concerns span the political spectrum. ” https : //t.co/2GQ7bsDCYp
https : //t.co/AJOAI3bzrG
https : //t.co/oG92IFYXg0
https : //t.co/a4JFkwiVsD
The Court of Pisa said that preventing recognition of the two mothers violates the fundamental rights of the child , who was conceived by heterologous fertilization . https : //t.co/VKk5nkXgkN
https : //t.co/UGR2unLglS
https : //t.co/ekXzlzwIdS
RT @ RAMansour : Bust 'em up ! ! https : //t.co/0Us1tvjtxF
RT @ francesmartel : In the @ SiriusXMPatriot Studio all morning with @ carney on @ BreitbartXM ! Give us a call 866-957-2874
https : //t.co/aGoU4iADzp
https : //t.co/81PJGn3IGN
https : //t.co/RNAzsaK5Bw
https : //t.co/xU8yIqwr4o
https : //t.co/yIA2eDeTM6
https : //t.co/JqSlZKy2dG
https : //t.co/cco4R5yv5Z
https : //t.co/l3dawCqZ6E
https : //t.co/1m2i8qRclF
https : //t.co/HYQL9gYRVa
https : //t.co/VQw7QIuimN
https : //t.co/atafOrwHn5
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : ON NOW : @ BreitbartNews Sunday # LIVE with @ mboyle1 & amp ; @ AmandaLeeHouse # TuneIn to @ SiriusXM # Patriot 125 # NOW @ SXMPolitic…
https : //t.co/4WWN0wOky9
Tonight on # BreitbartNewsSunday Matt Boyle and Amanda House speak with special guests @ SteveKingIA , @ jennybethm , & amp ; @ senatormcdaniel - Tune in to @ SiriusXMPatriot Channel 125 // 7-10p ET // Join the program : Tweet or 📞 866-95-PATRIOT with your questions or comments !
https : //t.co/6FafAdtAOD
https : //t.co/agXkjJIwjl
2018. https : //t.co/ec1PsCnkDa
. @ JamesDelingpole : `` Under premier Jay Weatherill , the state of South Australia had become an international laughingstock . '' https : //t.co/Zs4GCu2QMQ
https : //t.co/Sq7YCaU183
https : //t.co/ZPfkoPLzTv
https : //t.co/K8TTQFAtZK
https : //t.co/1AHe0pKqmN
https : //t.co/pq3ykhZLCa
`` There ’ s still a lot of investigative work to find the remaining pieces of the puzzle . '' https : //t.co/TLMNQ5NSAk
https : //t.co/hjGtTFWki2
https : //t.co/lSDECKOlp1
https : //t.co/vMjG0KQtBJ
https : //t.co/dK1l5gFTN6
https : //t.co/e3eepOpmx7
https : //t.co/hJyaJnvUTK
https : //t.co/pwjMPIAEyk
https : //t.co/qRaD9U5gIi
https : //t.co/VnvVc7EY5u
https : //t.co/J8bIXE6PFD
Elect someone who does n't want to kill all Jews and yeah , maybe we can talk peace . https : //t.co/EwKKbuhjOf
https : //t.co/kCvHlDW5xm
https : //t.co/IU0krLqKrr
https : //t.co/d7p9JYKxGK
https : //t.co/0a8qsu5obc
https : //t.co/1an4OX2bB5
https : //t.co/35Dq8poxQM
https : //t.co/7QVuWrmOgX
https : //t.co/RfJpkqAshT
https : //t.co/pOE7TteANE
https : //t.co/DhZns93DJC
https : //t.co/ALG6Prq9uu
https : //t.co/bZNJSqO2kx
https : //t.co/vamGQA5BHw
https : //t.co/2rrNetyrYE
https : //t.co/AjPTVy0Beg
https : //t.co/B2XesbLRGf
https : //t.co/h6tSFhGDht
https : //t.co/MtFW8uC4Dg
https : //t.co/pjygsVPbiS
https : //t.co/4m9mNMKptk
https : //t.co/JYV14JhqmL
https : //t.co/Q2WthvMDkV
https : //t.co/TRzLoxxu47
https : //t.co/m4jGdWJq6P
https : //t.co/7uTjkgLUzA
https : //t.co/tsKgP9XtXl
https : //t.co/HnuBZ17PHk
https : //t.co/4BJ7QX3sPj
https : //t.co/SBKa7Ueox9
https : //t.co/2DSb9jxffd
https : //t.co/sxXdhvLlJL
https : //t.co/0ioJQoPbio
https : //t.co/3yVfy0ayKp
https : //t.co/8OGCQeHAGT
https : //t.co/jlEp3Wexq0
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : ON NEXT : @ BreitbartNews Saturday with @ mboyle1 & amp ; @ AmandaLeeHouse # TuneIn to @ SiriusXM # Patriot 125 # NEXT @ SXMPolitics…
https : //t.co/MRV9P0ek5B
https : //t.co/100XPrTY7N
https : //t.co/UETHwt5hH1
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ DannyTarkanian made headlines yesterday after President Trump 's tweet . The Nevada Republican joins @ BreitbartNews Sat…
https : //t.co/5DTEUOwVAU
Examples of allegedly “ racist ” microaggressions furnished by the university include statements such as “ America is a melting pot. ” https : //t.co/Zxx5dGQQAo
RT @ BreitbartNews : https : //t.co/woPG5g48Wi https : //t.co/aPuHwO5hk1
When prosecution tho https : //t.co/mRHpflYmTo
https : //t.co/IB2jb7CyJm
https : //t.co/7mPbqyyEvs
https : //t.co/6KnYf7Nppc
https : //t.co/5voGr8KkcS
https : //t.co/ff6GKoOLjA
https : //t.co/CbQ6PfSUrq
https : //t.co/XQ7AciqVtk
https : //t.co/8z2DTEjySK
EXTREMELY related to the election : https : //t.co/L9u81h1fVL
https : //t.co/bahBymxQO8
https : //t.co/Kc47gNkBu5
. @ CarolineGlick : `` During his 14 months in office , Tillerson insisted on maintaining the establishment ’ s view that the Fatah-controlled PA is the be-all-and-end-all of Middle East peace efforts . '' https : //t.co/RwBbTbGDlq
RT @ BreitbartTech : Report : ‘ No Significant Changes ’ Found in Those Who Played Violent Video Games Every Day for Two Months .
via @ MrNashingt…
https : //t.co/3ggF3J4sHR
https : //t.co/IJHaccqdOX
https : //t.co/jOGgaSvxnu
https : //t.co/BeX5HXf8zv
https : //t.co/GN5uG5lp99
https : //t.co/wIa3FISfON
RT @ AaronKleinShow : Klein : Six Lowlights from Globalist , Pro-Islamist H.R . McMaster ’ s Career https : //t.co/fbVuXhog12
https : //t.co/H5HzCpiIJ1
Ahem . https : //t.co/Ba1i6Z8eZl
https : //t.co/O4ahZQ7BSO
https : //t.co/4fWBWpt1f6
RT @ MichelleDiana : White House legislative director Marc Short in briefing today addresses issue of Democrats obstructing confirmation of P…
https : //t.co/s1sTR8Knfv
EXTREMELY related to the election : https : //t.co/VdeAsJ5Ywd
RT @ oliver_lane : 😮 Astonishing must-see pictures https : //t.co/xzVCgt7CFV
https : //t.co/i7LA6W0ZGI
https : //t.co/c1tncjaCVQ
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : While All Of These People are Putting Effort Into # Walkouts & amp ; The # 2ndAmendment , They ’ ve Done Nothing To Secure Schoo…
Next step : Patreon ? https : //t.co/rQeP5QbyLd
https : //t.co/Rjfjs1ZmUh
https : //t.co/BNmxeOFx0i
https : //t.co/92L3YQRri7
https : //t.co/t2GF38Cbt6
https : //t.co/yYPlWt2akn
https : //t.co/Q0LXgQxzkQ
Fewer than ten men were jailed despite the police admitting as many as 200 groomers may be involved . https : //t.co/2gy0TdMz2t
RT @ JackBMontgomery : `` If someone does something that is n't a criminal offence but the victim , OR ANYONE ELSE , believes it was motivated by…
The Hero Gotham Deserves https : //t.co/3ciQ91M5y0
https : //t.co/BNLj3Zy390
The Sweatshop Forever . https : //t.co/Hl4IW5xpfu
https : //t.co/Az7ZsoemMw
https : //t.co/MEWh4vj7fP
https : //t.co/IIYkM1QfLL
https : //t.co/SYOzcsIe77
https : //t.co/jhYXjASUKP
https : //t.co/QLN24EDijo
RT @ SarahPalinUSA : March Gladness : Girl with National Anthem Stage Fright Comforted by Rhode Island Rams | Breitbart https : //t.co/mlE00o0Wfr
End of the 🌍Herbie🌍 saga ? https : //t.co/OvPWsilJVZ
https : //t.co/xGWNfL2QzP
https : //t.co/oApalkJWpZ
https : //t.co/iFPytbqlFM
https : //t.co/1wsZ3GaVdo
https : //t.co/xReojZ0txG
https : //t.co/4x2R7d8cEs
https : //t.co/Xg2MHeTP4A
This will end well . https : //t.co/aal52ldIZf
https : //t.co/jEQsKZ70kU
https : //t.co/Lo9WnBnhfT
https : //t.co/WWF0WGAt98
https : //t.co/qm24sZRXAa
RT @ jeff_poor : MSNBC : We interrupt the tragedy of a collapsed pedestrian bridge at FIU for segment # 485,494 on Trump-Russia collusion .

The…
https : //t.co/vyuvZinKgU
https : //t.co/51EcWBlDXA
RT @ AWRHawkins : Excited to be speaking at @ SDCGO2A Gun Law Convention this Saturday , March 17 , Del Mar Fairgrounds ( San Diego ) . @ BreitbartN…
https : //t.co/kts4NoheKm
https : //t.co/xXVQKq8Wds
`` The 12 most conservatives sites lost an average of 27.06 percent of their traffic from Facebook ... CNN ’ s traffic increased 43.78 percent . '' https : //t.co/YUbc4mU9A0
The Anchorage Equal Rights Commission will decide if a Christian shelter must first violate its conscience by agreeing to accept that a man is a woman , and then take into their shelter for abused and vulnerable women a man with a violent past . https : //t.co/KXhv3EZkur
RT @ BreitbartTech : Exclusive : Professor Gad Saad Gives Advice for Parents Sending Their Students to Progressive Universities .
via @ tciccott…
Then : Nominating Tillerson shows that Trump is a blackmailed Kremlin agent !
Now : Firing Tillerson shows that Trump is a blackmailed Kremlin agent ! https : //t.co/Rb7TmtcPM2
RT @ charliespiering : Paul Ryan : “ The Guinness does taste better in Ireland but I realize this isn ’ t the year to bring up trade issues. ” htt…
https : //t.co/763HF009kr
RT @ kristina_wong : Extremely tough words against # Russia from the Pentagon this morning on # Syria : “ Russia enables the Assad regime ... conti…
RT @ joelpollak : Late entry to border wall prototype competition , courtesy of my 2-year-old son . https : //t.co/SRryQbtizJ
https : //t.co/M1moXZMRwJ
https : //t.co/p7KU9jxBXY
RT @ BreitbartVideo : . @ TuckerCarlson : Children Participating in School Walkout Were Exploited By Adults -- - 'It 's a Kind of Moral Blackmail'…
The Hero Gotham Deserves https : //t.co/AIGz7Dn6EE
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : Everybody Likes Him . The # Democrats Like Him , The # Republicans Like Him @ DaveBratVA7th on @ larry_kudlow becoming the @ …
1:1 analogy right there . https : //t.co/Zn795oZY7G
RT @ peterschweizer : More from my new book , which comes out on Tuesday
https : //t.co/0dm6zZcycr
“ I have a challenge for you , Mr. Schiff — why don ’ t you take a lie detector test ? ” https : //t.co/zxKAuLncxz
https : //t.co/xm6hCsLcak
https : //t.co/p5Bj09CMyX
https : //t.co/H0PGXlCUOe
https : //t.co/O1amWorKQS
https : //t.co/v4svxu66Zz
https : //t.co/zEVa7HXVBS
https : //t.co/OGtBo5lqQk
https : //t.co/2txvnkCQgO
https : //t.co/hyHO9MBBCz
https : //t.co/ZytaHdqjpv
https : //t.co/6Qzncz6QMD
https : //t.co/YckG8xLMhO
https : //t.co/6So8sSs3iI
https : //t.co/jXqBolMA5j
. @ AnnCoulter on Betsy Devos 's 60 Minutes interview : `` A smart Republican would be dying for liberals to bring up the 'school-to-prison pipeline . ' The more it is talked about , the more ripe the insanity becomes . '' https : //t.co/MhZLrgVJyO
“ I will always be grateful for his Millennium lecture at the White House and his contributions to the Clinton Global Initiative. ” https : //t.co/45njKIWA2j
https : //t.co/GC1dCefnxO
https : //t.co/uwfUFGcWqj
. @ NolteNC : `` All the hype around the so-called comedic brilliance of Amy Schumer , Judd Apatow , Seth Rogen , Will Ferrell , Sacha Baron Cohen , Melissa McCarthy , Paul Feig , Steve Carell , and Tina Fey — sorry , these people are not delivering . '' https : //t.co/DjiXrfqA7U
https : //t.co/JHYkkGmgad
https : //t.co/RuZXkqJzyc
https : //t.co/QTImu0fShY
https : //t.co/7Vt02YabR9
https : //t.co/ENtuFtNoGB
https : //t.co/a1KIhVXaE2
RT @ tdwilliamsrome : French Baker Fined $ 3,700 for Working Too Much https : //t.co/gOoZJN4T7a via @ BreitbartNews
https : //t.co/QFyEgLf6G1
RT @ FRCdc : Mike Pompeo Will Be ‘ Agent of Change ’ to Restore ‘ American Values. ’ @ BreitbartNews https : //t.co/f2XMH2UP2v
https : //t.co/TqWnQkgi7A
https : //t.co/qDGXyXj1c9
https : //t.co/9EL2lL8nbc
https : //t.co/VadSOf1Yel
https : //t.co/pBOVeB3IBT
https : //t.co/Nctnt9a7iw
https : //t.co/rZVMnmtuSK
https : //t.co/o12EDC2P2q
https : //t.co/II9bXtScCn
https : //t.co/qBrP7R0AbQ
https : //t.co/pismukGzY3
https : //t.co/dfk4HbLLgA
https : //t.co/15dKC9Nnnt
https : //t.co/GFUWktiw5P
https : //t.co/NrHzR9udCV
https : //t.co/BA1mI0cDwW
https : //t.co/Xbk8Gr7y89
Get some sleep ! https : //t.co/sBFWGwErpP
https : //t.co/lgbyWqkpCW
https : //t.co/TC1kuBHu0z
https : //t.co/kdxHEXqR1j
https : //t.co/G4kL7ssaOF
Oh ? https : //t.co/jsp3sCOa2q
https : //t.co/ngYe8cIggJ
https : //t.co/wfnhV6BoeF
https : //t.co/I8wo0qZdWk
https : //t.co/LpiCpX9lXc
RT @ RAMansour : # Rexit # PA18 and @ realDonaldTrump 's trip behind enemy lines to the California Confederacy --
all this and more on # Breitbar…
https : //t.co/ll6pJ2kQF0
https : //t.co/bN8ZlJ0E96
“ I was told that if I said a word to anyone they ’ d come for my little sisters and tell my mum I was a prostitute. ” https : //t.co/cccUhG0c94
https : //t.co/PWaN5gXceY
https : //t.co/2Zr4E4cXKe
https : //t.co/P20xQV0QYw
RT @ joelpollak : PHOTOS : President Donald Trump Visits Border Wall Prototypes | Breitbart https : //t.co/HmoNIzV0lm via @ BreitbartNews
https : //t.co/y2OoGzuQ3d
RT @ joelpollak : POTUS @ realDonaldTrump receives briefing on border wall prototypes # TrumpWall https : //t.co/iBnjSE0CKe
https : //t.co/hCSr3tTa4u
https : //t.co/d151YqnMe3
RT @ kayleighmcenany : RNC 's Kayleigh McEnany : 'Keep Talking , Nancy Pelosi , You Help Us Every Time You Talk ' | Breitbart https : //t.co/hNCzTFE…
https : //t.co/WqFSNelabh
`` Trump is not welcome here ! He would be welcome as our president if he stopped his racism . '' https : //t.co/isKzERUklY
https : //t.co/FUhDeCUQH7
https : //t.co/jFHb925zTt
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : When # Conservatives Stand Up and Conservatives Fight Back We Always Win - @ CaseyCagle Lt Governor of # GA via @ Breitbar…
RT @ Lauren_Southern : I 'm not kidding about this , but during my questioning by the UK police ... I was asked about my Christianity and whethe…
`` Nothing makes America greater than unencumbered speech , most especially speech aimed at powerful elites . '' https : //t.co/0PacOV5oBh
https : //t.co/z3LttWnGHi
https : //t.co/ZCh6hfagq6
https : //t.co/gPX2lPN9fO
“ It 's better than the players going out to the bars at night and picking up girls. ” https : //t.co/ZmqQFMjCsH
https : //t.co/GZOQhOOYDF
https : //t.co/4fMOuTvNtP
https : //t.co/kdnuq08Tsm
https : //t.co/Jgzw5St3tr
https : //t.co/pT5M6CLOPx
https : //t.co/Q3uTgsa0XW
https : //t.co/U0AlLZWNZk
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Coming up next on @ BreitbartNews Daily : Georgia Lt. Gov . @ CaseyCagle and @ GOP National Spokesperson @ kayleighmcenany ..…
https : //t.co/O946Oe2b7F
https : //t.co/ewElsXU541
https : //t.co/QS7sqCLXSy
https : //t.co/bCzpBBljhh
https : //t.co/KWUabOwLNB
https : //t.co/QTPJiZDj4Z
https : //t.co/4JC6laW8Ka
https : //t.co/2OROLzswzj
https : //t.co/VHKuY8X7cj
https : //t.co/xZdDVfqvdD
https : //t.co/ZWzYkbgTC3
https : //t.co/QYewkCM0Jg
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Facebook says they want to promote `` quality '' news and `` accurate '' journalism while `` minimizing the bad '' on their platfo…
W U T
U
T https : //t.co/cmUAktfJ7d
https : //t.co/fw9ou3qsQ4
https : //t.co/2k9xqrG9uc
https : //t.co/193HNkyJpB
https : //t.co/R44Tacb5Od
https : //t.co/8idAYtAu86
Oh ? https : //t.co/8adzSeK6RI
https : //t.co/w0PMeKq20s
https : //t.co/ZGNj1uAEu9
https : //t.co/SXfGhYyXeL
https : //t.co/Vz47uL4zUC
https : //t.co/WuxmhG7DQM
https : //t.co/Yi2qu8kcbH
RT @ BreitbartLondon : BREAKING - Theresa May : 'Highly Likely Russia Responsible ' for Salisbury Attack — Russian Ambassador Summoned https : …
https : //t.co/aEw9w6o6FX
“ As it turns out , the New Age spirituality does not adequately replace L ’ Engle ’ s vision , and stories really do have more power when they are inspired by God . ”
https : //t.co/t1CB55XGzC
https : //t.co/a3BIdvXMNo
A January letter from Grassley sent to John Podesta , who served as chairman of Hillary Clinton ’ s 2016 presidential campaign , asked Podesta to provide the Senate Judicial Committee with correspondence with numerous individuals , including Deripaska . https : //t.co/uPODMM59FG
https : //t.co/eUpHo1DDam
https : //t.co/9X0eNAAq4L
https : //t.co/Jp6qTkRfPQ
https : //t.co/iHFJ1gIAU4
https : //t.co/bOBG6eX059
https : //t.co/FxP95hy5II
RT @ oliver_lane : ... same govt failed to prevent entry of self-confessed terrorist Youssef Zaghba , despite the Italians sending a warning ab…
https : //t.co/CZ3vcuBEVt
https : //t.co/qLs2Zqyotd
https : //t.co/GcSeIfJGPd
https : //t.co/aqX35kkCgK
https : //t.co/xNmalALpwu
https : //t.co/PqLyD24b2k
When you 're absolutely Not Mad but you need to speak with a top Cabinet member about the nickname Trump gave you : https : //t.co/4RdCSKy3BZ
https : //t.co/2bfxygVF1K
https : //t.co/rTUO5ITwCd
https : //t.co/owGn3FyBrS
https : //t.co/yvV0gHJ0wS
https : //t.co/jbDSAXS2If
https : //t.co/DCINwB6SUj
https : //t.co/fZJ3gLjE91
https : //t.co/WM5Dea1GH4
https : //t.co/xlwOlFAgzD
https : //t.co/GEOYq7bu7y
Part and parcel . https : //t.co/agKzZW55UI
`` A married female employee of the charity alleged that ONE Africa executive director Sipho Moyo demoted her and slashed her salary after she refused to have sex with a Tanzanian MP . '' https : //t.co/qUH78vL4fm
Tune in 7-10 pm Eastern ... 🎙 https : //t.co/dfO6Vh2ZCw
https : //t.co/7Vz2xwhaXo
https : //t.co/T288lJnGou
https : //t.co/7qNHrC15qw
https : //t.co/XLBwCmzJVI
`` Do you think he ’ s being disrespectful to Native Americans when he does that ? Doesn ’ t that bother you because of your family ’ s heritage ? '' https : //t.co/oKiGSgsXiY
https : //t.co/rOdrTcZoTP
When you 're absolutely Not Mad but you need to speak with a top Cabinet member about the nickname Trump gave you : https : //t.co/47FXZ9TVd2
https : //t.co/e70V0ycBcY
https : //t.co/keqWDJpAmT
https : //t.co/qWhcehZK1s
https : //t.co/mZHzU0sGxT
https : //t.co/BVR3pFAact
https : //t.co/A9zTCiu1Ub
https : //t.co/WLblCOeEdO
He 's learning . https : //t.co/U8WCxEZ2Gq
https : //t.co/Z1o4YdPw5x
https : //t.co/4B91z1EpsN
https : //t.co/0ft6skPJeg
https : //t.co/Y5s15TNunC
https : //t.co/KjigI4E6DJ
https : //t.co/WCcU3e6wVU
https : //t.co/HUbF6KGTjG
https : //t.co/8fmVRSfQdN
https : //t.co/coaDb6PNwt
https : //t.co/eskgYiZLQS
https : //t.co/me6ZopqyTI
https : //t.co/dWQDkLY2pg
https : //t.co/PR8kx1gChS
https : //t.co/WyErc9zsch
https : //t.co/W7RxMiHiMQ
https : //t.co/92rF6ymiYG
https : //t.co/QaKMD8HBgD
https : //t.co/cwI40LkgP4
https : //t.co/5ymGKEVYjx
https : //t.co/rBi096c8xM
“ We ’ re very grateful to the president for following through with his promise to help our family out . He ’ s an amazing man , and this is just one of the many great things that he ’ s done in his term. ” https : //t.co/BxAmiX0OlA
`` President Trump is coming through on a promise that the American people understand . '' https : //t.co/XH6qZdb1Z5
https : //t.co/msNkM48h0P
https : //t.co/FZgwEXhhPl
https : //t.co/6RlHp0N4o8
https : //t.co/1XAN3iEAF8
https : //t.co/jTQotdTETD
https : //t.co/Kir39tmDpd
https : //t.co/e0Lv10gx1F
https : //t.co/eHbYuh38Ba
https : //t.co/WEsHTpM4PI
https : //t.co/y7NSTnMKRx
https : //t.co/wjRIGFItzY
https : //t.co/9AWy7yiy3O
https : //t.co/vqaGGA1e3H
https : //t.co/RbY4Lb8kuG
https : //t.co/xFWF1DsePp
https : //t.co/a7ZlCgw5WQ
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : ON NEXT : @ BreitbartNews Saturday with @ mboyle1 & amp ; @ AmandaLeeHouse # TuneIn to @ SiriusXM # Patriot 125 # NEXT @ SXMPolitics…
https : //t.co/iJwj5JNBav
https : //t.co/65IEFvou0E
https : //t.co/8oVUWBeAEc
https : //t.co/IbKwKDhtos
https : //t.co/Mqq3dUpsmT
https : //t.co/Jy1L6ILjes
https : //t.co/1vfvVe71lD
https : //t.co/Wp5lcpjiBd
https : //t.co/veRmxdYV97
https : //t.co/eLGS0Mz6Uu
https : //t.co/hCbmwNxnnS
https : //t.co/HYKQcZjt83
https : //t.co/hJEqAXUYr9
RT @ BreitbartVideo : Pelosi Claims to 'Eat Nails for Breakfast , Don a Suit of Armor ' in the Name of Fighting Economic Inequality https : //t.c…
https : //t.co/D9GQ1iLiJw
https : //t.co/zKA6pR05oP
https : //t.co/5RdPm7bhle
https : //t.co/nbiJbskwwK
RT @ RAMansour : We 're talking about the Rust Belt Renaissance on # BreitbartNewsTonight on @ SiriusXMPatriot channel 125 . Join the conversatio…
https : //t.co/hT00OAzNlM
https : //t.co/akcW1lgrIs
https : //t.co/Gl9HhPpDuj
Buen trabajo , Jefe . https : //t.co/kyNcPnrYsx
https : //t.co/4twiCGfKXo
https : //t.co/UILvsPOucK
`` You work with people all the time with whom you disagree . ''

—Valerie Jarrett , responding to the Farrakhan quote `` Hitler was a very great man . '' https : //t.co/neFwECs81A
“ A lot of the time you ’ re hired because you don ’ t ask questions . It takes more time to ask questions , it takes more time to fight for something with integrity. ” https : //t.co/ytzWlrok7k
https : //t.co/UA1rMjw3Hx
https : //t.co/fYOQktRsk9
https : //t.co/aa2aCy8KX3
https : //t.co/NYmYDH7Rg6
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : The Idea That Law Enforcement At Lower Levels Shouldn ’ t Be Required To Cooperate With The Feds Is Unthinkable - @ AmbJo…
https : //t.co/Fg7YN6wLpt
https : //t.co/RAj76Y97pk
RT @ joshuabrustein : Breitbart is reporting on how Trump is turning Gamergaters against him . https : //t.co/L3Kx8Jr9lX https : //t.co/b9WxOWSZkG
https : //t.co/eAcj8zRhzc
RT @ BreitbartTech : Oxford University Issues Public Apology After Photo of Female Custodian Cleaning Campus Goes Viral .
via @ tciccotta
https…
https : //t.co/BPJupkEIWC
https : //t.co/2QbnWgbCHZ
https : //t.co/SuL3LfDsDz
https : //t.co/w7p9eFVLZY
RT @ LibertarianBlue : EXCLUSIVE : Left-wing loons at Google urge company to disavow @ CPAC 2018 over `` ethno-nationalism , sexism , racism , and h…
https : //t.co/DM8UaMWTGK
https : //t.co/dKdcd7qI49
https : //t.co/nDYUKJWuv7
https : //t.co/Ey3zMud1Pt
You 're CNN .
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ! ) just called you out for ignoring real policy issues — instead obsessing over a tabloid story .
Do you :
A ) Reflect on how you got here & amp ; try to do better
Or
B ) Attack others for not obsessing over the tabloid story ENOUGH
https : //t.co/HhkiCvzYv0
The Associated Press is very Mad On Line about how reporters received the Trump-North Korea meeting news . https : //t.co/uZgfo0YhJc
🎆🎆🎆 https : //t.co/uSw3auyCcT
https : //t.co/Ci76fmS8qQ
https : //t.co/Pw19r2n6jT
https : //t.co/L04NmViPYC
https : //t.co/ZQrn7ES7Mv
https : //t.co/vMKS9OGfzg
https : //t.co/StRNO7XM4f
https : //t.co/pKDwMjSiwJ
https : //t.co/bjXJAT1pyt
https : //t.co/R4slPyuCP2
https : //t.co/mOlYR3wheg
https : //t.co/LbrsJqpxed
“ I ’ m a little bit uncomfortable with the U.S. national policy supporting one company , but , unfortunately , that ’ s the situation we now have . It ’ s either Qualcomm or the Chinese . It ’ s that simple. ” https : //t.co/7blP1Bd6vh
https : //t.co/HZHSgfIndX
https : //t.co/tni1cydyky
https : //t.co/UlJNXeM0oC
https : //t.co/ANSDATJ8bo
https : //t.co/afG9NNzVn6
https : //t.co/gllXHFLbMI
https : //t.co/EujbhAJDGh
https : //t.co/NrMCMuoBj5
https : //t.co/zIFP80Qliq
https : //t.co/jnxyxlEUbg
https : //t.co/wFd9ocdyih
https : //t.co/JToif77WAD
https : //t.co/7XS9dvMNrr
Almost identical framing from AFP , packaged as straight news and not an op-ed : https : //t.co/fs8Dsph5WH
Headline from impartial , objective , non-partisan , straight-down-the-middle news agency AP : https : //t.co/VaXFqjvVvr
https : //t.co/dhKsI8UDMq
https : //t.co/rtmKfSw0D2
https : //t.co/y6f2y9kiKb
https : //t.co/oANlD4XZBP
RT @ BreitbartVideo : Joy Behar Calls Sarah Huckabee Sanders an 'Amateur Liar ' — Says Trump Is a 'Professional ' https : //t.co/Jt4evEMN5k by @ …
https : //t.co/yGqQBapgqH
RT @ charliespiering : Trump makes it official : “ We will have a 25 percent tariff on foreign steel , a 10 percent tariff on foreign aluminum ”
Q : What 's the *opposite* of a performance-enhancing drug ?
A : https : //t.co/mZS0qBczqN
RT @ GadSaad : Nice to see that my most recent @ PsychToday article was granted a full feature in @ BreitbartNews . https : //t.co/yeEhtjPwFB . @ Co…
The next time Dems play the guilt by association card , see if ABC caveats the accusation this carefully ... https : //t.co/qADh2chttc
https : //t.co/7Ji2hWuvtq
“ My career was litigating before the Supreme Court . I recognize this is not what you do. ” https : //t.co/lQ3QQaWtnY
https : //t.co/bbiIm61W1K
https : //t.co/GPZAP6LIrF
https : //t.co/l7u8Z0v41O
https : //t.co/DoqVqptUPd
https : //t.co/gN3eIXYFID
https : //t.co/ZajtzaPq6s
RT @ LibertarianBlue : Watch : Hungarian Minister Censored by Facebook For Claiming Mass Migration Had Raised Crime Levels https : //t.co/RD0Pwt…
https : //t.co/EyryEZupdz
https : //t.co/fpuLInF3eX
https : //t.co/He9SZ0ZAYQ
https : //t.co/hadSJErs8k
https : //t.co/f0IuEocsoe
https : //t.co/fSiNIBzBcW
. @ JamesDelingpole : `` The flaws in the alarmist position Dr. Richard Lindzen exposed in 1992 remain the same today . '' https : //t.co/6kpMYF8lyO
How do you do , fellow W᠐κе κiDs ? https : //t.co/X9e0xLtH8b
https : //t.co/x8RydlmH3v
https : //t.co/6LdGkYthGR
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : China expert @ GordonGChang joins `` Breitbart News Tonight '' with @ joelpollak and @ RAMansour to discuss how China 's gover…
https : //t.co/wJF8rWGvxg
https : //t.co/E8UYoJJpTg
https : //t.co/o2cNzOpqBz
https : //t.co/BT7h5wOPuv
https : //t.co/grD2U0vD3S
https : //t.co/uI8Uc3NecX
https : //t.co/UTFK4OOgs2
https : //t.co/1KSeyYDCcH
https : //t.co/atG6kNtcuS
AP headline : https : //t.co/QcDZoUyll5
https : //t.co/Nlupp1u8wt
RT @ RAMansour : We 're broadcasting live from behind enemy lines in the Confederate State of California ! Join the conversation on # BreitbartN…
https : //t.co/tVVDB7W422
https : //t.co/MLmvb0qyVf
https : //t.co/G0rQC8dHGe
https : //t.co/Ev7KOK4TRT
https : //t.co/rBtZFXGb4D
https : //t.co/XTbupQ8prR
Am I out of touch ?

No , it 's the people who watch TV and movies that are wrong . https : //t.co/Obfb2FSlr1
https : //t.co/IuQUZJP9xb
RT @ MichelleDiana : Department of Justice Enters Into Conditional Settlement Agreement to Produce Fast and Furious Documents to House Commit…
https : //t.co/COWNvAbnP2
https : //t.co/d1Gdhlq1dG
“ My career was litigating before the Supreme Court . I recognize this is not what you do. ” https : //t.co/uVDIy3zSbW
RT @ joelpollak : We 're watching porn at work today . But it 's OK , because it 's @ CNN .

Families are watching it in airports , too . https : //t.c…
https : //t.co/C5YXhLIJGd
https : //t.co/MhbVxtyGTM
https : //t.co/xhYOD2i0mo
https : //t.co/WWRiJ6csZP
RT @ tdwilliamsrome : Steve Bannon Triggers Socialist Protests in Switzerland https : //t.co/ruzUUzNmHz via @ BreitbartNews
https : //t.co/txL24LFxFk
https : //t.co/YZe771knTA
https : //t.co/AgTNkfngab
`` The people of California will not be bowed by the Trump Administration ''

`` The people of California ''

`` people of California ''

`` of California '' https : //t.co/NKwtaClwBL
`` As hard as the Times tried to rig the game with an imaginary family manufactured for the express purpose of criticizing the tax law , the Gray Lady still blew it . '' https : //t.co/ik1YB68cao
https : //t.co/P3a1tnranC
RT @ joelpollak : If it 's war for Trump and Sessions to come after California for *blocking* federal immigration law , what was it when Obama…
https : //t.co/Nf04OJoM8F
https : //t.co/gWaUdCNMg1
https : //t.co/YJgplKi04h
https : //t.co/TuRh1iMslV
https : //t.co/2RB4aMs87Z
https : //t.co/awQ6vErvXE
https : //t.co/7XMytwlJRI
RT @ joelpollak : Attorney General Jeff Sessions on DOJ investigation of Oakland Mayor @ LibbySchaaf : `` We are in communication with [ ICE ] Dire…
https : //t.co/IFT13vSSUw
“ Peyton remains an official Papa John ’ s spokesperson and brand ambassador as part of his long-term agreement with the brand . ”

So ... getting cash on hand to buy the dip ? https : //t.co/2gQt8DpIbD
Am I out of touch ?

No , it 's the people who watch TV and movies that are wrong . https : //t.co/rzCohaaQtG
https : //t.co/QRIHGpf3vc
https : //t.co/vHOSN127An
https : //t.co/sGSbaYBRvu
“ The attempts to intimidate Ms. Clifford into silence and ‘ shut her up ’ in order to ‘ protect Mr. Trump ’ continue unabated . '' https : //t.co/p4y4fEWAXo
https : //t.co/5sGRPZNafh
The Jerk Store called ! https : //t.co/D3ch7oE8yE
https : //t.co/jUagEjxojU
https : //t.co/vvA6O7BLTc
https : //t.co/rNkpBBEYF2
https : //t.co/a8PzpWt01e
https : //t.co/Xmsi6d84O1
https : //t.co/yVO7v5Tis8
https : //t.co/576QYXOH9S
https : //t.co/pbNR1hzVgG
https : //t.co/xIrpL0G7pJ
https : //t.co/szDIxr6RRn
https : //t.co/QFHKY9nnsO
https : //t.co/Tas02r4DJj
RT @ RAMansour : Trump 's # MAGA Tariffs of Love ; Globalist Gary Out ; Blue Texas ? Join the discussion on @ BreitbartNews Tonight on @ SiriusXMPat…
RT @ AaronKleinShow : Report : Anti-Trump Dossier Author Christopher Steele Did Favors for His ‘ Sources ’ https : //t.co/4GE5RO5ZFB
https : //t.co/5qu7G3RYvk
https : //t.co/iYvLPa5CE5
https : //t.co/rvWDPEQTJx
https : //t.co/qsBgNLe4u4
“ Gary has been my chief economic adviser and did a superb job in driving our agenda , helping to deliver historic tax cuts and reforms and unleashing the American economy once again , ” Trump said in a statement . https : //t.co/XrkdtRkFEp
Aptly named , re : the shirtless selfie . https : //t.co/5ojB8K5fYO
https : //t.co/2ej11vOL8m
@ maxwelltani TY for gifing
RT @ maxwelltani : Breitbart 's front page following Cohn 's resignation https : //t.co/kscgfjIUVo
https : //t.co/6yh05Hwcpn
https : //t.co/9V3szEAl37
Must credit @ thewrap for the exclusive https : //t.co/VvKXhzyIQv
https : //t.co/VfeAcxZeoq
https : //t.co/BZTV5oJsuE
RT @ charliespiering : Trump makes it clear - the era of tax cuts and regulation cuts was last year - time to act tough on trade
https : //t.co/xyuwj8d4yt
https : //t.co/wlJo7I7a6H
😢 https : //t.co/aDdkJ8nXeS
https : //t.co/6zZEy0S1rF
https : //t.co/OyFLyuVEDF
RT @ francesmartel : `` Free trade '' means `` free from government control . '' There is no such thing as `` free trade '' with totalitarian regimes .

Th…
RT @ RAMansour : Once China controls the world ’ s steel production , explained Manning , “ the risk is the cost when the Chinese decide , ‘ We ’ re n…
https : //t.co/WhOckCazg4
https : //t.co/8jEZFdd3b9
https : //t.co/lG8XIquXsc
https : //t.co/x4J3BlBm0i
me🗡️irl https : //t.co/FPC3pgP8Tn
https : //t.co/Aj6qGS2Tam
https : //t.co/8F0Kl24VUG
Kyrie Eleison https : //t.co/1RC0Azc34k
https : //t.co/C7lbRIhAg5
RT @ EliClifton : Mcclatchy goes full Breitbart with this headline . https : //t.co/SkcGLQ2SV8
https : //t.co/VQeBWqqYpL
https : //t.co/cpLPB4LCbV
`` Being a congressman is a shame . Everyone knows that we ’ re paid well to work , but not everyone does work . There are 513 deputies , only eight come regularly . And I ’ m one of those eight , and I ’ m a circus clown . ”

This man is officially the GOAT : https : //t.co/6oS8rF5QmQ
https : //t.co/CMloWNPfdV
RT @ la_patilla : Breitbart : Maduro comienza una purga militar a medida que la oposición interna crece https : //t.co/zAYACvhDRg
https : //t.co/8GI0JMx1vR
https : //t.co/utO7PWTGDb
https : //t.co/0evSw1mTJp
RT @ tdwilliamsrome : By French Court Order , Statue of Pope John Paul II Removed from Public Land | Breitbart https : //t.co/WMbXW7Ji95
https : //t.co/Dpc1rumLdm
https : //t.co/TQciQN6Ohd
https : //t.co/SJphr1tkcQ
# FightFor15 https : //t.co/M6FVSu2e6V
https : //t.co/2bdU3sDqAm
😢 https : //t.co/PCYS0PnVqz
https : //t.co/YuZM3pRvn1
https : //t.co/5yN3Oqe05M
https : //t.co/GuvdvdD3wd
https : //t.co/mr2IXm28Fb
https : //t.co/ITnlw8HQbA
https : //t.co/TLWE3uR9UJ
https : //t.co/X36a4V2cMb
https : //t.co/6TRlWj9yVZ
https : //t.co/rPGiKz4ErU
https : //t.co/6i2m9SRMwV
https : //t.co/7054EYFoPF
me_irl https : //t.co/pa6WDvSMwF
https : //t.co/Phv5vdwCXx
https : //t.co/bu2kOybhOA
. @ NolteNC : `` There are many forms of free expression that I find toxic . But what is far worse than toxic freedom is oppression , what is far more immoral than toxic speech is silencing that speech . '' https : //t.co/tJHGA8Hzf1
RT @ JxhnBinder : . @ SpoxDHS on DACA illegal aliens : “ There is not a prioritization . USCIS is processing applications as they are submitted. ” …
`` Now , Sarah Huckabee has attacked me again and I ’ ll be more than happy to deal with her face to face . I would be more than happy to go back to court with her . I think she ’ s terrible , by the way . '' https : //t.co/Kp1syusHHt
It 's official : https : //t.co/OgVeKpWjmR
https : //t.co/RkLONBNIFh
`` What happened in Australia was that the government sponsored a gun buyback in which Australians were forced to hand their guns in . That is confiscation , full stop . '' https : //t.co/bmCaFCOgHi
https : //t.co/8SDe5Jzgzx
https : //t.co/wuK65PRL32
https : //t.co/taq70iqjRM
RT @ BreitbartTech : Facebook Survey : ‘ Should We Allow Men to Ask Children for Sexual Photos ’ .
via @ lucasnolan_
https : //t.co/pdt3k4kAo8 https…
https : //t.co/TyTHzzrN12
https : //t.co/BkvSMYUzd4
https : //t.co/0vwVrlp2Uc
https : //t.co/upXsSTAuXx
https : //t.co/11Q3w3zD7Z
https : //t.co/audOU6Plc0
https : //t.co/0BMGMOwchY
https : //t.co/3K2DSrp9A2
“ The new tax reform law has boosted the economy and we certainly don ’ t want to jeopardize those gains. ” https : //t.co/U4Cfa2Fgs2
https : //t.co/6NNetaGew8
https : //t.co/onDBxuXIeN
https : //t.co/eznEzBiXlk
🌌🧠 https : //t.co/qqgHsPxLai
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : `` We Are # Victims of # Welfare `` # SonniesCorner with @ SonnieJohnson on @ SiriusXM # Patriot 125 @ SXMPolitics @ BreitbartNe…
https : //t.co/9DNIbVmIzD
https : //t.co/8EcYtTpVo1
https : //t.co/lLaAsit3WB
https : //t.co/lka3SbWW6W
https : //t.co/wmNO9IGzlK
https : //t.co/8BaY03eSD5
https : //t.co/4kyzZsQ9ON
https : //t.co/xwHli58EIe
https : //t.co/0r1ZX90LrV
https : //t.co/VG1S8QhltL
https : //t.co/EwsuNV0WcN
https : //t.co/4Ky3gNosgq
`` The loss of our manufacturing base , which our founders clearly saw as crucial , is dangerous and destabilizing ... We ’ ve become dependent on China for the necessities of our national life and for the loans to pay for them . '' https : //t.co/5wakyy9sIE
https : //t.co/CvfuREskao
https : //t.co/BhzDqePnAI
https : //t.co/knkuoghGEZ
https : //t.co/QSMvbpXfKe
https : //t.co/kKOyCaiHHT
https : //t.co/I7xWAMIZ9M
. @ CarolineGlick : `` Lorenz , who outed Geller ’ s daughters , is too dumb to understand that she put their lives in danger by exposing their identities . '' https : //t.co/ReAMEHcVUr
https : //t.co/cVaiYWF3H9
https : //t.co/p4u8lXP8hx
https : //t.co/EPykrtDTVU
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : Joining @ BreitbartNews Saturday , @ ericbolling shared staggering # Statistics on the # OpioidEpidemic & amp ; # NotMyKidSyndrome…
🤣🤣🤣 https : //t.co/Amunj0UqFZ
https : //t.co/DWGzZfx1uN
https : //t.co/i0WSMqgHb7
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : ON NEXT : @ BreitbartNews Sunday # LIVE with @ mboyle1 & amp ; @ AmandaLeeHouse # TuneIn to @ SiriusXM # Patriot 125 # NEXT @ SXMPolit…
https : //t.co/ADI7zouXLe
https : //t.co/03PgZKJWdw
https : //t.co/GKr01updlu
https : //t.co/TroPiwlPWv
https : //t.co/Pshxg92rkF
😭😭😭😭😭 https : //t.co/Nb9PJJxRSu
https : //t.co/NMoIuFn0ui
https : //t.co/EAXQoCPpQL
https : //t.co/fTVdc5BOPF
https : //t.co/DueXEqwhMB
https : //t.co/FnZI6KE0Ox
https : //t.co/B1Ja2SBiKB
https : //t.co/P6ED7NU4rt
https : //t.co/Yq2qlhS1g1
https : //t.co/ghig2i8OEV
AFP headline , not categorized as an op-ed : https : //t.co/RQVwsxlu90
Now Merkel admits what everybody 's known but ca n't say . https : //t.co/pwUIqDQvV9
`` I do not have one bad thing to say about this store . However I can not be the face of these new gun policies in affect [ sic ] . '' https : //t.co/Wj8pHUVpyn
. @ PrisonPlanet : “ It ’ s just so ironic because our videos are getting flagged for harassment and bullying… CNN can go to an old lady ’ s house in Florida , stick a camera in her face , accuse her of being in bed with the Russians ... and that ’ s completely fine . '' https : //t.co/1egIOQe2fu
https : //t.co/wrVg7of3W3
https : //t.co/jgxiQ7CCgw
https : //t.co/SqR9Z5zcwY
https : //t.co/cBGay3bNvm
https : //t.co/b2D58iqUW6
https : //t.co/VX1xj6ArKr
https : //t.co/pkddM7BVx0
https : //t.co/9HNbTtZNvt
https : //t.co/UUD4oUx6R7
https : //t.co/2lxGGbIhNm
https : //t.co/ethldyXmd7
https : //t.co/prVIUqwBC3
https : //t.co/WdwaeiK2Sk
https : //t.co/BUVUKtmemP
# HyperHype https : //t.co/HzZVsemQWG
https : //t.co/uK5ksr2nMn
https : //t.co/sg64rwbmb2
https : //t.co/GsGadmqo4D
https : //t.co/tZ54txDqpg
https : //t.co/EeiXS3QLEg
https : //t.co/oX9R7BJUvU
https : //t.co/CQ7EnWZTbu
https : //t.co/MN2q9CZGwc
“ I think the record is clear on these free trade agreements . They always are done with promises for significant jobs for Americans and significant access to markets , and we always lose dramatically once the ink is signed. ” https : //t.co/nLRpBRppYy
https : //t.co/qVLCs7Ih1L
https : //t.co/kzxQDBOZMz
😭😭😭😭😭 https : //t.co/71cThfeenJ
. @ NolteNC : `` This Fourth Estate of ours , which has no poise , grace , or gravitas , can keep right on pushing that panic button ; no one with half a brain is falling for it . '' https : //t.co/coV8G218cZ
https : //t.co/dNDwDKClOX
https : //t.co/ZSNcb41pIZ
https : //t.co/z55t9WI5jJ
https : //t.co/sPrHd59nSE
https : //t.co/5ILRpGqeay
https : //t.co/7eQTr0bxJC
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : What do YOU want to hear ? We 're letting you choose on # SonniesCorner with @ SonnieJohnson LIVE # Saturday at 1pm EST @ SX…
https : //t.co/SfXUe4manh
By the same logic , what did Mexican drug cartels have on Eric ? https : //t.co/kXPrLKXUeT
Now Merkel admits what everybody 's known but ca n't say . https : //t.co/KD6YpwgR7I
There 's money to be made . https : //t.co/yY2n864zz8
Pre-crime . https : //t.co/U933OVUMaP
Will true socialism finally be tried ? https : //t.co/8IaWUz9CXA
`` Even if we learn more horrifying things from the Inspector General , we can ’ t actually prosecute somebody for those things because we would need somebody to be able to bring that case . And [ DOJ- ] FBI obviously won ’ t be bringing a case against themselves . '' https : //t.co/g18Ts3SfKM
https : //t.co/Lag7LzASdT
https : //t.co/j6ScnJHf70
https : //t.co/1T5KKlDigR
https : //t.co/t0OOQCvdzi
https : //t.co/AT12GbNJT8
https : //t.co/sLYgYbYMS5
https : //t.co/wdbTjrSmFv
🌈 The More You Know ☄️ https : //t.co/jRfNoqXqsm
https : //t.co/jG8Ia6x7vr
https : //t.co/DAx8j0MdI5
https : //t.co/1ZLY8GYSdu
https : //t.co/e2LwVET4vI
https : //t.co/7i6dVabhJb
https : //t.co/qJ24eb5i06
`` I do not have one bad thing to say about this store . However I can not be the face of these new gun policies in affect [ sic ] . '' https : //t.co/egTziMTNDf
https : //t.co/65kyYjZdI9
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ ericbolling joins @ BreitbartNews Saturday to discuss the heartbreaking loss of his son to opioids and how `` Not My Kid…
https : //t.co/o2aHFyPr2n
https : //t.co/KcZCmI2HC0
https : //t.co/BEARTJQ2gj
https : //t.co/NzpAo7tsyI
https : //t.co/XGXdHpPZ0f
https : //t.co/oDQvZ9si6R
https : //t.co/6WRN51gQt5
https : //t.co/kr8cmSs72T
. @ carney : `` Far from being a deviation from Republican orthodoxy , Trump ’ s tariffs have very clear precedents in the administrations of Ronald Reagan and George W . Bush . '' https : //t.co/u4XFWbFMQQ
https : //t.co/KhTuQ0ZH2N
. @ PrisonPlanet : “ It ’ s just so ironic because our videos are getting flagged for harassment and bullying… CNN can go to an old lady ’ s house in Florida , stick a camera in her face , accuse her of being in bed with the Russians ... and that ’ s completely fine . '' https : //t.co/lqRzQaJvRW
https : //t.co/tZ29vqv0gT
https : //t.co/Vu0rFIaXWv
Facebook warns @ TheBabylonBee , a Christian Onion-style satire site , that the publisher could `` see their distribution reduced and their ability to monetize and advertised removed ” after Snopes `` fact checked '' a post mocking CNN . https : //t.co/x2TfamcpDt
https : //t.co/CQlBxhleqF
https : //t.co/rWAFbRM2AW
https : //t.co/yoOB4E0SL2
https : //t.co/h72ukKTIeE
https : //t.co/KxYlDhGSDZ
https : //t.co/Cs4OC7XLYq
https : //t.co/69zBfHMRzU
https : //t.co/rkLwoA0guv
https : //t.co/ua30dkg5eO
https : //t.co/ekjhpbOY0P
https : //t.co/r4NcWg5NkM
https : //t.co/UU0MzfgVxl
https : //t.co/Z8Y197iMN8
https : //t.co/oOnGRYgncc
https : //t.co/5gMb1ZpByH
https : //t.co/MVwXGTNuoU
The Death of Expertise . https : //t.co/gljCNsdipZ
The Palestinian ruling party endorses another Jew-hating murderer . https : //t.co/1SIJLhm8TY
RT @ kristina_wong : Pentagon : Congress Will Decide If US Has Authority to Support Saudi War in # Yemen https : //t.co/GEnPOZDmg5 via @ Breitbart…
https : //t.co/rXag1NcDj0
https : //t.co/a8d5EICAjd
https : //t.co/96Qz9jHq2G
https : //t.co/lRyhuxVQLU
https : //t.co/CcyFsxwvYF
https : //t.co/v0sWIjH03n
https : //t.co/jJQVrkAau7
https : //t.co/gkra21Y735
https : //t.co/j60jEmCkA2
https : //t.co/2B049CtbH3
https : //t.co/gkOc4FEKSu
https : //t.co/XcE6Oc642o
https : //t.co/h3vdhyjFoW
https : //t.co/ZZnSKO72ZI
https : //t.co/1DT90Zb9k4
https : //t.co/0XGxdOtdvl
“ We ’ ve not only lost our jobs to them and built a middle class in China while we decimated our own , we have also lost all sorts of technological know-how. ” https : //t.co/WNw0NfVpe0
https : //t.co/F3oNSM43AS
https : //t.co/QrUcaLFXFV
https : //t.co/85jchYW0U9
https : //t.co/5HGEdcWaPH
! ! ! https : //t.co/SoEnoxmQ69
RT @ rkraychik : I had a 2-year-old channel , about 20K subscribers , thousands of videos ( 100 % of which were news media clips ) , 25 million+ to…
https : //t.co/usb6zPCbDM
https : //t.co/Jqahpdvbmj
https : //t.co/DA2WFwrlQB
https : //t.co/9PJeygmxzR
https : //t.co/qbFnQrdlAu
https : //t.co/xaFE68LJdZ
https : //t.co/HrjI0KrVIf
https : //t.co/2Lculv8oPX
. @ TomFitton : `` The FBI has a protective stone wall built around Comey . '' https : //t.co/UworKwQKwK
. @ NolteNC : `` Over 25 years , I have only needed that gun twice , but at the time I would have given away everything in exchange for one . '' https : //t.co/NyAqYdQRfI
https : //t.co/Pjub7mrdNg
https : //t.co/Sr4VTRyixT
https : //t.co/dlbI3Le56n
“ Our audience is women over 30 in middle America , and they ’ re not sexy [ for advertisers ] . ” https : //t.co/RL7qVwNpkx
https : //t.co/OtCHPkPZgy
⚗️🔬👩‍🔬 https : //t.co/lbozorUyO5
https : //t.co/t4gQNwuMWV
https : //t.co/vq86UNvULn
https : //t.co/8cadREJ5jI
https : //t.co/OA1vcyCj07
https : //t.co/Ve525xsPW3
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : # Special Hour on @ BreitbartNews Daily . @ gehrig38 is taking your calls NOW . 866-957-2874 Tune in @ SiriusXM # Patriot 125…
`` Honey , why is n't the fireside chat playing from the radio ? ''

`` Oh , the station decided to play recordings of dogs and passive-aggressive rants against co-workers instead today . ''

`` Makes sense ! '' https : //t.co/qqqJTwh27q
https : //t.co/SRKUSPALi8
https : //t.co/pUIGqoOBkp
https : //t.co/FGWIbxEpek
https : //t.co/PA61FTsVia
https : //t.co/5qtWuQrGoS
https : //t.co/yfKd9ZdyeR
https : //t.co/IEtLN1f4yC
. @ AnnCoulter : `` School and law enforcement officials knew Cruz was a ticking time bomb . They did nothing because of a deliberate , willful , bragged-about policy to end the 'school-to-prison pipeline . ' This is the feature part of the story , not the bug part . '' https : //t.co/KzQjoS7l8r
https : //t.co/1umpk4Uics
https : //t.co/1JqY5lACY8
https : //t.co/JjbqSyHuwA
https : //t.co/RvH5ocZ2UV
https : //t.co/D6wVjIwrww
https : //t.co/nuMyvW0vYG
https : //t.co/oV6AtdvG59
https : //t.co/yd6f1ruauf
https : //t.co/OpZVrTPPE3
https : //t.co/EQMR7aybxE
The latest `` Down Range '' # 2A newsletter curated by @ AWRHawkins drops tomorrow . Click here to make sure you receive it : https : //t.co/uiQMKJYSTt
https : //t.co/Dz9foNvgOE
https : //t.co/9zVcv4Is39
https : //t.co/AE0wPgqEJl
https : //t.co/ua8AvJrGzs
https : //t.co/CHWVeYIrMJ
https : //t.co/XN1g6354gN
https : //t.co/HgYTxTafaP
RT @ AaronKleinShow : Kushner Security Clearance Reports Reveal Deep State Spying on Israeli Officials https : //t.co/yRJ5D8hWAR
Pro tip : Anyone can check the wallet balance and see whether the tokens have been distributed ( so far they have n't ) . https : //t.co/yK6zm0MFeB
How do they quote him ? Rather simple : By asking questions and then printing the responses . https : //t.co/qZQdWoHkrt
RT @ charliespiering : Trump tells Steve Scalise that concealed carry across state lines will “ never get passed ”
https : //t.co/Cj8W7ae6Tz
Twenty-five people were reportedly injured–including seven Americans . https : //t.co/7cCDyplejb
https : //t.co/LrcNOpiO9e
`` We do n't want to be a part of this story any longer , '' he said in the CNN studio .
https : //t.co/koal2EaEsa
https : //t.co/czTBBapSyr
https : //t.co/6fvClW3LuF
https : //t.co/pRogCMZ4at
https : //t.co/fk0jlpdevI
https : //t.co/UmTWMWFuJY
Double dip ? https : //t.co/aHU5hyNCbC
https : //t.co/BUNtL5ziID
https : //t.co/Y6RZIUoJsg
https : //t.co/iAaO5tw3qZ
https : //t.co/YnazXW27UK
RT @ LibertarianBlue : YouTube is Shutting Down Conservative Criticism of CNN over Parkland Shooting | Breitbart https : //t.co/G8kTR8iEGD via…
https : //t.co/hEfIpZwO1Z
They will no longer sell firearms to anyone under 21 years of age , and will no longer sell “ assault-style ” weapons in their stores and their Field & amp ; Stream stores . They also banned the sales of “ high capacity magazines. ” https : //t.co/sJX41B666d
In the People 's Republic , you can no longer post the phrase `` I do n't agree . '' https : //t.co/zjKXnYgqjD
https : //t.co/pC7w2wqSHR
https : //t.co/i1gaAZfTHL
`` There ’ s a much more simple explanation than conspiracy theory . It has to do with the bizarre , but very well-documented tendency many humans have towards embracing fashionable nonsense . '' https : //t.co/m9hrMNNmIX
https : //t.co/bXKaFNfsdn
Here 's @ GaryTuchmanCNN firing an AR-15 . https : //t.co/yMsaBSEeAS
https : //t.co/NwYDWaYSlO
It 's only February . https : //t.co/XWVFk4NB91
https : //t.co/t6mki8dpS8
https : //t.co/tf83faLRax
https : //t.co/F316h3SQM0
https : //t.co/tLr49IWC56
https : //t.co/iVvY0r3y75
https : //t.co/2QaGrhzsGp
https : //t.co/93GbzLBRgx
https : //t.co/DpDI0S7LG6
https : //t.co/iinUDtQf7e
https : //t.co/M5K0NeVTlR
https : //t.co/XorbhsIz7F
https : //t.co/EvUN8cDUeD
https : //t.co/GVmsedNxOg
https : //t.co/CglZFCcFzc
https : //t.co/A30whEWCEa
Tax season ! https : //t.co/KEaWuWXseC
`` I know a lot more than you all do now , so all I ’ m going to say is , yes , I believe there needs to be a full investigation . '' https : //t.co/wYQETy1JNj
RT @ JGilliam_SEAL : LISTEN to my interview this mornings on @ BreitbartNews on @ SiriusXMPatriot Here is the link -- -- - & gt ; https : //t.co/BanMjtW6…
https : //t.co/IhWfSdi5if
https : //t.co/W8zoJzMr0s
Every Republican except State Rep. Bill Hager ( R-89 ) voted against the ban . https : //t.co/AkTAf2wS4m
INBOX : https : //t.co/HB4cdZDur3
https : //t.co/fDVLUn8R6c
https : //t.co/ii5qnWk0de
https : //t.co/fHqUintBmN
RT @ NeilMunroDC : Judges grab DACA issue , stall the democratic debate on immigration reforms wanted by voters . Safe to say politicians won't…
Scrappers rejoice ! https : //t.co/ynUpfYjo5u
https : //t.co/USa6XYyIBA
https : //t.co/XpfBFYmCLf
On second thought , Sen. Bob Corker is still retiring . https : //t.co/QJ7jKeQWQj
https : //t.co/oXl2ZuWFIH
RT @ charliespiering : “ There were mistakes , we ’ d screw up , but there wasn ’ t anything venal during eight years. ” - Barack Obama https : //t.co/…
https : //t.co/JMTTE9zZik
. @ Doc_0 : `` The name of the game is smearing everyone who dared to vote against Hillary Clinton as a willing accomplice , unwitting tool , or hapless dupe of sinister forces , effectively erasing the 2016 election from the history books . '' https : //t.co/Mfz0xpI53G
https : //t.co/ZHOCzxP2fS
https : //t.co/rnwRnGZq4D
https : //t.co/RvnU2P78Zp
https : //t.co/MnaXbhdWJT
RT @ BreitbartNews : AND IT GETS BETTER : Winer 's firm , while doing pro bono work for the Clinton Global Initiative , was also lobbying for the…
AND IT GETS BETTER : Winer 's firm , while doing pro bono work for the Clinton Global Initiative , was also lobbying for the Russian company that bought Uranium One . New from @ AaronKleinShow : https : //t.co/POB7OfkxUN
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : In The Legislation That We 're About To Propose ( In FL ) we 're Doing Away With The # NoArrest Policy ( # PromiseProgram ) …
https : //t.co/4wUg76qd5R
https : //t.co/ugtTJLguU9
“ Twenty-five percent of America identifies as liberal and I need more than 25 percent of America to go see my movies . It ’ s not wise , career-speaking , to talk about politics . When Donald Trump got sworn into office , that f***ing changed. ” https : //t.co/ZeJOgXgm6T
https : //t.co/mYHp9phy6R
https : //t.co/BBnmYf2FIv
. @ MalcolmNance : `` Civilians don ’ t understand [ that ] in close quarters the first thing you are going to have to experience is the explosive sound of the weapon going off — not yours , but the shooter 's . '' https : //t.co/Ce1R8ffaSC
https : //t.co/x2VgwhqH0d
https : //t.co/09EE62jdJf
https : //t.co/CNLMAn1K49
https : //t.co/LdtjoeADLK
@ katieengelhart You clearly are not familiar with @ AlexMarlow 's perennial overplaying of Westminster Dog Show results
https : //t.co/FS9FDZbX5z
https : //t.co/5WrZuc39xC
https : //t.co/b6QUBeBifY
https : //t.co/Xq1hMj6CwM
https : //t.co/d1O4mrtCxm
https : //t.co/L7Mz5ll5nJ
https : //t.co/qsplE5Ynvy
https : //t.co/sWpLzDSlvQ
https : //t.co/T1x8UMoc1i
RT @ joelpollak : Florida House Speaker @ richardcorcoran just told @ BreitbartNews tonight that the state legislature will investigate the `` PR…
https : //t.co/uEGRd4z2BP
👍 https : //t.co/cXjUaBRPKg
🌨️🌨️🌨️🌨️ https : //t.co/46aXL6AL7j
https : //t.co/PW1z1xmPfP
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : I Do Think We Need To Have A Bigger , Broader Conversation About # Him ( @ georgesoros ) & amp ; What His Organization Is Doing…
https : //t.co/coTZ05uQgO
https : //t.co/3xDiJfLoRm
`` The widespread conception in the U.S. in particular is that Israeli gun laws are liberal . This is incorrect . Israel has strict gun laws . But at the same time , it has mandatory conscription in the military . '' https : //t.co/2KsQuoW8cj
https : //t.co/34sYQFrCxG
`` I know a lot more than you all do now , so all I ’ m going to say is , yes , I believe there needs to be a full investigation . '' https : //t.co/aygvTXWUGt
https : //t.co/o0tFBIY0Uw
https : //t.co/ARLfR5buJG
DrewScanlonBlinking.gif https : //t.co/py2YKeRyz0
https : //t.co/vAZpKHBaTv
https : //t.co/J3CPve2R4I
FFRF said it was taking action on behalf of a “ concerned citizen , ” although city officials say no individual has complained to the city about the mural . City officials added that FFRF ’ s complaint does not accurately identify the mural ’ s location . https : //t.co/zGErTF85hs
https : //t.co/KUceSeCTwq
https : //t.co/HAPvf7iM88
https : //t.co/sadknJQA8c
RT @ MichelleDiana : This little guy tried to follow me into the White House today for a last minute @ WhiteHouse briefing https : //t.co/CFIrew…
https : //t.co/99Bral3OdW
Imagine working in the sweatshop that made these . https : //t.co/xShQuYYqWs
https : //t.co/iBN7WLdVzA
https : //t.co/CIKEBA9QfN
https : //t.co/BeMuTyjvCR
https : //t.co/Kh1IezKHwf
https : //t.co/hV594rkeuP
Teachers with guns -- how scary !

That 's the point . https : //t.co/mOIaUorZUX
https : //t.co/8dSEDlDCJy
https : //t.co/NHxuNSRoXf
`` Incompetence and dereliction of duty . '' https : //t.co/fDXb6TjRDm
`` It ’ s absolutely outrageous to me that at the CNN town hall , we had the sheriff , who was virtue signaling against the NRA and against guns when he didn ’ t act properly . '' https : //t.co/ibCfPcG9lR
https : //t.co/mXHmZH0c9q
https : //t.co/uqzbtbFc4z
https : //t.co/7pDQWSD88g
https : //t.co/QmnKPnuaL3
@ AaronKleinShow What Winer omits — and Aaron Klein discovered — is that his `` legal and consulting practice , '' where he was a senior vice president , did extensive pro bono work for the Clinton Global Initiative ... for almost a decade .
@ AaronKleinShow Winer admits that he worked for Bill Clinton 's administration through the '90s -- then returned to the State Dept . in 2013 under Kerry/Obama .

In between ? `` After 1999 , I left the State Department and developed a legal and consulting practice that often involved Russian matters . ''
@ AaronKleinShow `` Given that I had not worked with Shearer and knew that he was not a professional intelligence officer , I did not mention or share his notes with anyone at the State Department , '' Winer wrote .

`` But I learned later that Steele did share them — with the FBI . ''
@ AaronKleinShow Winer said that he passed on information from Cody Shearer , another Clinton hatchet man , to Steele — some similar oppo research claiming Russia had compromising info on Trump . Winer described Shearer as a `` journalist , '' omitting his connections to Clinton World .
@ AaronKleinShow Winer said he had been friends with Christopher Steele — the former British spy who authored the infamous `` pee '' dossier with $ $ from Fusion GPS , the DNC , and the Clinton Campaign via Perkins Coie — since 2009 .
Very important investigation from @ AaronKleinShow :

A couple weeks ago , WaPo ran an op-ed from a man named Jonathan Winer titled : `` Devin Nunes is investigating me . Here ’ s the truth . '' https : //t.co/IblaikbdBz
RT @ AaronKleinShow : ‘ Pee ’ Dossier Origins Exposed : https : //t.co/63rP5JPxa4
https : //t.co/jvQ10vGmNv
RT @ gehrig38 : Scott Perry for the PA 4th joins me , Frances Martel and Matt Boyle of Breitbart ! 877 240 1776
https : //t.co/vVehE72jWf
https : //t.co/jSzefNDT6t
https : //t.co/EXxs2lPY4c
https : //t.co/2SIZbFk7yo
https : //t.co/hrHpaomaUI
https : //t.co/9owV1FnKTI
https : //t.co/Fg9j8rqFGl
https : //t.co/lA8jEAYA5b
https : //t.co/8nPxTM3o0E
https : //t.co/2BmgCQBHyK
https : //t.co/stC4AJMQ0a
https : //t.co/ifhSIQwpD5
https : //t.co/uMBxmcJcgU
https : //t.co/iXQjEwqIq8
https : //t.co/MEuHSABnW6
https : //t.co/y5WV7mxxNI
https : //t.co/uCZw9KCWNN
https : //t.co/bPUBjCT5Hv
https : //t.co/mLP0JEOO7l
https : //t.co/2tBcPGPlEY
https : //t.co/z4E5dFyIUg
https : //t.co/J0hGf3eJnl
https : //t.co/4KtyqCtzRj
https : //t.co/Q0uRRReAba
https : //t.co/qowyCx225L
Icelandic lawmakers are considering a law that would ban the circumcision of boys for non-medical reasons , making it the first European country to do so . https : //t.co/995P7xEAhv
`` You got to put an end to Teddy Kennedy ’ s 1965 immigration act . Just so Teddy could have a legacy , we have to live with twice as many mass shootings . '' https : //t.co/IL3rmOYDMH
`` The NRA had nothing at all to do with the failure of that school ’ s security preparedness , the failure of America ’ s mental health system , the failure of the National Instant Check System or the cruel failures of both federal and local law enforcement . '' https : //t.co/RXlv0lJRW3
So @ brianstelter did n't mention @ DrewGriffinCNN siccing rabid conspiracy theorists on the Facebook page of an elderly woman who supported Trump ? 🤔 https : //t.co/3sqgg42NWc
“ I see a child who is injured . He needs love . He needs care . I have it . I can give it. ” https : //t.co/8o80x4rrnm
“ We must be a warm , welcoming nation . We must never crush the new diversity and freedoms. ” https : //t.co/KbR8qT2cYZ
Temper tantrum . https : //t.co/Kdi65SvxyB
. @ MichelleMalkin has been through the logs of the calls to police , including one time when Cruz reportedly `` held a gun up to his mom ’ s head . '' According to the latest @ browardsheriff statement , this was not initially deemed an `` arrestable offense . '' https : //t.co/jIwfKSXyGk
Oh Em Xi ! https : //t.co/cz4xzn0aj9
Nigerian girls as young as 13 who were told they would be looking after children or working as hairdressers in Europe were forced into sex slavery . https : //t.co/oalYmk0SQm
https : //t.co/pAg04b6Vey
https : //t.co/2RXKwP3SOf
https : //t.co/DLbFRmFnZJ
https : //t.co/tikIzN3Dzg
https : //t.co/T2c1az85dN
https : //t.co/hMA2IEaF2F
https : //t.co/371FOUune0
https : //t.co/yDOy3o4PrC
https : //t.co/GT57tj26eY
https : //t.co/lMwGQSnEFK
https : //t.co/6eqFSG1INd
https : //t.co/fFaD43FVeS
https : //t.co/dnrHgcuVbN
https : //t.co/1QGUu0LSD7
https : //t.co/RIlgd0j2D5
https : //t.co/C1xPy9VVuL
The Federalist Papers would be a good start . https : //t.co/C530Zji5pB
https : //t.co/YvZDTAfAOD
https : //t.co/IHyWQ7Ke8B
https : //t.co/WNv0XXSU0Z
https : //t.co/rbWbARZ6jc
https : //t.co/lOgF45OQC5
https : //t.co/IGQnXvKrip
Somehow Sheriff Israel omitted this detail when he went on TV to lecture the NRA . https : //t.co/LZQsFjFV3Q
`` Folks , the data on this could not be more clear . People with mental illness are far more likely to be victims of crime than perpetrate them . '' https : //t.co/OMgFDNePWF
https : //t.co/mk4pYaJ1j5
https : //t.co/1tg0zkSF4N
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : . @ michellemalkin joined Breitbart News Tonight to discuss the Parkland Florida school shooting and why it is easier to…
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Hosting @ BreitbartNews Saturday live from @ CPAC on @ SiriusXMPatriot - Channel 125 ! # CPAC2018 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Q9AWfFNqMr
https : //t.co/DpQD7hCnjO
https : //t.co/rbDXqSM26f
https : //t.co/qXRC4RitJl
https : //t.co/kB1YzuHiII
`` I don ’ t care what time of day or night you watch CNN , you are being treated to entire , full-fledged , undiluted , raw delusionment — unhinged mental illness . '' https : //t.co/w0HpNMGXJX
https : //t.co/P51jOgvoQd
Oh sheol yes brother https : //t.co/gvAPPcpK5d
The Federalist Papers would be a good start . https : //t.co/Hah4O8gmWp
16 months later ... https : //t.co/6OyjNlEvp8
VVVVVV Fashion VVVVVV https : //t.co/xUmXKGcWdq
“ I ’ m not an advocate of female genital mutilation but I am an advocate of female circumcision. ” https : //t.co/zydFDniwrZ
https : //t.co/m4uAubrvXG
https : //t.co/h61vRA8ztj
https : //t.co/2VkBPAY0Mk
https : //t.co/RCupYqhY8W
https : //t.co/2qkbi0g7uE
https : //t.co/mOXTUHYail
https : //t.co/9hFQv5OMIo
https : //t.co/mpwQHKBpil
https : //t.co/BfjTZkvzLV
https : //t.co/1cHFv7bfRh
https : //t.co/j3m8oHkXvv
https : //t.co/bbpLEBgEMI
https : //t.co/gfTpT4uP5O
https : //t.co/8M5SThWfYF
The plot thiccens . https : //t.co/N06uwZsvsc
https : //t.co/MiOViKlg5h
“ My uncle taught we were one blood – Acts 17:26 – we could be brothers and sisters because we were one blood — not colorblind . We could see living color — but human beings. ” https : //t.co/cxpOaB4jJG
https : //t.co/OGzUx4jK4O
With great power comes great responsibility . https : //t.co/E5FKN1C7f0
AFP headline : https : //t.co/pXVFmKluQA
RT @ brandondarby : If the CNN report is true , some of your deputies hid outside while kids were getting murdered in the school . If accurate , …
This tweet has not aged well . https : //t.co/fnPOFkG9je
https : //t.co/CgYhYAZpHt
Somehow Sheriff Israel omitted this detail when he went on TV to lecture the NRA . https : //t.co/ZJeHBCUa3o
“ I will let General Kelly make that decision and he ’ s going to do what ’ s right for the country. ” https : //t.co/03sW0CGUaY
https : //t.co/emqfEjY4aT
RT @ MrNashington : I was at the CPAC social media censorship panel . Big applause from the audience after @ CassandraRules asked how the APP F…
https : //t.co/nIAGeoBsQg
W͉ ̰̝̱̝̤͎̭A̲͚̖ ̛̳̣͓͎͓̟̮M̤ E͎̬͎̮̮͈̪ ̨̗̻̬̭N̤͈̖
̤A̩̙̜͟
̴̙̖̼͇M̧̪̦̖̫̭
͕͓͔͕̮͍E̵̘̮̗̪
̙̟̝̕ͅN̜͎͙ https : //t.co/ZAXO4OJvIG
RT @ MichelleDiana : UK ’ s Nigel Farage says supporting Donald Trump was the best decision of his life - @ Nigel_Farage at # CPAC # CPAC2018 http…
RT @ BreitbartVideo : Rush Limbaugh : ‘ If Anybody ’ s Mentally Ill , It Is the Combined Employment at CNN ' https : //t.co/uA33c8mdQC by @ pamkeyNEN
https : //t.co/EkAJozxX5z
RT @ CPAC : . @ RaheemKassam introduces @ Nigel_Farage at # CPAC2018 . # CPAC # ATimeForAction https : //t.co/23uRv4ROte
RT @ charliespiering : Full house for @ Nigel_Farage speech @ CPAC https : //t.co/LjX0Bt2Gv1
RT @ LeaveEUOfficial : WATCH | @ RaheemKassam at @ CPAC talking about the `` Brexit nullification process '' well under way in the UK , led by the l…
https : //t.co/rp7HqveAUE
https : //t.co/dGlo6qt1mV
https : //t.co/KsHgwBg4kS
https : //t.co/aYoyHp1X9S
RT @ charliespiering : Maga headband @ CPAC https : //t.co/f15M2b65Jl
`` Folks , the data on this could not be more clear . People with mental illness are far more likely to be victims of crime than perpetrate them . '' https : //t.co/Tg7bmCLEBW
DO NOT CLICK , these are cursed images : https : //t.co/imC8bdKSoM
RT @ AdelleNaz : . @ CPAC Persecution Panel : Middle East Will Be Less than Three Percent Christian in 10 Years https : //t.co/qR00CPChyU @ Breitb…
RT @ kristina_wong : . @ StephenMoore says US GDP is at 3.9 % growth . `` We have not had 4 percent growth in more than 20 years . '' # CPAC2018
https : //t.co/HQtTwpIZIN
The plot thiccens . https : //t.co/ZJOIlHmMeC
https : //t.co/RFiMUVc3u2
https : //t.co/lnkI9HfDUZ
RT @ MichelleDiana : “ Seal the border ... seal the border ... seal the damn border ... build the damn wall ” @ SheriffClarke at # CPAC # CPAC2018 https…
https : //t.co/WZVgoea60x
https : //t.co/3bbkBrWnMx
https : //t.co/PnDdxGVP9Q
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ CPAC had to literally expand the room for @ realDonaldTrump — first time ever for a speaker at this venue . ( They ’ ve be…
https : //t.co/mhIuSqkYRu
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ realDonaldTrump slips in the news at the end : “ We imposed today the heaviest sanctions ever on North Korea . ”
RT @ brandondarby : Uber bad spin . A government guy had a gun and didn ’ t protect children . The non-government good guys who ran toward fire d…
RT @ kristina_wong : . @ realDonaldTrump : “ Women unemployment is at the lowest level in 18 years . Wages are rising for the first time in many m…
RT @ LibertarianBlue : https : //t.co/J0zWH7x8BS
RT @ joelpollak : This is so stupid . The good guy was not in the school . He came to the school and stayed outside . # fakenews @ CillizzaCNN htt…
RT @ charliespiering : What ’ s great is that Trump brought a copy of the The Snake on paper just in case - not in the teleprompter @ CPAC
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ realDonaldTrump brings out the snake 🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
RT @ SeanMoran3 : President Trump @ realDonaldTrump at # CPAC2018 : ‘ Piece by Piece by Piece , Obamacare Is Being Wiped Out ’
https : //t.co/nEwKee…
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ realDonaldTrump on immigration : “ I want people who have skills , who can support themselves financially , who can contr…
RT @ kristina_wong : Trump : `` The Senate Democrats have totally abandoned DACA ... It 's very possible that DACA wo n't happen . '' # CPAC2018
https : //t.co/KEVzfdIJLw
RT @ MichelleDiana : “ We want our cities to be sanctuaries for law abiding Americans ” - @ POTUS Donald Trump @ realDonaldTrump at # CPAC # CPAC20…
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ realDonaldTrump says he ’ d rather arm someone who loves their students , than someone who ‘ s just standing outside . “ A t…
RT @ AdelleNaz : President @ realDonaldTrump specifically mentioned the loss of # MeadowPollack , 18 , who was among the 17 innocent victims of t…
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : “ This was a sick person , very sick and we had a lot of warning ... this wasn ’ t a surprise . Some said it was a surprise i…
RT @ kristina_wong : Trump says there are armed guards at banks and other places , and it 's time to make schools a harder target . # CPAC2018
RT @ MichelleDiana : President Donald Trump says you don ’ t want 100 guards around the school , “ you do a concealed carry permit ” # CPAC # CPAC20…
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : . @ realDonaldTrump specifically taking time to remember @ BillyGraham and his memory : “ He deserves to be in the [ U.S. Cap…
https : //t.co/TZPQuam3Zj
RT @ MichelleDiana : “ Faith and faith , not government and bureaucracy are at the center of American life , because in American we don ’ t worshi…
RT @ AdelleNaz : 'We salute the American flag , we put our hands over our hearts for the Pledge of Allegiance , and we all proudly stand for th…
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : ” In America , we don ’ t worship government , we worship God ” — @ realDonaldTrump at # CPAC2018
RT @ kristina_wong : Trump : Every time people say he 's not going to build the wall , `` It gets ten feet higher ! '' # CPAC2018
RT @ kristina_wong : . @ RealDonaldTrump : `` After years of rebuilding other nations ... we are finally rebuilding our nation . '' # CPAC2018
RT @ AdelleNaz : 'We officially recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . You know , every president campaigned on this , and they never p…
RT @ kristina_wong : . @ realDonaldTrump gives a shoutout to @ RepMarkMeadows and @ Jim_Jordan , @ freedomcaucus founders . # CPAC2018
RT @ charliespiering : `` We 've got seven years to go folks ! '' Trump says . @ CPAC crowd goes nuts !
https : //t.co/SFVspQv4fh
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : “ They will take away your Second Amendment which we will never allow to happen ” -- @ realDonaldTrump on Democrats vs Rep…
RT @ charliespiering : Trump came in with a prepared speech - but quickly switched to an energetic off the cuff speech lighting up the @ CPAC…
RT @ kristina_wong : Crowd chanting “ LOCK HER UP ! ” at # CPAC2018 .
RT @ MichelleDiana : Crowd chants “ USA , USA , USA ” as @ POTUS Donald Trump takes the stage at # CPAC # CPAC2018 https : //t.co/VgTNci6ZEP
RT @ charliespiering : A guy screaming and throwing Russian flags disrupted Trump speech - `` How did he get in there Matt ? '' Trump quips
Is this the first time Trump has admitted to having a `` bald spot '' ? # CPAC2018
RT @ kristina_wong : Trump starting out his # CPAC2018 speech very statesmanlike . Then he sees a big screen pic of himself and goes off script…
https : //t.co/TVuUqYsqxs
RT @ josephlawler : Breitbart style guide for the prime minister of Canada https : //t.co/ABtWdOXJux
Ratio 'd in & lt ; 10 minutes https : //t.co/6ptBOY4iUv
https : //t.co/qDoevD9quG
Griffin is the same CNN correspondent who ambushed an elderly woman at her home , directing angry conspiracy theorists to harass her on Facebook . https : //t.co/BzM9d8h6lt
https : //t.co/BlzM1S18Op
https : //t.co/cl4HbNdS7F
https : //t.co/OVZqEhGJqG
RT @ TomlinsonCJ : https : //t.co/jLiHhqw9Bj On @ BreitbartXM last night discussing @ Marion_M_Le_Pen and her CPAC speech with hockey fans @ RAMan…
https : //t.co/84PFPeABLR
https : //t.co/LjQnlYAJ30
RT @ SebGorka : Live now on @ SiriusXMPatriot with @ MarlowNYC !
748amET
@ BreitbartNews https : //t.co/5h2yLFMG8S
🎯 https : //t.co/ugG5x2oePE
https : //t.co/2fEHYX0kfI
`` There are a lot of advantages here and I believe if people will listen to us I can talk about those advantages , and give them an opportunity to find holes in the program . '' https : //t.co/0pCAzfGeoT
https : //t.co/KMpuiROipp
https : //t.co/Pg9aCd3qxw
https : //t.co/PxTSFOCTBn
https : //t.co/3o9qYPipPI
https : //t.co/9AeRRUggvk
`` ... filing false tax returns from 2010 through 2014 ... ''
`` through 2014 ''
`` through 2014 ''
`` through 2014 ''
`` through 2014 ''
`` through 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 ''
`` 2014 '' https : //t.co/F9BNIn1dk4
“ I was blaming myself and I was miserable—because I was saying , ‘ This is nothing ; this guy reached around and he copped a feel. ’ That summer wore on—and I can ’ t remember what I went on to work on next. ” https : //t.co/2sv9ShkZ79
`` The typical American perpetrator is a young man with paranoid schizophrenia — or , as we ’ re now euphemistically calling it , 'autism ' — probably exacerbated by pot , a deadly combo platter . '' https : //t.co/r7eB2EZC87
https : //t.co/I0K4K9m12a
https : //t.co/ut5jzFvZDR
https : //t.co/z3IJrWzSqJ
https : //t.co/wUHxbEdJJQ
https : //t.co/FGHimpkrAc
https : //t.co/gLwOqhvPjt
https : //t.co/EC91f4UaLD
https : //t.co/VyfsugErSE
https : //t.co/lJxKQGIEAt
https : //t.co/y4e3eoSNfX
`` Opioids kill . They don ’ t care if you ’ re black , white , Hispanic , boy , girl , gay , straight , young , old , rich , poor ; they don ’ t care. ” https : //t.co/C8UGfMuUUn
https : //t.co/qGzlzMua2t
RT @ BreitbartTech : Russell Simmons Working on ‘ Spiritual Maintenance ’ in Bali After Multiple Rape Accusations .
via @ MrNashington
https : //t.…
https : //t.co/REL5WM8EKp
https : //t.co/YtO9Gkmcli
https : //t.co/z7XTYiCeYS
same https : //t.co/zDq2x29Je4
https : //t.co/llEbgzCOkI
https : //t.co/LuYnIpRdG5
https : //t.co/EAFW7ooYzi
https : //t.co/ITAHMPrKXA
`` In two months , they ’ d be begging for us to come back . '' https : //t.co/nMlRR5AILV
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Breitbart London Editor @ RaheemKassam representing @ BreitbartNews on stage at @ CPAC today ! 🇬🇧 # CPAC2018 https : //t.co/xbjO…
https : //t.co/hbfaEaeXve
RT @ ddale8 : The Hoover Institution 's Erielle Davidson says Russia 's goal `` was to subvert and to create chaos. ” Breitbart 's Kassam interject…
https : //t.co/toQD9PKm35
https : //t.co/67yraz0hYF
https : //t.co/YUV52e9gXr
RT @ charliespiering : High energy @ CPAC crowd for @ VP https : //t.co/4AVpeeY90M
The crowd also booed Loesch when she referred to a rape survivor who supports gun rights . https : //t.co/WOQ0YICDnk
https : //t.co/ERF6hTyuyK
https : //t.co/nBKzZ1MPMe
https : //t.co/2oicy2wDcx
https : //t.co/UNEzxu0yYo
https : //t.co/aeqvjzuI0S
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Tune in now for a special live Video Broadcast of @ BreitbartNews Daily LIVE from @ CPAC on @ SiriusXMPatriot Ch 125 ! Give…
https : //t.co/qw5zdE2gH2
https : //t.co/7DOetFfBAE
https : //t.co/71v5mbVabz
RT @ SiriusXMPatriot : Our live @ CPAC 2018 coverage begins this morning with @ BreitbartNews Daily . Tune in @ SiriusXM # Patriot 125 # CPAC2018…
RT @ SarahPalinUSA : Exclusive -- Sarah Palin : ‘ Billy Graham Profoundly Changed Me and My Entire Family ’ | Breitbart https : //t.co/QnXBw1Qxh2
https : //t.co/pGpdn0WYTO
https : //t.co/eJh11TBLWr
https : //t.co/VFr6rwbjGC
https : //t.co/wB1pBCNdLM
https : //t.co/AQGru2oOO4
JUST https : //t.co/OxA7NTEmxA
https : //t.co/bYT0alJdc2
https : //t.co/2vYC8Vt4aw
https : //t.co/K5NE7DGGc1
https : //t.co/6ukccuUwNz
https : //t.co/4hdTnbnYGa
https : //t.co/HxXhIWUlSZ
https : //t.co/ZCOH4TSmdf
`` I was outside for 5 minutes . I would have stood in the snow for that dress because I love fashion and that was my choice . '' https : //t.co/LEpL4QdzSN
https : //t.co/0fqeV5yET4
https : //t.co/QJvFZGzk4D
https : //t.co/QlOlzcidkA
`` He chose to obey God rather than man , and he turned the world upside down . '' https : //t.co/cMthqvdAir
“ I sincerely regret that there have been instances where I have not exhibited leadership behaviors consistent with the principles that the Company and I have always espoused , ” Raj Nair said . https : //t.co/7uIVxPmJRX
`` Let ’ s turn a negative into a positive ... I want them to say , ‘ Look , we are not profiting off the deaths of children . We are not going to take the blood money . ' '' https : //t.co/rnenA8j6Xs
https : //t.co/n7yXKajyh5
RT @ LibertarianBlue : EXCLUSIVE : Former Twitter Employee Blames Head of 'Trust and Safety ' Del Harvey for Mass # TwitterLockout | Breitbart h…
https : //t.co/ZA15Vdv26g
More necessary than ever — Sign up for `` Down Range , '' the special # 2A newsletter curated by @ AWRHawkins : https : //t.co/uiQMKKgtL1
https : //t.co/LfvhZgBa6K
https : //t.co/ixOSaSYHgz
https : //t.co/ENSYMKU3wD
https : //t.co/7E4RxDslKD
https : //t.co/SXmZi5ucso
RT @ MrNashington : Jordan Peterson gets held accountable for `` fans '' of his who insult Cathy Newman , but CNN does n't seem to be held accounta…
Hence why HanA**holeSolo apologized and ghosted himself : https : //t.co/9lU7jZ1pXf
https : //t.co/bypcw72NzK
`` I was outside for 5 minutes . I would have stood in the snow for that dress because I love fashion and that was my choice . '' https : //t.co/tSA4dqVk59
https : //t.co/6jTVaZJ0kV
https : //t.co/Brt4FORv73
`` Perhaps what ’ s most striking is how closely some of [ their ] points seem to mirror talking points tweeted out a couple days earlier by , wait for it , CNN . '' https : //t.co/XK15hNfHVi
https : //t.co/teghv9XUpO
https : //t.co/6xqMckIMRV
“ People are saying this is conversion therapy . That can not be further from the truth. ” https : //t.co/Sx8G2K7XN2
https : //t.co/UqywnyB7KQ
https : //t.co/py1KkfGEBw
https : //t.co/Dk28rNbF4g
https : //t.co/i3Db2FTSy8
https : //t.co/2Kep6pC8LG
https : //t.co/Ei7mJBIhrG
https : //t.co/sflBxH6JsO
RT @ charliespiering : President Reagan presented the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Billy Graham in 1983

`` As a deeply committed Christia…
RT @ charliespiering : - @ realDonaldTrump and Melania attended Billy Graham ’ s 95th Birthday in 2013

https : //t.co/k0Vk4leAnT https : //t.co/JH…
Breaking : https : //t.co/P5MCssdgwi
The White House said Jared Kushner will not be affected by any policy changes made regarding security clearances , even though he still has an interim security clearance 13 months into the job . https : //t.co/Qo8BwVP66m
RT @ PamelaGeller : BREAKING : Pamela Geller on Breitbart Radio : CPAC SOCIAL MEDIA CENSORSHIP PANEL CANCELLED https : //t.co/zr8avhomnw https : //…
https : //t.co/BEpg4LJO9c
https : //t.co/JDXwv2AT34
https : //t.co/nYPJ2AMdid
“ Let anyone suggest that we actually take steps inside these schools to be able to respond to these incidents when they happen and people say , ‘ You can ’ t do that , you can ’ t take guns in schools . ' ” https : //t.co/L0ggLzbKSg
“ The Russian subversion of the 2016 election did not , to be sure , kill nearly 3,000 people . But ... '' https : //t.co/BlqJ3blQZa
https : //t.co/u6iBAZeYNm
https : //t.co/5ccBSGuTAz
https : //t.co/Vu3dgcGR58
https : //t.co/Vu7nkUhVIb
https : //t.co/BgoQvpx8g0
... https : //t.co/0TQINiXg05
https : //t.co/kgeX80OhgE
https : //t.co/baKhhJDmMk
https : //t.co/gaZfZzFRdX
https : //t.co/AOFNm82i52
https : //t.co/8ep0G4jWfK
TFW you inherited a broke country https : //t.co/gDUt0r63l5
“ I don ’ t think Muhammad Ali tried to get a reward for [ speaking on social issues ] . I don ’ t think Jim Brown or Bill Russell or Jackie Robinson , and the list goes on , tried to get a reward for it. ” https : //t.co/nryQ6ECRYj
Overall , alcohol use disorders were associated with a three-fold higher risk of all types of dementia . https : //t.co/rd1sTo6gAv
https : //t.co/lnace2TbjT
https : //t.co/tHB1bvFkq9
https : //t.co/lW5EdTQ299
RT @ francesmartel : Whoever had `` Breitbart News '' in the pool of which English language source would pick up Cuba banning that Yomil y el Dan…
https : //t.co/0FmqrWpNNd
https : //t.co/i1sMHaEfT0
The Cave ( 2005 ) https : //t.co/ScrZlgvlhC
https : //t.co/UIeNEfQ7lG
https : //t.co/JoGAiFtEXM
“ As an inclusive employer who champions equality , we simply couldn ’ t stand by knowing our co-workers fear for their lives because of who they are. ” https : //t.co/c8gvbc06Bv
https : //t.co/2lDxXcMYpH
`` Every school in the country is supposed to be a gun-free zone . If gun control worked , how come it didn ’ t work ? We have to be realistic . '' https : //t.co/Wl11gLy1AL
https : //t.co/QYVuO3h3tT
https : //t.co/7tljfKSV1u
https : //t.co/FnRpAbiSDK
https : //t.co/XSf1snlDp1
https : //t.co/tTblSmqOD8
https : //t.co/GA0ChEDCdD
https : //t.co/cUcwioCjk4
https : //t.co/vlFxRbmYxq
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) has *yet again* been caught exaggerating ‘ global warming ’ by fiddling with the raw temperature data . https : //t.co/tVriUQtr99
https : //t.co/sRixiubFcx
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : So busy prepping for @ BreitbartNews ’ @ CPAC coverage I forgot to share this yesterday : @ GOP ’ s @ Paduch on @ SiriusXMPatrio…
https : //t.co/8XFKnAoiJT
. @ NolteNC : `` What should worry us are the lies . The media continue to reassure us their gun control laws will not affect us , will not result in confiscation , will only keep guns away from evildoers . '' https : //t.co/dnQIMOFjKU
https : //t.co/iTdk97k8k4
https : //t.co/5mpCKOznUH
https : //t.co/Xm7LYA9M1q
https : //t.co/60jJBrgHy2
🙃 https : //t.co/sHN6GCW1Kd
https : //t.co/DSABtG13as
https : //t.co/FRSjYHy9KW
https : //t.co/b4OJiTbSyS
https : //t.co/e8ebpVBd7g
https : //t.co/bsl1zalOMs
https : //t.co/OZZm53RuKr
https : //t.co/Womyimyoxf
https : //t.co/d5rhpEZqnv
https : //t.co/QV6IBtEcCV
https : //t.co/eUh9F7rPCu
https : //t.co/1ioabjtJ0z
https : //t.co/1z4HmFC076
https : //t.co/gtNmCXhELN
https : //t.co/qH6b5Q9JGw
https : //t.co/4mtUExt900
https : //t.co/uAobVHMzIW
https : //t.co/I2xqcYMJCN
https : //t.co/51KXMPnq1N
https : //t.co/CqUjPIdMYS
https : //t.co/hY5j4BQ9VW
https : //t.co/jk5cmXVBeb
https : //t.co/9D51uTjxlf
https : //t.co/yu0gXmjH9p
https : //t.co/VcMFad7pie
https : //t.co/mngyH9MNgX
`` Not once , not on camera , not on Twitter , not anywhere . '' https : //t.co/bnqobSQrtm
https : //t.co/AOEAGVxti5
RT @ JxhnBinder : CPAC panel on immigration :
David Bier , Cato Institute
Rep. Michael Burgess ( TX-26 )
Ralph Z. Hallow , Washington Times
Scott…
https : //t.co/fN1ubdrAdi
https : //t.co/4s82tUZiil
https : //t.co/K95asLN71T
🌌🧠 https : //t.co/gMwWt0EiJW
https : //t.co/Tu6ojvXMt5
“ Because of you , young people will finally see superheroes that look like them on the big screen. ” https : //t.co/kf3ry0wCU5
. @ JoelPollak : `` Thanks to Democrats and the media , we are reduced to debating gun laws and regulations that we know would not have prevented the shooting in Parkland , or elsewhere . '' https : //t.co/6h0AnHZH2d
https : //t.co/rS92yoJGrj
RT @ MrNashington : The puns on the CPAC schedule ... https : //t.co/xQmXfEF83O
RT @ BreitbartTech : Donald Trump Fuels Viral ‘ Loser CNN ’ Meme .
via @ charliespiering
https : //t.co/Y6MZhYupGO https : //t.co/y4mZYtHUl7
https : //t.co/siJWkgAVJp
“ Christianity is Europe ’ s last hope. ” https : //t.co/hyZphGaUid
https : //t.co/b0oYs7NroY
Drawl.exe https : //t.co/1ludWYgcqg
https : //t.co/P0pMoxYzPs
https : //t.co/ymOxf3fELu
This is branded as a `` report '' — not an op-ed . https : //t.co/CZZzVHmHfW
RT @ brandondarby : Improvised Explosive Device Found at Border Bridge to Texas https : //t.co/v62IBcpo48 via @ BreitbartTexas
https : //t.co/CDJ7K7F4yd
https : //t.co/MtIIaQd7hr
https : //t.co/i9vJw0ZIsv
https : //t.co/zRM07LIZ5h
https : //t.co/vTuOcBVlff
https : //t.co/0rjuMyNiyo
https : //t.co/HJK61kea2x
🇻🇦🇻🇦🇻🇦 https : //t.co/sw37sknOix
https : //t.co/RCFH380nud
https : //t.co/NkbjfGmy7D
The Switch ( 2010 ) https : //t.co/BEKGdhJznL
RT @ AmandaLeeHouse : Thank you Senator @ BillCassidy for joining me on @ BreitbartNews Radio this weekend ! https : //t.co/Ib9y3LZY0c
RT @ BrandonLewis : Why your vote in next week 's local election matters 👇 https : //t.co/TlUAZL5xnD
We 're creating a Veterans ' Taskforce that will ensure our veterans always get
the help and opportunities they need after their incredible service to this country 🇬🇧💪 https : //t.co/VRN9sQnGp6
RT @ JustineGreening : What fantastic news ! Many congratulations🌈 ! ! https : //t.co/2vcxIUHDKF
RT @ theresa_may : Wonderful news ! I 'm very happy for you and Jen . https : //t.co/SIyyEw66X7
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Our little family of three is becoming four ... . https : //t.co/Wpfk5eOaky
RT @ vickyford : Am so delighted by this news - thank you to @ theresecoffey @ michaelgove @ JamesCleverly @ BrandonLewis @ spelmanc @ cj_dinenage…
Why your vote in next week 's local election matters 👇 https : //t.co/8U3hSye7Ld
RT @ beisgovuk : New £1bn # AISectorDeal to make UK a global leader in AI - seizing multi-billion £ economic opportunity & amp ; harnessing innovati…
RT @ SamGyimah : Beer brewed by artificial intelligence ? Yep , that ’ s what I saw first-hand today @ IntelligentX_ai – an example of how AI coul…
Business Secretary @ GregClarkMP : `` Artificial intelligence provides limitless opportunities to develop new , efficient and accessible products and services which transform the way we live and work . ''
. @ MattHancock on the importance of AI skills : `` By boosting AI skills and data driven technologies we will make sure that we continue to build a Britain that is shaping the future . ''
RT @ MattHancock : It might not be the Matt Hancock app , but today I ’ m posting on Snapchat to document the launch of our £1 billion # AISector…
The new A.I . deal by numbers :

Investment into 🇬🇧 : £1bn
Leading tech companies contributing : 50+
New A.I . PhDs created : 1000
New specialist computer teachers to be trained : 8000

Fit for the future.🌳 https : //t.co/Vurqfej38d
Local elections on May 3 will decide how your local services are run and how much you pay for them . Things like :

♻️ Street cleaning
🗑 Rubbish collection
🚗 Road repairs
👵 Helping the elderly

Conservative councillors deliver better services in your area & amp ; lower taxes for you https : //t.co/q7Ow2Sm5i5
Make sure you watch @ theresa_may on Windrush immigration .
# PMQs https : //t.co/3OtjGa7BBP
RT @ BorisJohnson : An honour to attend the wreath laying ceremony to commemorate # ANZAC day . The brave and selfless sacrifice of the Austral…
🚨 UK economy at a turning point klaxon 🚨

This week 's figures show borrowing is at its lowest for more than a decade . It matters because :

Debt is starting to fall ⬇️ as a share of our GDP & amp ; wages are rising ⬆️ , meaning everyone has a bit more money in their pockets . https : //t.co/vxlaEYyxub
We have been clear that we will leave the EU and the Customs Union .

That means we will be in a position to conduct our own trade policy and sign trade deals with countries around the world . # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : This is a generation that came here prior to 1973 , we are not ignoring the problems that some members of this generation…
Windrush generation migrants are British .

Those here before 1 January 1973 are offered immediate citizenship status .

We 're also waiving the citizenship fee and waiving the requirement to carry out a Knowledge of Language and Life in the UK test . # PMQs
RT @ DFID_UK : The UK is leading the response to the Syria crisis , providing lifesaving help to millions of Syrians - supporting first respon…
We are tackling unlawful lending and increasing the amount of money seized from loan sharks to support vulnerable victims . https : //t.co/NQzJYolwDf
. @ GavinWilliamson : 'On # AnzacDay we remember the sacrifice & amp ; courage of the men & amp ; women from Australia & amp ; New Zealand . Almost a century has passed since the end of the First World War & amp ; Britain is proud to have served side-by-side with them in many conflicts over the last 100yrs . ' https : //t.co/pHZDMrUpyP
🗣️ @ PhilipHammondUK on the fact that borrowing is at its lowest in over a decade :

`` Our economy is at a turning point with debt starting to fall and people ’ s wages rising , as we build an economy that truly works for everyone . '' https : //t.co/UeV1YYnT3r
RT @ RobertJenrick : The @ ONS confirm how far we ’ ve come in restoring the public finances - borrowing is at its lowest level since 2006 & amp ; we…
RT @ annietrev : A wonderful image from today 's unveiling of the Millicent Fawcett statue . She would be proud that @ theresa_may is the second…
RT @ hmtreasury : Today ’ s @ ons deficit stats show

the lowest March borrowing since 2004 👍🏿
the lowest full-year borrowing for over 10 years…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Our economy is at a turning point – and it ’ s thanks to the British people debt is falling . We have introduced the Nati…
RT @ mariacaulfield : Fabulous to have been at the unveiling of the statue to # MilicentFawcett in # ParliamentSquare with so many fabulous fem…
🗣️ @ theresa_may : 'Few of us can claim to have made an impact as significant , and lasting , as Dame Millicent . And it is right and proper that today she takes her place at the heart of our democracy . '

# MillicentFawcett # vote100 https : //t.co/VJaBSsoxPF
RT @ MariaMillerUK : Some of our amazing @ Conservatives women MPs at unveiling of # MillicentFawcett sculpture in Parliament Square today http…
RT @ Kirstene4Angus : Great to join so many colleagues at the Millicent # Fawcett statue unveiling today in Parliament Square . Great progress…
. @ Boss_Design in Dudley is a great West Midlands success story doing good business and getting more jobs into the area . What helps these places thrive ? Lower taxes and better local services . It 's stories like these we 're standing up for on May 3rd . 🗳 https : //t.co/WZ0HzPuGpz
RT @ spelmanc : Patiently awaiting the unveiling of # Parliament Square ’ s newest statue of Dame # MillicentFawcett . It is with thanks to her & amp ; …
RT @ cj_dinenage : Really looking forward to attending this later today . https : //t.co/jP3WdASldy
RT @ theresa_may : I would not be here today as PM , no female MPs would have taken their seats in Parliament , none of us would have the right…
🗣 @ theresa_may on why we celebrate the legacy of suffragist leader Dame Millicent Fawcett , whose statue , unveiling today , is the 1st female statue in Parliament square 💜💚 https : //t.co/J8BfJZ7lLh
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Today I set out the how we will offer the # WindrushGeneration greater rights than they currently enjoy by enabling them to…
Conservative MPs say why they 're proud to be English on St George 's Day 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 https : //t.co/kNCXmA7YL3
RT @ andy4wm : Fantastic to have the opportunity to take the PM to one of Dudley ’ s most innovative companies which exports world-class furnit…
`` Measures to encourage more women into the workplace through help with childcare and introducing shared parental leave . ''

✍️ @ theresa_may writes about the new statue of Dame Millicent Garrett Fawcett . https : //t.co/V70zqZ3i4D
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Warmest congratulations to William , Catherine , George and Charlotte as they welcome a new addition to the family . Love…
RT @ sajidjavid : Great article by @ theresa_may on importance of Millicent Fawcett statue in Parliament Square . Looking forward to joining un…
RT @ theresa_may : My warmest congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the birth of their baby boy . I wish them great happines…
It 's a boy ! Congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the birth of their third child . # RoyalBaby 👑 https : //t.co/3LeYYzt0Sa
Have a fantastic # StGeorgesDay ! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 https : //t.co/xXNEfGjb85
RT @ AlanMakMP : Happy # StGeorgesDay to everyone across the # Havant constituency and the country . Hope everyone attending the St George 's Day…
RT @ MarkLancasterMK : A very happy # StGeorgesDay . Fiercely proud to represent a seat in the heart of England and the U.K. # lovemk https : //t.…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Happy # StGeorgesDay https : //t.co/LUvc4a2TDb
🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑🗑

For better , more frequent bin collections , vote for your local Conservative councillors – delivering quality local services and lower taxes for you ♻️🗳 https : //t.co/T8O4v1Xk1U
RT @ sajidjavid : Happy # StGeorgesDay . Proud to be English and British . So much to celebrate , but best days lie ahead of us https : //t.co/0ZZV…
RT @ DHSCgovuk : We are announcing a £6million package to help the children of alcohol-dependent parents . Our series of measures will give th…
. @ DavidGauke on # Marr , as of today we have recruited net 3000 more officers vital to our plans to reduce violence , improve stability and intensify the focus on rehabilitation in our prisons https : //t.co/NWbmeYDJND
RT @ mhclg : Ahead of the unveiling the Millicent Fawcett statue in Parliament Sq on 24 April , we ’ re celebrating some of the many faces behin…
RT @ margot_james_mp : Fans must not be ripped off when going to see their favourite artists . We 're determined to protect the customer and th…
RT @ PinkNews : Home Secretary Amber Rudd : It ’ s vital we improve lives of LGBT people in UK and Commonwealth
https : //t.co/bMJCC2tqIf
RT @ MattHancock : Inspirational as ever to see so many dedicated individuals come together for the # LondonMarathon today , with an incredible…
RT @ hbaldwin : Good luck to all the amazing MPs running the # Marathon today https : //t.co/deKpC1ENv2
RT @ UK_Music : Welcome that Govt has listened to campaigners like @ FanFairAlliance . See comments by @ margot_james_mp on ensuring fans can se…
RT @ DavidMundellDCT : Good luck to my MP neighbour @ John2Win in @ LondonMarathon . He is raising money to help fight MND , the terrible degener…
RT @ John2Win : Some of the MPs getting ready to head to the start for @ LondonMarathon # LondonMarathon2018
# SpiritOfLondon
Good luck everyo…
RT @ AndrewGriffiths : Another important step to protect consumers buying tickets https : //t.co/QQHnIuEq1U
RT @ DominicRaab : Welcome intervention from Jeremy Hunt on the risks of social media for our children . I share those concerns , as a parent a…
RT @ BrandonLewis : A hugely important issue , rightly highlighted by @ Jeremy_Hunt this is something we all need to be aware of as parents & amp ; f…
Wishing a very happy 92nd birthday to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II . https : //t.co/bYovuSdRG5
Boris Johnson on why 12 years of quality education for girls is a right , not a privilege # LeaveNoGirlBehind https : //t.co/P2nVBFLRv5
🇦🇬
🇱🇨
🇧🇸
🇧🇧
🇧🇿
🇨🇦
🇩🇲
🇬🇩
🇬🇾
🇯🇲
🇰🇳
🇻🇨
🇹🇹
🇨🇾
🇲🇹
🇦🇺
🇫🇯
🇰🇮
🇳🇷
🇳🇿
🇵🇬
🇼🇸
🇸🇧
🇹🇴
🇹🇻
🇻🇺
🇧🇩
🇧🇳
🇮🇳
🇲🇾
🇲🇿
🇵🇰
🇸🇬
🇱🇰
🇧🇼
🇨🇲
🇬🇲
🇬🇭
🇰🇪
🇱🇸
🇲🇼
🇲🇺
🇳🇦
🇳🇬
🇷🇼
🇸🇨
🇸🇱
🇿🇦
🇸🇿
🇺🇬
🇹🇿
🇿🇲
🇬🇧

What it means : https : //t.co/RGoOVSZVrA
RT @ BrandonLewis : It was great to meet with the some of our sister parties from the Caribbean as part of # CHOGM18 and discuss how Conservat…
No more :

❌ Plastic straws
❌ Plastic stirrers
❌ Plastic cotton buds

@ michaelgove explains why ... https : //t.co/d8BGOr3C3R
RT @ mattwarman : The government is launching a consultation on banning plastic straws . @ theresa_may at # CHOGM2018 is making it clear that @ C…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Girls ’ education is the Swiss Army knife that solves a multitude of the world ’ s problems . Fantastic that HRH Prince Harry…
This month Home Secretary @ AmberRuddHR launched the Serious Violence Strategy , a multi-million pound commitment to steering young people away from crime and tackling violent drug-dealing gangs . # bbcqt https : //t.co/CivN6HIEZU
RT @ neil_parish : . @ michaelgove has a clear vision for the future . His war on plastic will remove non-degradable drinks straws , drinks stirr…
RT @ ZacGoldsmith : . @ michaelgove explaining why we are banning plastic straws , stirrers and plastic cotton buds . Fantastic news for the oce…
. @ brandonlewis on the campaign trail with our team in Sutton today – for better bin collections 🗑 , free car parking 🅿️ , quality local school places 📖 and keeping council tax low 📉 vote for your local Conservatives on 3rd May . https : //t.co/OpELDtx9rd
RT @ foreignoffice : HRH Prince Harry and Ms Markle attend Foreign Secretary @ BorisJohnson ’ s Girls ’ Education # CHOGM2018 reception .

12 years…
RT @ ZacGoldsmith : Fantastic news . Thank you @ theresa_may ! https : //t.co/WIer3UgGvB
We 're going to get rid of :

🥤 Plastic straws
☕️ Plastic stirrers
👂 Plastic cotton buds

Why ? @ MichaelGove explains ... https : //t.co/bzKv6SNQyx
RT @ BorisJohnson : Mazal Tov from the UK to the State of Israel on its 70th anniversary . Israel is a close friend and ally , and our relation…
🗣 @ Theresa_May pays tribute to Her Majesty The Queen , for her dedication and decades of service to The Commonwealth # CHOGM2018 https : //t.co/Bv2JJ7FNSK
`` It has the potential to increase trade by 20 % – reaching almost £500 billion by 2020 '' - @ LiamFox

Any guesses ? 🤔 https : //t.co/TNXTD0twoJ
RT @ theresa_may : We are clogging up one of the earth ’ s greatest natural resource with harmful plastic and – for the sake of this and future…
🗣 @ michaelgove explains why we 're taking further action on single-use items of plastic ♻️🌊 https : //t.co/K2P6R2ycBQ
🗣️ @ theresa_may at # CHOGM2018 on tackling plastic waste :

`` Plastic waste is one of the greatest environmental challenges facing the world , which is why protecting the marine environment is central to our agenda at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting . ''

♻️🌊 https : //t.co/WcqgMyrHXY
RT @ tradegovuk : . @ GregHands opens the London Stock Exchange @ LSEplc today with Nigeria ’ s Minister of Industry @ OkeyEnelamah - welcoming alm…
RT @ ToryDEFRA : Single-use plastics are a scourge on our seas and lethal to our environment and wildlife

@ michaelgove will ban the sale of…
RT @ foreignoffice : The UK is leading the way on marine protection 🌊

We 've announced £9 million to help 17 Commonwealth islands protect and…
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Yup , inflation down , unemployment down , jobs up and wages up . https : //t.co/aijXDagT0V
`` It has the potential to increase trade by 20 % – reaching almost £500 billion by 2020 '' - @ LiamFox

Any guesses ? 🤔 https : //t.co/AQrysMSgXM
RT @ Commonwealth18 : “ Nobody should face persecution or discrimination because of who they are or who they love , because the world has chang…
RT @ BorisJohnson : I ’ m committed to getting every girl to school , including in conflict zones and emergencies . Delighted to speak yesterday…
RT @ tradegovukIND : It 's official ! UK & amp ; India have signed the ambitious UK-India # TechPartnership which will pair businesses , universities & amp ; …
RT @ narendramodi : Wonderful meeting with Prime Minister @ theresa_may at 10 , Downing Street . We had fruitful discussions on multiple aspects…
RT @ HuddlestonNigel : Pleased that the UK is leveraging it 's cyber security leadership to help the commonwealth . https : //t.co/UIgLGzQADL
. @ theresa_may on sex-same discrimination : 'We stand ready to support any Commonwealth member wanting to reform outdated legislation that makes such discrimination possible . '
# PMQs
. @ theresa_may on the Commonwealth Games : 'I 'm very happy to congratulate @ TeamEngland on coming 2nd in the medals ' table and I 'm also very happy to congratulate Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland - all of whom had a very good Commonwealth Games . ''

# PMQs
. @ theresa_may : `` I 'm very pleased to see that in yesterday 's unemployment figures we see employment in this country at a record high . ''

# PMQs https : //t.co/e4r5kOnHvO
. @ theresa_may : `` The work will be done by the Home Office to reach out to those from this Windrush generation who maybe do not have the necessary documentation to ensure that is provided . No one will be out of pocket as a result of this . ''

# PMQs
. @ theresa_may on the Windrush generation : 'These people are British . They are part of us and I want to be absolutely clear that we have no intention of asking anyone to leave who has the right to remain here . '

# PMQs
Thought this was a jellyfish ? So did the turtle .

We 're proud to be leading the push for change worldwide to protect our environment for future generations 🐬🐠🐳🌏 https : //t.co/XTG9uYQsAW
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Inflation fell to 2.5 % in March and is expected to keep falling . With wages rising that will mean more money in people…
RT @ theresa_may : Thank you @ Malala . International experts agree that young people need 12 years of quality education if they ’ re to fulfil t…
RT @ JamesCleverly : 📈 32.2 million people in work - a record high
📉 Unemployment the lowest for 43 years
📊 Earnings increased by 2.8 %
🛠️ Hig…
RT @ DominicRaab : UK exports in services rise by £4billion in Q4 2017 - more evidence of brand Britain ’ s global appeal . https : //t.co/GGwMBGM…
. @ theresa_may : `` Our package of funding will enable Commonwealth members to review their cyber security capability , and deliver the stability and resilience that we all need to stay safe online and grow our digital economies . '' # CHOGM2018 https : //t.co/IomIYPgMLs
RT @ GuyOpperman : A @ Conservatives # Longtermeconomicplan at work :
📈 More people with jobs than ever before=32.2 million
📉 Unemployment lowe…
RT @ MelJStride : We 're proud to see latest figures show wages are ahead of prices , meaning more money for hardworking families .

A strong ec…
RT @ theresecoffey : Thought this was a jellyfish ? So did the turtle .

We 're proud to be leading the push for change worldwide to protect our…
RT @ Malala : Encouraged by UK ’ s commitment to put 12 years of free , safe , quality education for girls at the heart of the # CHOGM18 agenda to…
RT @ SamGyimah : Incredibly good news on wages and unemployment figures this morning - we salute the businesses , big & amp ; small , that have inves…
Thought this was a jellyfish ? So did the turtle .

We 're proud to be leading the push for change worldwide to protect our environment for future generations 🐬🐠🐳🌏 https : //t.co/zsdCwa2Ilw
Powerful & amp ; poignant speeches by MPs from across the HoC today , particularly from @ RuthSmeeth @ JohnMannMP @ halfon4harlowMP @ lucianaberger @ sajidjavid .

Anti-semitism , like all forms of racism , has no place in our society .

You can watch the speeches here - https : //t.co/CfJAPs2Gfb
RT @ robertcourts : I ’ m proud to see today 's jobs figures from @ ONS showing wages ahead of prices , meaning more money for hardworking familie…
We 're proud to see today 's jobs figures show wages are ahead of prices , meaning more money for hardworking families 👦🏽👧🏻⬆️

A strong economy providing more jobs for everyone is key to building a Britain that 's fit for the future 🇬🇧💪 https : //t.co/TYQH9GEHUw
Out on the campaign trail , Party Chairman @ BrandonLewis has been talking to residents about the issues at stake at the local elections on May 3rd - where only Conservatives can keep council tax low , and deliver better quality local public services . https : //t.co/L5MaP3fPgq
RT @ JamesCleverly : Societies with well educated women are healthier , happier , more able to trade and less likely to go to war .

We ’ ve comm…
RT @ dwppressoffice : New independent statistics released by @ ONS today show that the employment rate remains at a record high , with 32.26 mi…
RT @ dwppressoffice : According to new statistics released today , the unemployment rate has not been lower since 1975 # StrongerEconomy https : …
RT @ 10DowningStreet : Watch live : PM @ Theresa_May speaks to # OurCommonwealth alongside @ BillGates about the importance of leaders working… h…
RT @ AlbertoCostaMP : Welcome figures from the @ ONS this morning - lowest rates of unemployment since 1975 , a record 32.2 million people in w…
Today we have committed £212 million to fund the education of young people in developing nations across the Commonwealth , ensuring they receive 12 years of quality education 📚✏️ https : //t.co/zPB1u8EGxM
Labour MP Mike Gapes explains why taking action to alleviate humanitarian distress and deter further use of chemical weapons is n't a party political issue . https : //t.co/TTmQq1krWL
🗣️ @ AmberRuddHR on the support people will receive to help them rightly stay in the UK : https : //t.co/0VPj67oRl6
'To those seeking to rip up the international rule book : Stop – and stop now ' - @ theresa_may , Prime Minister .

Read the article in full - https : //t.co/PBCDFRPYFO https : //t.co/a57qA381Ze
RT @ Conservatives : Leaders around the world have supported the 🇬🇧 🇺🇸 🇫🇷 co-ordinated and targeted strikes to degrade the Syrian Regime ’ s ch…
🗣 @ BorisJohnson : `` There 's one overwhelming reason why this was the right thing to do and that is to deter the use of chemical weapons , not just by the Assad regime but around the world . '' https : //t.co/AwpyzOukBS
. @ AbeShinzo : 'The use of chemical weapon is extremely inhumane and we can not absolutely tolerate that . Japan supports the determination of the U.S. , the U.K. and France not to allow the use and proliferation of chemical weapons . ' https : //t.co/WzHcz6cEQA
RT @ 10DowningStreet : PM @ theresa_may on the significant body of information , including intelligence , indicating the Syrian Regime was respo…
'Chemical weapons can never be tolerated ' - Defence Secretary @ GavinWilliamson

Read the article in full - https : //t.co/2zNiEW2lkT https : //t.co/bUcb9k9lYO
Last night , 🇬🇧🇺🇸🇫🇷 coordinated and targeted strikes to degrade the Syrian Regime 's chemical weapons capability and deter their use - here is why . https : //t.co/3VW39CrXU4
. @ MinPres : ‘ The Cabinet probably considers that poison gas has been used & amp ; that the Syrian regime is behind it . The Int'l Community can not accept this . We therefore understand the reaction of the US , UK and France , which is proportionate & amp ; deliberate in the current circumstances ’ https : //t.co/7kY8yynwzA
. @ SpainMFA 's @ AlfonsoDastisQ : 'The use of chemical weapons is a crime against humanity , nothing can justify it . The strikes carried out in Syria by the US , France and the UK are legitimate and proportionate . ' https : //t.co/iZC7Z0OY4x
. @ eucopresident : 'Strikes by US , France and UK make it clear that Syrian regime together with Russia & amp ; Iran can not continue this human tragedy , at least not without cost . The EU will stand with our allies on the side of justice . ' https : //t.co/RV06ijY5Ak
. @ larsloekke : 'Denmark stands firmly behind our NATO-allies ’ response to Assad ’ s abhorrent use of chemical weapons . ' https : //t.co/UtyzffnGeu
. @ NATO 's @ jensstoltenberg : 'I support the actions taken by the United States , the United Kingdom & amp ; France against the Syrian regime ’ s chemical weapons facilities and capabilities . This will reduce the regime ’ s ability to further attack the people of Syria with chemical weapons . ' https : //t.co/jrQqdSj9om
. @ jacindaardern : 'We have always condemned the use of the veto , including by Russia in this case . New Zealand therefore accepts why the US , UK & amp ; France have today responded to the grave violation of international law , and the abhorrent use of chemical weapons against civilians . ' https : //t.co/hgxNkn0jpY
. @ TurnbullMalcolm : 'Australia supports this strike , which demonstrates a calibrated , proportionate and targeted response . They send an unequivocal message to the Assad regime and its backers , Russia and Iran , that the use of chemical weapons will not be tolerated . ' https : //t.co/CAMkUhGXLF
. @ JustinTrudeau : 'Canada supports the decision by the United States , the United Kingdom , and France to take action to degrade the Assad regime ’ s ability to launch chemical weapons attacks against its own people . ' https : //t.co/WaUzULPE1U
Angela Merkel : 'We support the fact that our US , UK and French allies took on responsibility in this way as permanent members of the UN Security Council . The military strike was necessary and appropriate . ' https : //t.co/ICLhas9kfz
Leaders around the world have supported the 🇬🇧 🇺🇸 🇫🇷 co-ordinated and targeted strikes to degrade the Syrian Regime ’ s chemical weapons capability and deter their use . https : //t.co/K952nSoZEK
'We can not allow the use of chemical weapons to become normalised '

The Prime Minister on action in Syria - https : //t.co/nEhbY7MV58 https : //t.co/qTbadsOXvj
RT @ GermanyDiplo : FM @ HeikoMaas on # Syria :
https : //t.co/VOzw3vYI4Q https : //t.co/nVfE3UWy2e
RT @ eucopresident : Strikes by US , France and UK make it clear that Syrian regime together with Russia & amp ; Iran can not continue this human tra…
RT @ GavinWilliamson : I pay tribute to the professionalism of our Armed Forces personnel who this morning sent a strong , united , and clear m…
RT @ DFID_UK : . @ PennyMordaunt : `` We can not allow chemical weapons use to become normalised . Syrian Regime has history of using chemical weapo…
RT @ JustinTrudeau : Canada supports the decision by the United States , the United Kingdom and France to take action against the Assad regime…
This morning , @ theresa_may gave a statement on the situation in Syria : https : //t.co/JOjibtrnSs
RT @ jensstoltenberg : I support the actions by the US , UK and France against the # Syrian regime 's chemical weapons facilities and capabiliti…
RT @ DavidMundellDCT : Like the head of # NATO , I supported this action because we can not tolerate the use of chemical weapons and the further…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Welcome the news of UK military strikes against major chemical weapons facilities in Syria alongside our US and French al…
RT @ sajidjavid : A necessary and proportionate response that will deter & amp ; degrade Syrian chemical weapons capability . Thanks to our brave se…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Today @ theresa_may has set out clear , specific & amp ; appropriate objective for military action . Degrading & amp ; deterring ability…
RT @ 10DowningStreet : The Prime Minister @ theresa_may has made a statement on Syria : https : //t.co/bBfYyowUIo https : //t.co/QlTeFXmOkt
We ’ re putting more money into our schools , per pupil , than ever before - so that our children have the skills they need to succeed in life . https : //t.co/9kZEBfPsNT
RT @ jc4southsuffolk : A welcome announcement from @ 10DowningStreet of a £75 million plan to launch new research to tackle prostate cancer ht…
RT @ RobertJenrick : British manufacturing is booming . We ’ re supporting it with low business taxes and some of the best incentives to invest…
RT @ SamGyimah : A busy week of @ Conservatives getting things done :
£75m to fight prostate cancer ⚕️

£96m to help more pupils attend top art…
RT @ AndrewGriffiths : A study by the Institute of Directors found that businesses are more optimistic about the UK economy now than any time…
RT @ theRCN : The pay deal protects Annual Leave and Unsocial Hours pay . Find out what it means for you : https : //t.co/AR7PHWEnnQ https : //t.co…
A study by the Institute of Directors found that businesses are more optimistic about the UK economy now than any time in almost a year . ⬆️

We 're backing business and making the economy work for everyone . 👨🏾‍💼👩🏻‍🏭 https : //t.co/UtxqGScBQx
RT @ BrandonLewis : Exports rising is good for our economy , good for jobs & amp ; positive for our future # conservativesdeliver https : //t.co/b1fYIw…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Pleasure to welcome new German foreign minister @ HeikoMaas to UK . 🇬🇧and 🇩🇪will continue to work very closely on many issu…
RT @ NorwichChloe : Last year , the sale of British goods and services abroad rose by £60 billion . Let ’ s continue to support businesses across…
RT @ carolinenokes : This is great news and there are fantastic examples in Romsey and Southampton North of SMEs exporting around the globe h…
RT @ DFID_UK : `` We have a moral obligation to both the people we seek to help , and those who enable us to do so , to get the best value for mo…
Last year , the sale of British goods and services abroad rose by £60 billion .

We will continue to support businesses across the UK , ensuring more job creation and prosperity 🇬🇧 https : //t.co/iN8LbNcYfN
RT @ trussliz : This week I ’ m in 🇧🇷 , talking to business and Government about how we can do more trade between Britain and Brazil

See more : …
. @ UKLabour plans to introduce free bus travel for under-25s is yet another promise that they have no real ability to deliver . They admit this could cost up to £13billion , meaning extra borrowing with working people paying the price . https : //t.co/BI3OsvLElA
RT @ cj_dinenage : Prosthetics can make such a difference to children with limb loss – watch this video of my visit to the wonderful @ RNOHnhs…
RT @ UKinKenya : 💷 The UK is the largest foreign investor in Kenya

🏙 7/10 largest corporate tax payers in Kenya are British

👷🏿‍♂️ 1 in 10…
RT @ DHSCgovuk : Minister of State for Care @ cj_dinenage visited @ RNOHnhs to launch the new £1.5 million in funding and meet health care prof…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Was great to speak @ NCSC conference in Manchester today , where I announced an investment of £50m to bolster our cyber capa…
RT @ cj_dinenage : A huge privilege to meet the inspirational @ Marathonchamp yesterday : our new prosthetics funding will improve technology & amp ; …
Who wore it better ?
Happy # NationalPetDay ! 🐱🐶

Here 's No.10 Chief Mouser Larry ( left ) and Gladstone ( right ) , Chief Mouser for @ hmtreasury , showing off their bowties . https : //t.co/sSIFdQI7EE
RT @ mimsdavies : More Govt action by @ Conservatives - The dark web is a massive source of drugs and organised crime that exploits people and…
RT @ AlecShelbrooke : A massive source of organised crime that exploits people and puts all of us in danger . That 's why we 're investing £50 m…
The dark web is a massive source of drugs and organised crime that exploits people and puts all of us in danger .

That 's why we 're investing £50million to crackdown on these criminals . https : //t.co/CJvZqCIoiW
RT @ andrealeadsom : We can be proud of our high animal welfare standards . As we leave the EU we can do even better . https : //t.co/vl3csQPJ82
RT @ JamesCleverly : Helping people keep ahead of the cost of living . https : //t.co/wMPTzgkpWX
RT @ DFID_UK : International Development Secretary @ PennyMordaunt visits an inclusive school in Amman where # UKaid is giving Jordanian and Sy…
For better services and lower taxes , vote for your local Conservatives on 3rd May . https : //t.co/TfNt15gC9l
RT @ ageukcampaigns : We 're delighted the government has recognised the importance of the bus pass . It 's an important lifeline for many older…
RT @ damienmooremp : My family is one of thousands that 've had to deal with the pain of a diagnosis . I hope that @ theresa_may 's important ini…
RT @ 10DowningStreet : Today the PM @ theresa_may met doctors , nurses and other staff at Addenbrooke ’ s Hospital and announced a £75m new prost…
We 're taking steps to ban the export of live animals for slaughter , and to increase the sentence for animal abuse up to 5 years . https : //t.co/Coh0fq2y69
RT @ 10DowningStreet : The PM has announced a £75m plan to launch new research to tackle prostate cancer , a disease that affects one in eight…
RT @ BorisJohnson : The murder of 5 rangers & amp ; driver in DRC ’ s Virunga National Park is simply tragic . Brave rangers work tirelessly in DRC to…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Today @ Theresa_May announced new plans to help make sure that prostate cancer patients are treated earlier and faster , w…
Today we have announced £96 million to provide specialist training to our most talented young musicians , dancers and actors . https : //t.co/tiVhhwDoxs
RT @ ProstateUK : Thank YOU 👍🤗🎉 Theresa May is committing £75 million towards prostate cancer research , thanks to all your amazing support & amp ; …
RT @ MattHancock : We 're investing in Britain 's creative talent for the future with £96m to support talented music , drama & amp ; dance pupils kick…
RT @ educationgovuk : Today @ NickGibbUK confirms further £96m support for dance , drama and music pupils : https : //t.co/JpDUzTOuih https : //t.co…
Today @ theresa_may is launching new plans to help ensure that prostate cancer patients are `` treated earlier and faster '' , with £75 million going towards new clinical trials . https : //t.co/zCztHVHdct
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Today I launched our Serious Violence Strategy to help steer young people away from crime and tackle violent drug-dealing…
. @ SwedishPM Stefan Löfven : `` Happy to welcome PM @ theresa_may to Stockholm . Good talks on Brexit , future cooperation and Salisbury . We stand united with our close friend and partner after the attack . '' https : //t.co/OwN6rpH5N7
RT @ EstherMcVey1 : Since the introduction of auto-enrolment in 2012 , pensions savings among under 30s has more than doubled ⬆️ https : //t.co/…
RT @ GregHands : Since the Conservatives introduced auto-enrolment in 2012 , pensions savings among under 30s have more than doubled . Great ne…
🗣️ Russell Quirk , the CEO of online estate agency @ emoov , gives his verdict on our crackdown on rogue landlords as new banning orders and national database of offenders go live : https : //t.co/fIHVPKmnnZ
Since the introduction of auto-enrolment in 2012 , pensions savings among under 30s has more than doubled ⬆️ https : //t.co/FLQ3NcjTJe
RT @ mimsdavies : We have met a true 🌟superstar ✨ # BoatyMcBoatface with Minister @ theresecoffey @ NOCnews @ DefraGovUK @ Commonwealth18 what a re…
RT @ ukhomeoffice : Home Secretary @ AmberRuddHR will today set out her multi-million pound commitment to steering young people away from crim…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : This morning I visited @ leap_cc , who provide support to young people affected by gang and youth violence . Our Serious Viol…
RT @ EstherMcVey1 : The ‘ quiet revolution ’ - supporting a nation to save for their retirement . https : //t.co/TkKcFiDeYM
RT @ DavidTCDavies : Following the Offensive Weapons Bill announcement , Home Secretary @ AmberRuddHR will today launch the Serious Violence St…
RT @ ToryEconomy : Some great news revealed in @ Daily_Express yesterday . Since the introduction of auto-enrolment in 2012 , pensions saving am…
Home Secretary @ AmberRuddHR is today launching the Serious Violence Strategy , a multi-million pound commitment to steering young people away from crime and tackling violent drug-dealing gangs . https : //t.co/5rxfd2ZiUX
4 big changes have been made this week to help you with the cost of living 👷‍♂️👩‍🍳👨‍💼👩‍🏭 https : //t.co/j6iHO3tSxe
RT @ NickHurdUK : Offensive Weapons Bill will make it harder than ever to buy & amp ; possess the most dangerous weapons : just one element in stra…
. @ sajidjavid sets out the offensive weapons bill with cross party support it would become law quickly . It will make it illegal :
✖️to possess acid in a public place
✖️for under-18s to buy acid
✖️for anyone to order a knife online
✖️possession of certain weapons in private https : //t.co/7DOMw7dJRP
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Great to spend some training time with the regiment and fantastic effort by all involved raising £1,000 for the Royal…
RT @ GregHands : A welcome & amp ; really interesting interview with @ DominicRaab in the Sunday Times on housing , Brexit and his part Czech/Jewish…
RT @ BrandonLewis : A hugely important step forward to drive out rogue landlords & amp ; protect tenants . Am proud to have taken this legislation t…
RT @ MelJStride : My article on @ HuffPostUK “ Thanks to the hard work of the British people , we have now reached a turning point in our recove…
RT @ trussliz : Interesting that the British are *least* likely to say world is changing too fast . Now we just need to get a lot more optimis…
RT @ NorwichChloe : The gender pay gap is at its lowest level on record – but it should be a thing of the past . That ’ s why @ Conservatives gov…
Local elections on May 3 will decide how your local services are run and how much you pay for them . Things like :

♻️ Street cleaning
🗑 Rubbish collection
🚗 Road repairs
👵 Helping the elderly

Conservative councillors deliver better services in your area & amp ; lower taxes for you https : //t.co/aVknzxG80b
RT @ mariacaulfield : Find out how much you will be saving from today 👉 https : //t.co/NLG6q2X4C1 https : //t.co/OfcUNd53Sx
RT @ davidmorrisml : 4 positive changes which have come in this week to help the cost of living https : //t.co/H63KOqUqmI
RT @ willquince : Today millions of workers get a tax cut .

See how much more you ’ ll be keeping with our savings calculator .

👉 https : //t.co/…
4 big changes have been made this week to help you with the cost of living 👷‍♂️👩‍🍳👨‍💼👩‍🏭 https : //t.co/WIc34fmE8Z
RT @ RobertJenrick : We ’ re lowering income tax for millions from today by raising the Personal Allowance . 👍 https : //t.co/U3f2v3YAmy
RT @ theresa_may : Today we ’ re giving millions of taxpayers a break .

See how much more you ’ ll be keeping with our savings calculator .

👉 htt…
RT @ LdnConservative : Today we ’ re giving millions of taxpayers a break .

See how much more you ’ ll be keeping with our savings calculator .

👉…
RT @ sajidjavid : We 're taking action on # roguelandlords that rent out cramped and squalid properties - new measures will help councils crack…
Millions of graduates will save an average £360 every year with the repayment threshold increase , helping more young people with the cost of living after uni . 👩‍🎓👨‍🎓 https : //t.co/LrxBTvkD2P
RT @ AlbertoCostaMP : Another big and very welcome increase in the National Living Wage - all part of the @ Conservatives commitment to delive…
Today we ’ re giving millions of taxpayers a break .

See how much more you ’ ll be keeping with our savings calculator .

👉 https : //t.co/72jI66qRQY https : //t.co/djAw0AQEXc
RT @ CPhilpOfficial : Minimum wage just gone up 4.4 % to £7.83 an hour . So min wage up 32 % from £5.93 since 2010 and up 37 % after tax ( given i…
RT @ educationgovuk : Universities Minister @ SamGyimah marks a major milestone today as the # student repayment threshold rises to £25k up fro…
RT @ DominicRaab : Manufacturing production grew for the 20th successive month in a row , while the latest purchasing managers ’ s data again sh…
We are delivering a strong economy which supports good jobs 💪 https : //t.co/RORIFsxVL1
RT @ JeremyLefroy : Vauxhall ’ s decision to invest further in Britain is great news , and a vote of confidence in our world leading automotive…
Housing minister @ DominicRaab on a new review into tackling anti-social behaviour at unauthorised caravan sites , which will address :

Fly-tipping ♻️
Noise 🔇
Health ❤️
Education 📚 https : //t.co/3IpDMDAIl9
RT @ DominicRaab : Today , I am launching a consultation to look at whether and how to strengthen enforcement powers to address illegal carava…
RT @ willquince : It ’ s great news that @ vauxhall is investing further in Britain . Our Industrial Strategy will make Britain one of the most i…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Here 's the first instalment of my campaign diary , where I was in Bexley & amp ; Bromley spreading the message that Conservative…
By numbers : the new PSA deal for its @ vauxhall Luton plant :

🔒 Jobs secured : 1,400
🚚 New vans to be built : 100,000-a-year
⬆️ New investment : £100m+

Securing more jobs and more investment into the UK is fundamental to building a Britain that 's fit for the future . https : //t.co/35WGUaenhx
It ’ s great news that @ vauxhall is investing further in Britain . Our Industrial Strategy will make Britain one of the most innovative places in the world , delivering better , higher-paying jobs in every community across the UK 🇬🇧 https : //t.co/2IL8MtFULH
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Tonight is the deadline for businesses in the private sector to report their # genderpaygap . Reporting # genderpaygap data i…
RT @ LdnConservative : The # genderpaygap is at its lowest level on record – but we want to make it a thing of the past . That ’ s why we are req…
The gender pay gap is at its lowest level on record – but we want to make it a thing of the past . That ’ s why we are requiring companies to publish the difference between the average pay of their male and female employees , ensuring large orgs . no longer have anywhere to hide . https : //t.co/ACL5YHrIn7
. @ theresa_may on addressing the Gender Pay Gap : `` Making full use of women 's academic achievements , experience and talents would help boost UK productivity to the benefit of our whole economy . '' https : //t.co/KKhROpQaRg
Wildlife Conservation Society ( @ TheWCS ) CEO @ CristianSamper on the UK ivory ban : https : //t.co/IAsPZpO3J9
RT @ AlunCairns : Am so pleased at this announcement . It will have a major effect on the sustainability of elephants . https : //t.co/54XaluWuUt
RT @ GuyOpperman : - Richest 1 % pay 27 % of all income # tax
- But thanks to ongoing tax # reforms
- This week # personalallowance ( money you m…
RT @ CSkidmoreUK : This month thanks to @ conservatives action millions of people will pay less tax than before- over a £1000 less since 2010-…
RT @ John2Win : 4 big things this week :
⬆️ 2 million people on the National Living wage will get a pay rise
✂️ 31 million workers will get an…
RT @ Kirstene4Angus : We 're proud to be introducing one of the toughest bans on ivory sales in the world and are committed to protecting our…
RT @ mhclg : Today the # HomelessnessReductionAct comes into force which will transform the way councils and public services in every part of…
RT @ theresa_may : I 'm proud the Government is today introducing one of the toughest bans on ivory sales in the world . I 'm committed to prote…
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Great morning visiting Ealing ’ s Muslim Community ( Acton Youth Association , Acton Mosque 🕌 ) along with @ Mohamed_Y_Ali @ g…
RT @ DefraGovUK : Minister @ theresecoffey shares her views to the consultation published today for a # UK # ivory sales ban , reaffirming our le…
. @ StopIvory CEO John Stephenson on the UK ivory ban : `` This is a significant day for the future of elephants . The UK government has taken a momentous step ... the Secretary of State for @ DefraGovUK has shown clear leadership in demanding legislation . '' https : //t.co/NAG9vzT0Eg
. @ TuskTrust CEO @ MayhewCharlie on the UK ivory ban : `` We welcome the fact that Ministers are sending such a clear message to the world that the illegal wildlife trade will not be tolerated and every effort will be made to halt the shocking decline in Africa ’ s elephant population . '' https : //t.co/OYcAL71OJ9
RT @ sajidjavid : Proud of @ Conservatives tough stance with introduction of # IvoryBan - one of the toughest of its kind worldwide , showing th…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Fantastic news that the British public support a ban on ivory sales - the government is pressing ahead . It 's vitally impo…
RT @ AlbertoCostaMP : Very proud of the @ Conservatives tough stance with the introduction of this # IvoryBan - one of the toughest of its kind…
We 're proud to be introducing one of the toughest bans on ivory sales in the world .

The UK 's ban will cover ivory items of all ages .

We are committed to protecting our natural environment , and a key part of this is ensuring stronger protections for animal welfare . 🐘🌍 https : //t.co/AC4ttQiXT9
RT @ willquince : This week the tax-free personal allowance will increase from £11,500 to £11,850 - meaning people can keep more of what they…
RT @ MattHancock : Very proud as of yesterday , full-time workers on the National Living Wage now earn £2,000 a year more than in 2016 . # progr…
It 's a month to go , and we 're standing for what matters : better services , lower taxes . We know that 's what Conservative councillors deliver . And we know that ahead of May 3 you too can stand with us . Because every 🗳 vote 🗳 counts 🗳

Join the campaign - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/yVAwl6yvh7
RT @ BrandonLewis : @ jeremycorbyn Why are you misleading people ? Labour left lowest levels since 1923 ( just 75,000 one year ) & amp ; @ Conservatives…
RT @ CCHQPress : Today @ lucyfrazermp has announced a crack-down on rogue bailiffs who aggressively pursue debts , as we work to tackle injusti…
This week the tax-free personal allowance will increase from £11,500 to £11,850 - meaning people can keep more of what they earn .

A typical basic rate taxpayer will pay £1,075 less income tax in 2018-19 than they did in 2010-11. https : //t.co/cYYDwLWPhd
On this day 100 years ago , the @ RoyalAirForce was founded , becoming the world 's first independent air service .

Here 's to the superb men & amp ; women who 've served over the past century & amp ; to those who serve today . May you continue to inspire future generations to reach for the stars . https : //t.co/PDDuwsEhlW
Over 40 MPs attempted to # GiveUpPlasticForLent . How did they get on ? ♻🌍🐣 https : //t.co/SspparTv3b
RT @ theresa_may : From helping defeat fascism in the Battle of Britain to taking the fight to Daesh in Iraq & amp ; Syria , the @ RoyalAirForce has…
RT @ sajidjavid : Wishing all those celebrating at home & amp ; abroad a very happy and peaceful Easter https : //t.co/CguxJ4KxB3
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Happy 100 Birthday to the Royal Air Force @ RoyalAirForce Thank you for all you have done and will continue to do in hel…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Congratulations to the RAF for 100 years of defending and serving our country . https : //t.co/VuEtjvrg6c
RT @ SteveBakerHW : A very happy birthday to @ RoyalAirForce at 100 today ! More : https : //t.co/QKdqfVL27C ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/NGOSXf39Gv
RT @ 10DowningStreet : `` However you are spending this # Easter , I hope that you have a happy and peaceful time '' – PM @ Theresa_May # EasterSunda…
Happy Easter ! 🥚🍫🐇 https : //t.co/KEZjH2QQnW
RT @ 10DowningStreet : Every year an estimated 4,350 children die under the age of 18 and grieving parents can face thousands in council fees…
RT @ BrandonLewis : I am very fortunate & amp ; proud to be Chairman of @ Conservatives with such an amazing team both in our professional team , our…
🗓⬆️ Tomorrow the National Living Wage will increase again - full-time workers on the NLW will see a yearly boost of £600 and will now earn £2,000 a year more than they did when it was introduced in 2016. https : //t.co/pMHYiIRqJw
RT @ RobertJenrick : From my family to yours , chag sameach . # HappyPassover https : //t.co/TCbmqfkQYc
RT @ 10DowningStreet : `` I wish you all a very happy and peaceful Pesach – chag kasher v ’ sameach . '' – PM @ Theresa_May # Passover https : //t.co/1M…
RT @ SamGyimah : Wishing all my Jewish friends a happy passover . # ChagSameach
@ sajidjavid 🗣 @ sajidjavid on why we 're determined to eliminate rough sleeping : https : //t.co/Bz3CucCFYE
. @ sajidjavid has today set out a cross-government plan of action to significantly reduce the number of people sleeping rough as the Homelessness Reduction Act comes into force next week . https : //t.co/DJw1cPUtkX
RT @ BorisJohnson : Sending my warmest wishes to Jewish communities both in the UK and around the world this Passover . Chag Pesach Sameach ! …
RT @ lucyallan : Fantastic - £312m for Telford ’ s Princess Royal and Royal Shrewsbury . 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻😊 https : //t.co/nGAnJIKZ9K
RT @ 10DowningStreet : Today ’ s announcement is the next step to halving rough sleeping by 2022 and eliminating it by 2027 # TacklingRoughSleep…
RT @ mhclg : . @ HeatherWheeler : “ Government is committed to ending rough sleeping – we ’ ve announced a new Rough Sleeping Initiative to support…
. @ theresa_may : `` Northern Ireland and the farming industry are integral parts of the United Kingdom ’ s history , culture and , importantly , our future – which is why I ’ m here today to speak to farmers and hear their views . '' https : //t.co/7kcvMKJlB6
RT @ mimsdavies : This is really great news for women and girls @ Conservatives @ theresa_may @ tracey_crouch @ BrandonLewis 🙌https : //t.co/BktOXP…
RT @ TomTugendhat : Tidying up plastics is a massive investment in our future and will help protect our environment for generations . That ’ s w…
And on to Northumberland , where @ theresa_may sat down with families in Heddon to talk about ensuring communities in the North East continue to prosper after Brexit . https : //t.co/AnXrdxY0WN
RT @ GuyOpperman : Delighted to welcome the Prime Minister # TheresaMay to # Heddon in # Northumberland this morning to meet mums , dads , pupils…
RT @ GreenpeaceUK : Tonight leaders from government , business and the scientific community are meeting at @ NHM_London . Part of the agenda is…
On the first stop of her # RoadToBrexit tour today , @ theresa_may met with textile workers at the Alex Begg & amp ; Co. factory in Ayr , Scotland . https : //t.co/gLGXasHRd1
RT @ AlbertoCostaMP : Hugely important announcement from @ michaelgove & amp ; @ Conservatives today confirming the introduction of # DepositReturnSch…
We want every child to reach their potential . ⬆️

That 's why this fund will support new holiday programs for the most disadvantaged families .

Because healthy meals and activities in the holidays can contribute to their development and improved attainment . 🎨🏆🍏 https : //t.co/VkJ1XHBj5O
Bill Bryson , authour and former president of the Campaign to Protect Rural England , gives his verdict on the deposit return scheme announced yesterday . https : //t.co/lLIsFXbt9z
RT @ mariacaulfield : The NHS is getting extra funding . Good news https : //t.co/g9A3bnAROE
RT @ theresa_may : I 'm pleased the Government I lead has today announced that we are consulting on introducing a # DepositReturnScheme for pla…
This is what we need to do to keep funding our NHS .
Let your friends know 👇 # PMQs https : //t.co/VFXWV6r8wb
🗣Chris Grayling on how we fund quality public services , @ iealondon :

`` Without capitalism and free enterprise you simply don ’ t get a thriving economy in a democratic nation , and without those you don ’ t have the quality of public service that we all want to see in our country . '' https : //t.co/ak4J19WBDd
RT @ ToryTransport : Today @ Nus_Ghani announced a multi-million pound investment to help put more environmentally-friendly buses on the roads…
40 NHS hospitals and community services will receive funding for plans worth £760 million to modernise and transform their buildings and services .

The capital funding announced today by @ Jeremy_Hunt is the single biggest injection of its kind in the NHS in over a decade . https : //t.co/BOXYzu47jw
RT @ bbradleymp : I 'm proud of this Government 's record on the # environment - plastic bag charges cutting use by 9 billion bags , improving an…
Get your Conservative @ KeepCup at https : //t.co/uQdZEwgq54 ♻️
♥️♻️ The Cabinet have got theirs - have you got yours ? https : //t.co/hVO9IatfK7
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Delighted to announce multi-million pound investment package for Cheltenham General Hospital . @ alexchalkchelt has lobbied…
RT @ Dunne4Ludlow : Delighted Chancellor @ PhilipHammondUK and SoS @ Jeremy_Hunt have backed NHS plans to invest over £300m in in Shrewsbury an…
RT @ Autism : Great to see MPs wearing their # AutismAwarenessWeek badges ahead of # PMQs today . https : //t.co/gOU6sX8TVa
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Today ’ s announcement of £35million for Colchester Hospital is the biggest investment in years and a testament to the campa…
RT @ bbradleymp : The PM in # PMQs

Next Week
•2 million people on the National Living wage will get a pay rise ;
•31 million workers will get…
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Delighted to announce £80million infrastructure investment for Somerset NHS . Great local doctors and nurses innovating in…
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : Mental health is another area where Labour are doing disastrously in Wales @ jeremycorbyn

• Labour routinely misses it…
RT @ Helen_Whately : Jeremy Corbyn ’ s attempt to attack @ theresa_may on mental health fell flat at # PMQs because the Government is doing so mu…
RT @ SamGyimah : Here are some facts about mental health under this Govt
- Made parity of esteem to physical health
- Record £11.6bn in fundi…
RT @ JamesCleverly : The Government is ensuring that 70,000 more children and young people a year will have access to high-quality NHS mental…
RT @ JamesMorris : At # PMQs mental health was raised and @ theresa_may has a proud record to stand on . @ Conservatives have introduced the firs…
Four big things next week :

⬆️ 2 million people on the National Living wage will get a pay rise
✂️ 31 million workers will get an income tax cut
👵 12 million pensioners will get a boost to their state pension
🚗 Millions of drivers will see fuel duty frozen again

# PMQs
Labour have consistently supported higher local taxes and deliver poorer quality local services . If you want better services and lower taxes you need a Conservative council . # PMQs https : //t.co/MUoBdk91Ed
Want to know what we 're doing to support our NHS ? Watch this :

# PMQs https : //t.co/Xbb7CW3URH
We know that the best way to support the NHS is through building a stronger economy . Since 2010 we ’ ve increased NHS spending every year and funding in real terms on the health service will be around £13 billion higher this year than when we came to office . # PMQs
We 're committed to ensuring that 70,000 more children and young people each year will have access to high-quality NHS mental healthcare by 2020-21 and are making available an additional £1.4 billion to improve children and young people ’ s mental health services . # PMQs
We ’ re committed to seeing mental health services improve on the ground . This is backed with a significant increase in funding – spending on mental health has increased to a record £11.6 billion , with a further £1 billion by 2020/21 . # PMQs
Since taking control of Dudley council we 've :

✅introduced 2 hours free car parking on council car parking from April .
✅reversed Labour ’ s street cleaning cuts .
✅scrapped Labour ’ s plans to charge for green waste collections .
✅maintained weekly bin collections .

# PMQs
RT @ AlanMakMP : I 've campaigned for more # NHS funding since first being elected in 2015 . Met Health Secretary @ Jeremy_Hunt yesterday to dis…
. @ michaelgove on how a # DepositReturnScheme is one of the ways in which we can take action to deal with the tide of plastic in our oceans . https : //t.co/c85nL4luFr
Today @ michaelgove has confirmed that a # DepositReturnScheme will be introduced later this year to increase recycling rates and slash the amount of waste polluting our land and seas . https : //t.co/ENR6eWTn0J
RT @ RobertJenrick : London leads the world as No 1 financial centre , driving jobs , taxes and prosperity for the whole U.K. ! https : //t.co/z04…
. @ BrandonLewis handed out reusable Conservative @ KeepCup ’ s to the Cabinet this morning , highlighting our commitment to leave the environment in a better place than we found it . ♻️ 🌍

Head over to 👉 https : //t.co/uQdZEwgq54 to get yours today ! ☕️ https : //t.co/PgKuxcM2US
Get your Conservative @ KeepCup today when you donate £25 to our campaign - https : //t.co/uQdZEwgq54 https : //t.co/Qwg5IA4Zy5
RT @ DamianHinds : This government is investing record amounts in childcare
to benefit hundreds of thousands of families and 9 out of 10
chil…
RT @ lucyallan : We are getting £347,983 from Gov to fix potholes in Telford & amp ; Wrekin . Make sure you report any potholes near you to @ Telford…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great example of how @ Conservatives offer better services & amp ; value for money in local government https : //t.co/IuOmswrfbU
RT @ Marcus4Nuneaton : On 3 May , people across England have the chance to vote for Conservative councillors who deliver better services in yo…
Local elections in May will decide how local services are run - and how much you pay for them .

Things like street cleaning ♻️rubbish collection 🗑road repairs 🚗 & amp ; helping the elderly 👵

Conservative councillors deliver better services in your area and lower taxes for you . https : //t.co/SBDbQ6XRBZ
RT @ robertcourts : Good news just announced on potholes : Oxfordshire will receive up to £1,831,494 to repair our roads after the winter weat…
RT @ ToryDCMS : . @ tracey_crouch today welcomed £15m of funding from the # tampontax for causes that tackle the serious issues that women of al…
RT @ andy4wm : We ’ ve achieved so much together in the West Midlands in the last ten months . Let ’ s keep up the progress . https : //t.co/VWR3L9Oq…
RT @ StGilesTrust : We are thrilled to be able to expand our London Footsteps Team and help more vulnerable women in Norfolk and Yorkshire th…
RT @ Arhag : Really pleased to receive this funding , it will make a real difference to people ’ s lives & amp ; bring together our partners to achiev…
RT @ LukeHall : Delighted that roads in South Gloucestershire badly affected by recent winter weather will benefit from a further £504,000 to…
Just announced : Our roads will get an extra £100 million in funding to repair damage from the rough winter - on top of the £75 million already given this year 🚗 https : //t.co/ni6dmUzL4N
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Have just spoken to @ gerardcollomb French Interior Minister , regarding the terrorist incident in S of France . Investigatio…
Schools Minister @ NickGibbUK is calling on universities to follow King ’ s College and Exeter in opening their own maths schools , boosting standards and giving more young people the opportunity to fulfil their potential . https : //t.co/quWYexknRX
RT @ JamesCleverly : My mother was an NHS midwife for almost all of her working life , I ’ m really proud that @ Conservatives in government are…
RT @ redditchrachel : I ’ ve had four babies in the NHS and I know how important midwife care is . At that critical moment , they are there for y…
RT @ EmmanuelMacron : I thank the British people and Theresa May for their support and solidarity . Thank you for your kind words regarding th…
Brilliant turnout this weekend ! Well done to the many associations across the country who launched their official campaigns . You can feel extremely proud of yourselves for the passion and effort on show for better services in your communities .

Join in - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/BNIi3RYQhZ
. @ BrineMinister on Sunday 's @ daily_politics pointing out what @ Conservatives are doing for the NHS

✅Announced five new medical schools
✅A landmark pay deal for NHS workers
✅A 25 % expansion in training places for midwives https : //t.co/LGcNYnmPbr
. @ Jeremy_Hunt will announce the largest ever increase in NHS midwives and maternity support staff , with a plan to train more than 3000 extra midwives over 4 years , starting with 650 more midwives in training next year . https : //t.co/21cS4DcHUI
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn fired @ OwenSmith_MP for calling for a second referendum and now his deputy leader ca n't rule one out , and countles…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ Jeremy_Hunt has unveiled plans to recruit an extra 3,000 midwives - saving the lives of 700 babies a year
https : //t.co/iGf…
RT @ CCHQPress : In today ’ s @ Telegraph @ DavidDavisMP writes that leaving the EU isn ’ t about short-term gain - it ’ s about taking back control…
RT @ JamesMorris : Was pleased to have helped launch the Birmingham @ Conservatives campaign this morning with @ andy4wm and @ ErdingtonTories -…
We ’ ve reached a turning point : debt is beginning to fall as a share of GDP – the first sustained fall in debt in 17 years . 🔽

This has been possible because of our balanced approach to building an economy that works for everyone . https : //t.co/khSDP5lIqQ
RT @ theresa_may : The latest figures show that one million people in Britain have been lifted out of absolute poverty since 2010 . This is go…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : We stand united with the people of France in the face of today 's awful events . My thoughts are with those who have lost lo…
RT @ bbradleymp : One million people lifted out of absolute poverty since 2010 - now that is a @ Conservatives record to be truly and genuinel…
RT @ ToryDCMS : . @ Michael_Ellis1 has today announced a share of £15 million of funding to Blackpool , Bradford and the Lake District # GetNorth…
There are over 400,000 fewer young people out of work since 2010 , a fall of over 40 % . ⬇️

We 're proud to see more of our young people getting into work , starting their adult lives with the security of a job . https : //t.co/ULztWE760T
In February , we announced a call for evidence on banning third-party puppy sales and laid down a raft of measures in Parliament to crackdown on unscrupulous puppy breeders , as we take further steps to raise the bar on animal welfare standards . # NationalPuppyDay https : //t.co/Ym1iKsKmpT
RT @ RobertJenrick : # FridayBriefing - What we learnt about the economy this week :
✅ Employment at record high
✅ Unemployment lowest since 19…
RT @ EstherMcVey1 : Good news with the latest employment stats out today :

· More than 1,000 people are moving into work every day sin…
New figures show that since 2010 absolute poverty has fallen by 1 million . This is good news , but we know that there is more work to do as we build a country that works for everyone . https : //t.co/YxsW4ldfH1
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ Conservatives have introduced a £3 million programme which is investing in charities working to prevent and address homoph…
The Prime Minister has set out the Government ’ s ambitious but credible vision for the future economic partnership the UK is seeking with the EU , declaring : ‘ Let ’ s get on with it ’ . # bbcqt https : //t.co/joRwd0mONs
We are committed to getting the best Brexit deal for people , delivering control of our money , borders and laws , while building a new , deep and special economic and security relationship with the EU . # bbcqt
On # bbcqt @ JamesCleverly notes that no other political party has yet signed up to our # RespectPledge to make sure that campaigning online is robust but does n't lead to abuse . https : //t.co/tff7FjNs9n
RT @ AlecShelbrooke : I ’ m partially deaf . It ’ s a pity that some on the left are using old , fake news to attack me for something that is simpl…
Next month the National Living Wage will rise again - meaning since its introduction the lowest paid will have seen a £2,000 boost to their yearly income . ⬆️ https : //t.co/EB9ACpmSI0
RT @ MattHancock : NEWS : Today we ’ ve launched our # Fintech Sector Strategy to help the UK continue to lead the way in fintech for the future.…
RT @ DamianHinds : Thanks to everyone at @ uniper_energy for a great visit . Thanks also to the # ApprenticeshipAmbassadors I met for all they d…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Just signed with @ ScottMorrisonMP the FinTech Bridge Agreement between 🇬🇧 and 🇦🇺 - an ambitious plan that will open up…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : One year on , I will be remembering those affected by the Westminster attack . The professionalism of the emergency services…
A year on from the Westminster attack , we remember those who lost their lives that day . And we remember that , as @ Tobias_Ellwood so rightly says , in the end `` it 's the good people that win . '' https : //t.co/9FCTqcnbR0
RT @ Toryhealth : . @ Jeremy_Hunt : Rarely has a pay rise been so well deserved , and today the whole House is united in gratitude and respect fo…
RT @ robertcourts : Our NHS staff work incredibly hard , day in , day out , right across the country .

Because of our balanced approach to the e…
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Great meeting with Secretary of State @ sajidjavid for Housing and Local Gov to welcome FANTASTIC news @ medway_council b…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Since 2010 we ’ ve had to make some difficult decisions to balance our economy , but by doing so we are now able to confirm…
If you believe these three things , there ’ s no place for you in Labour 👇 https : //t.co/58KnRweQd5
RT @ bbradleymp : At # CCHQCalling tonight for @ Conservatives in our vital local elections in London and across the UK . @ michaelgove @ AmberRud…
RT @ RobertJenrick : In # FinTechWeek2018 celebrate a phenomenal U.K. success :
✅ 1,600+ UK firms ( more than NY )
✅ Created 60,000 jobs already…
RT @ SteveBarclay : Our NHS staff work incredibly hard , day in , day out , right across the country . Today it was confirmed that NHS staff incl…
RT @ mariacaulfield : Really please to see NHS staff getting a pay rise of between 6.5 % and 29 % # NHSPayRise @ Conservatives https : //t.co/n9rNJ…
We ’ ve all worked hard to deliver a strong economy . Because of this , we ’ re able to today confirm that our NHS staff will be getting a well-deserved pay rise .

💬 Here ’ s what Health minister @ SteveBarclay had to say : https : //t.co/86tLgxuJpg
RT @ redditchrachel : WATCH : A well deserved pay rise , which is only possible because of the government ’ s approach to the economy . If you agr…
RT @ AlbertoCostaMP : Very welcome news and hugely deserved for our excellent , hard working NHS staff . https : //t.co/GYMvcnaJWw
Our NHS staff work incredibly hard , day in , day out , right across the country .

Because of our balanced approach to the economy @ Jeremy_Hunt was today able to confirm NHS staff including nurses , midwives , cleaners and porters will receive a pay rise of between 6.5 % and 29 % . https : //t.co/uhEhVxLESD
We 're proud to see the employment rate is now at a joint record high of 75.3 % . ⬆️

Having a strong economy and more people with the security of a job is a key part of a Britain that 's fit for the future . https : //t.co/uYO43SLaY7
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Delighted to confirm pay rise of between 6.5 and 29 % for NHS staff who have worked so hard over a tough Winter , in a £4.2b…
RT @ dwppressoffice : Since 2010 , the number of people in employment has increased by around 3.2 million https : //t.co/mKtmQlmljo
RT @ CCHQPress : Yesterday , the Health Secretary @ Jeremy_Hunt announced five new medical schools are opening their doors to student doctors s…
RT @ kitmalthouse : A country that works for everyone ... https : //t.co/FJoGbxlyLR
RT @ GregHands : PM quotes one of our new Conservative Councillors who has just joined from Labour : “ Both locally and nationally , Labour has…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : The amount of money we are spending on schools is greater than it has ever been before # PMQs
RT @ redditchrachel : I ’ ve seen this myself when I lived in Birmingham . It was a disgrace https : //t.co/UpqWOoVi4P
RT @ dwppressoffice : Employment has risen in every region and nation of the UK since 2010 https : //t.co/LOlA2o1SQy
RT @ CCHQPress : Labour councils are letting down residents :
• In Labour-run Birmingham bins went uncollected leaving thousands of tonnes of…
Under the last Labour government , council tax bills doubled and proposals backed by the Shadow Communities Secretary would risk a return to double-digit tax hikes . # PMQs
Labour ’ s former Shadow Fire minister suggested doubling council tax for some homes – and hitting typical band D homes with a £320 average rise . # PMQs
In Labour-run Birmingham bins went uncollected leaving thousands of tonnes of waste on the streets . That 's what happens under Labour-run councils - worse local services . # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : In councils up and down this country , there is one message , and that is that Conservative councils cost you LESS # PMQs
The police funding settlement for 2018/19 involves an increase in overall police funding . It will see an increase of up to £450 million in funding across the police system if Police and Crime Commissioners choose to increase the precept . # PMQs https : //t.co/Cdq8zUByra
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : New statistics out today show a record number of people in work . With inflation falling and the highest wage growth in…
RT @ dwppressoffice : Since 2010 , the UK 's employment rate has risen steadily to a joint record high , driven by growth in full-time jobs http…
RT @ dwppressoffice : New independent stats released today show that the employment rate is at the joint highest level since 1971 # StrongerEc…
RT @ DominicRaab : Delighted @ mhclg announcing £4bn funding for roads , schools , bridges , health facilities from Manchester to Medway , to supp…
Today @ sajidjavid has announced new investment to unlock more homes across England - a further 44 areas have been shortlisted for funding for major infrastructure projects worth £4.1bn - so we can make progress on building the homes that people need . https : //t.co/29MeK0B9Qx
RT @ BrandonLewis : Two Labour councillors have joined @ conservatives today , as they feel labour has deserted hard working people . https : //t…
Health minister @ SteveBarclay on how we 're delivering the biggest ever expansion of the NHS medical workforce - including five new medical schools - to ensure our health service is fit for the future . https : //t.co/dpWatqYiXs
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Great visit to @ CRUKLondon @ ucl with my fellow VC @ HelenGrantMP getting a briefing of better awareness on HPV cancer sc…
RT @ sarahwollaston : Welcome news
🔘5 new medical schools
🔘1,500 new places each year
🔘630 of which start Sep '18 . The new places include inc…
RT @ benhowlettuk : Huge thanks to @ sajidjavid & amp ; @ Marcus4Nuneaton for joining our @ LGACons training session today with @ cwowomen - some amazi…
RT @ vickyford : 😀😀Dancing for joy at news that @ AngliaRuskin Chelmsford is to be one of 5 new medical schools in UK . Training next generati…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Utter tragedy today with loss of last male northern white 🦏 . We can ’ t just sit back & amp ; watch more species disappear . UK le…
The Chief Executive of the Higher Education Funding Council for England has welcomed today ’ s announcement that 5⃣ new medical schools are opening their doors to student doctors this September . https : //t.co/zBVu26pm0P
RT @ mariacaulfield : Fabulous to see as well as five new medical schools opening , extra medical places being created at Brighton and Sussex…
RT @ SamGyimah : This will see a record-number of undergraduates studying medicine , with 90 % of the new places outside London - it will also…
Today , the Health Secretary @ Jeremy_Hunt will announce that five new medical schools are opening their doors to student doctors starting this September - in Sunderland , Lancashire , Canterbury , Lincoln and Chelmsford . https : //t.co/kgyLPWf4uG
. @ DavidDavisMP : “ Our teams have worked hard and at pace to secure the terms of a time limited implementation period that gives the certainty demanded by businesses and citizens across the European Union & amp ; United Kingdom ” . https : //t.co/IR4FIHEht4
RT @ DavidDavisMP : The deal we have struck today , on top of that agreed in December , should give us confidence that a good deal for the Unit…
5 . We saw another excellent effort from everyone who braved the biting cold out on the doorsteps - and helped older residents in ❄ - listening to what really matters & amp ; sharing our positive Conservative vision for delivering better services in 2018. https : //t.co/iasOqY4AGj
4 . @ BorisJohnson explained that we 're making `` great progress '' in the Brexit negotiations . https : //t.co/mqyy8HIRr9
3 . The Prime Minister , @ theresa_may , spoke about the timeless values that drive us : `` Security , opportunity and freedom . '' https : //t.co/VZ7s6byUC9
2 . On Saturday , @ BrandonLewis spoke to party members : `` Let us go from here . To take the fight to Labour . In every town , on every street , on every doorstep . '' https : //t.co/qiT0SSI9Qm
1 . We had the launch of @ young_tories at # SpringForum . Under 25 ? Join today : https : //t.co/QsExWuEwmP https : //t.co/JqYjS0Aacj
Time now for an afternoon edition of 5⃣ things you might 've missed from the weekend ... https : //t.co/hBN61v53Al
RT @ mikejwood : Since John Major created Gift Aid , it has meant more than £15bn extra going to good causes . It ’ s the most successful charity…
RT @ RobertJenrick : As our amazing # paralympians return home I visited the team who made it possible @ ParalympicsGB to encourage those givin…
New research shows that charities are losing out on potentially hundreds of millions of pounds in extra funding .

That 's why HMT minister @ RobertJenrick is encouraging people to make sure people to tick the # GiftAid box when they give to help their favourite charities do more . https : //t.co/VTdk5IEwLX
Today , @ theresa_may will set out our new £90 million programme to tackle inequalities in youth unemployment , as we work to build a country that works for everyone . https : //t.co/QreDnlpxP7
Excellent effort yet again from everyone who braved the biting cold out on the doorsteps - and helped older residents in ❄ - listening to what really matters & amp ; sharing our positive Conservative vision for delivering better services in 2018 .

Join today - https : //t.co/QslfSNsIid https : //t.co/gyHsyajIub
On # Peston Party Chairman @ BrandonLewis says that 6,000 more people have become party members since the start of the year .

Join us today : https : //t.co/QslfSNsIid https : //t.co/3aJFYm3Jwz
On # Marr this morning @ BorisJohnson explained that we 're making `` great progress '' in the Brexit negotiations . https : //t.co/vaSDVV7MSy
On # Peston John McDonnell is challenged on Labour 's spending plans .

Let 's help him - they would mean borrowing an extra £3,907 for every household and we would all pay the price with more debt , higher taxes and fewer jobs . https : //t.co/2BJwJmEj1j
RT @ CCHQPress : International Trade Secretary @ LiamFox writes in the Sunday @ Daily_Express ‘ We are an innovation nation ready for the hi-tec…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ BorisJohnson writes in @ TheSun ‘ Part of being a strong and self-confident country - a Global Britain with interests and in…
RT @ theresa_may : . @ mariacaulfield is a huge supporter of @ SERV_Sussex . Based in her constituency , it provides emergency motorbike transport…
Today @ theresa_may spoke at our # SpringForum about the timeless values that drive Conservatives to deliver for their communities up and down the country . https : //t.co/WOOVui7sac
After @ theresa_may 's speech to # SpringForum , she joined our members for a chat and a few photos before they headed back out on the campaign trail . https : //t.co/2p7c755JaF
. @ theresa_may :

`` That is the Conservative way .

`` Offering security , opportunity and freedom for all .

`` Delivering first class public services .

`` Governing in the national interest .

`` And building a country that works for everyone . ''

# SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` When Brexit is done , and Britain steps into the new future that awaits us , I want it to be this party , the Conservative Party , that leads our country into the next decade and beyond . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` We saw with his promise to ‘ deal with ’ student debt , Jeremy Corbyn can not even be relied on to stick to his promises . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` Instead of a balanced approach to public spending Labour want a return to massive borrowing for which ultimately we would all pay more . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` In the year of its seventieth anniversary , we will take the action to ensure the NHS is there for its hundredth birthday , free at the point of use , paid for out of general taxation . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may on our NHS :

`` Cancer survival rates are higher than ever .

`` Patient satisfaction is at its highest for more than two decades .

`` And the NHS has twice been independently rated the best healthcare system in the world . ''

# SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` We are investing more resources in our education system , but we are also pressing on with the serious reforms which will deliver a better future for our young people . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` independent inspectors at OFSTED said in their most recent annual report that : ‘ the quality of education…provided to young people today is better than ever. ’ '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` We introduced major reforms to raise standards in schools , we targeted funding to help the most disadvantaged , and schools have achieved better outcomes for our young people as a result . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` Thanks to the hard work and sacrifice of the British people , we have now reached a turning point in our recovery , on the threshold of the first sustained fall in our country ’ s debt levels for 17 years . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` we need the revenue which a thriving economy generates to support our schools , hospitals and police service . '' # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` we need to win the argument that says it is only a strong economy that can provide the resources our public services need '' . # SpringForum
@ theresa_may : `` we must be unafraid to speak out clearly and passionately about our values as Conservatives and what motivate us in politics '' . # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : `` we are the Party that understands the need for a strong economy , pursuing policies which deliver sustained growth and record jobs , and pursuing a modern Industrial Strategy to help all parts of the UK benefit from economic opportunity '' . # SpringForum
. @ theresa_may : Brilliant Conservative councils keep taxes low so people can keep more of the money they earn and deliver high-quality services for those who rely on them . # SpringForum
RT @ NBurnsHowell : A little flurry of snow this morning in Swindon - perfect conditions to test run my new # bluecup as we head out to speak…
. @ BrandonLewis delivering his speech to party members at # SpringForum this morning https : //t.co/Bu5Lh3JG64
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great to launch @ young_tories and be out with the team today # SpringForum # YoungConservatives https : //t.co/4O8Bz7rov8
RT @ bbradleymp : Brilliant to launch a new organisation - the Young @ Conservatives - this morning at # SpringForum with young members , to hel…
Great to see so many young and engaged Conservatives at our youth conference today before they head back out on the campaign trail . Keep up the great work everyone ! 👏 https : //t.co/WQYIOE14Sk
RT @ SamGyimah : Thank you @ bournemouthuni for a great visit yesterday - breaking ground on the Poole Gateway Building , getting hands-on with…
RT @ DFID_UK : . @ PennyMordaunt speaks from # CSW62 about the steps to be taken to tackle sexual exploitation and abuse in the aid sector . @ UKU…
RT @ BorisJohnson : International community firmly backing UK response to hostile Russian action . Welcome strong Quad ( UK/US/France/Germany ) …
RT @ JamesCleverly : Great to have @ Conservatives Party Chairmen addressing the # YoungConservatives at the # SpringForum https : //t.co/MqMjprRL…
🔥 Watch @ mariacaulfield destroy @ UKLabour for not telling the truth about free school meals🔥 https : //t.co/APpzEgODrk
. @ GavinWilliamson : “ We are resolute in our belief , that by using all our power , Britain will continue bringing light to a darkening world. ” https : //t.co/yZLpFJPKHF
RT @ DamianHinds : This government is investing record amounts in # childcare to benefit hundreds of thousands of families . Pleased that today…
RT @ BorisJohnson : International community standing in solidarity with UK against Russian aggression . Spoke w/ @ jensstoltenberg last night a…
5 . Tax Free Childcare to give nearly 1 million more families support , including the self employed – wider support than under Labour . https : //t.co/hhKN6oy2Zf
4 . Up to 85 % of childcare costs reimbursed under Universal Credit – delivered by the Conservatives , higher reimbursement than under Labour . https : //t.co/3O2Ezhnn6o
3 . Additional 15 hours of free childcare for working parents – delivered by the Conservatives , never available under Labour . https : //t.co/XZnhwSFCCD
2 . Universal 15 hours a week free childcare for all 3 & amp ; 4 year olds – more than under Labour . https : //t.co/qIVeuIPiaB
1 . 15 hours of early years provision for disadvantaged two year olds – delivered by the Conservatives , not available under Labour . https : //t.co/FZsSCcxRez
We know how important it is to help with the cost of Childcare - that 's why we 're investing record amounts to benefit hundreds of thousands of families across Britain : a thread . https : //t.co/Ec2dAZLwPx
RT @ LGBTCons : Proudly introduced by a @ Conservatives Government . https : //t.co/uWUXnVSyeN
RT @ mariacaulfield : My speech in Parliament yesterday on why I voted for 50,000 more children to receive free school meals . https : //t.co/SD…
Watch the PM 's statement to the House of Commons today on Russia : “ There is no alternative conclusion other than that the Russian State was culpable for the attempted murder of Mr Skripal and his daughter - and for threatening the lives of other British citizens in Salisbury . '' https : //t.co/piR6IHBRXO
RT @ jc4southsuffolk : Regarding all the cobblers on free school meals , pls check your facts before ranting . No child will lose their meals d…
RT @ BobBlackman : In the words of C4 - important & amp ; impartial assessment of an important government reform to help families on low incomes . h…
RT @ William_Wragg : There is a lot of misinformation on the issue of Free School Meals . Rather than political stunts , here are the facts : ht…
RT @ stephenkerrMP : I agree with my colleague in calling this a very powerful statement from our leader @ theresa_may .

At times like this , …
RT @ johnredwood : Labour ’ s claim that Government ’ s changes could leave over a million children without free school meals is deliberately mis…
RT @ robertcourts : Fact : we ‘ re investing record amounts in our NHS as @ theresa_may reminded House at # PMQs : funding going up each year in to…
Our proposals mean that once Universal Credit is fully rolled out , 50,000 more children will be eligible for free school meals than under the old system . # PMQs https : //t.co/KPpLtoM6iJ
RT @ trussliz : PM has forensic grip on NHS numbers compared to Corbyn waffle . # PMQs # slamdunk
The SNP government in Scotland have increased tax , meaning that Scots earning over £26,000 a year will pay more tax than their counterparts in the rest of the United Kingdom . # PMQs
We 're consulting on a landmark draft Domestic Abuse Bill and have funded a number of projects with a specific focus on tackling domestic abuse as part of our children ’ s social care innovation programme , backed by £200 million . # PMQs
Because of our balanced approach :

✅ The NHS budget will rise by £2.5 billion next year .
✅ The schools budget will rise by over £1.4 billion next year .
✅ In April , the personal allowance will rise again and fuel duty will be frozen again .

# PMQs
5 key facts about how we 're supporting our NHS . # PMQs https : //t.co/Q1PinY9Mx5
The Chief Executive of NHS England on NHS cancer care : “ Highest cancer survival rates ever – latest survival figures show an estimated 7000+ more people surviving cancer after successful NHS cancer treatment compared to three years prior. ” # PMQs
We are catching and prosecuting more people who carry a knife or a blade . And those convicted are more likely to go to prison , and for longer than at any point in the last ten years . # PMQs
Today @ sajidjavid is setting out new measures to make sure people coming from outside the UK play a full part in society and make the most of what our great country offers 🇬🇧 https : //t.co/ldHd0uma9c
RT @ sajidjavid : Very saddened to learn that Prof Stephen Hawking is no longer with us . One of most inspirational people throughout my life.…
. @ PhilipHammondUK reveals that 60,000 people have benefited since we cut stamp duty for first time-buyers - which Labour tried to block . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/A86QxKZZFm
From A Brief History of Time to achieving so much through so many challenges , Stephen Hawking was an extraordinary inspiration . Rest in Peace , one of the world 's brightest minds . https : //t.co/aJSqJS2iEd
RT @ FactCheck : @ UKLabour Hi . We FactChecked this in February .

No child currently receiving free school meals under Universal Credit will…
RT @ SamGyimah : RIP Stephen Hawking . A brilliant scientist . An extraordinary life . A triumph of the human spirit . https : //t.co/YU6z34yxYb
RT @ JamesCleverly : Labour tried to orchestrate a twitter storm tonight based on a false claim about children losing Free School Meals .

Th…
RT @ NeilDotObrien : Channel 4 investigates scaremongering by Labour and concludes : “ more children will be entitled to free school meals unde…
RT @ willquince : Don ’ t believe Labour ’ s misleading spin , here ’ s the facts about free school meals . https : //t.co/R41E7otdeK
RT @ CGreenUK : I grew up on Free School Meals and I know it 's something that 's important to many families across Bolton West . Labour are yet…
RT @ mariacaulfield : So disappointing Labour are spreading fear over free school meals . Here are the facts https : //t.co/kK05cs6Uj6
RT @ Anna_Soubry : . @ heidiallen75 excellent speech exposing Labour ’ s falsehoods about free school meals & amp ; telling the facts - 50k MORE childr…
RT @ bbradleymp : Not even one single child currently entitled to either free school meals or free childcare will lose that entitlement . Not…
RT @ CPhilpOfficial : Labour 's claims that school meals are being taken away because of Universal Credit simply are n't true - in fact 50,000…
RT @ Marcus4Nuneaton : After today 's debate I still stand by my comments . Labour do n't let the truth get in the way of a good story . https : /…
RT @ DamianHinds : This government is spending more than any previous government on childcare support – and today we are widening eligibility
RT @ DamianHinds : Today we will be voting on increasing eligibility for free school meals to around 50,000 more children ( to suggest childre…
RT @ VotePursglove : You 're going to hear a lot from Labour about free school meals today . Despite what Labour are claiming , no-one on free s…
RT @ kitmalthouse : Labour are really trying their best on social media tonight but they can ’ t escape the truth on free school meals :
https : /…
RT @ AndrewBowieMP : . @ PeteWishart just because you seemed to suggest otherwise earlier ... you ’ re welcome : ) https : //t.co/w02DLqGBM3
RT @ redditchrachel : Really disgraceful claims tonight from Labour . They will do anything for a soundbite and they don ’ t care about spreadin…
The facts on changes to eligibility for free school meals : https : //t.co/zrcsc0tLIp
🔥🔥🔥 Watch @ PhilipHammondUK tear apart John McDonnell 's doom-and-gloom rant on Britain 's economy .

You 'll want to watch this one til the end . https : //t.co/fNf523cI0V
The Chief Economist of @ CBItweets praises @ PhilipHammondUK 's approach in backing business - the right way `` to secure the UK 's future prosperity '' . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/Cu33isyie6
RT @ hmtreasury : An estimated 60,000 first-time buyers have already benefited from the Stamp Duty relief announced at the Autumn Budget . htt…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Here are a few key facts from @ PhilipHammondUK # SpringStatement today . https : //t.co/TFnKltH9ve
`` On the side of the UK ’ s millions of small businesses and self-employed . '' That 's the verdict of @ fsb_policy National Chairman @ MikeCherryFSB on the # SpringStatement https : //t.co/d9ToXAvXKC
RT @ hmtreasury : We ’ re raising the # NationalLivingWage to £7.83 per hour from next month – a pay rise of over £2,000 for a full-time worker…
RT @ hmtreasury : Here ’ s our # SpringStatement 2018 economy snapshot . https : //t.co/bnBgbKSt30
RT @ DominicRaab : Great news Chancellor @ PhilipHammondUK announced £100m of investment for West Midlands , part of a housing package to suppo…
RT @ Kirstene4Angus : Good news from today 's # SpringStatement - our growing economy has meant that we are able to make real progress in bring…
. @ PhilipHammondUK on why we support the market economy :

💡It creates opportunities
✍️It provides jobs for millions
🔼It generates tax revenues for our public services

# SpringStatement https : //t.co/P1gsYXpMgW
RT @ mikejwood : A stronger more secure economy means more businesses , better jobs and greater opportunities for future generations # SpringSt…
RT @ HuddlestonNigel : Britain 's economy is 17 % larger than 8 years ago . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/R9TLNSHxx8
RT @ vickyford : Debt down , economy growing & amp ; real wages set to rise . # economy # SpringStatement https : //t.co/nWRj2PPk12
. @ johnmcdonnellMP is misleading the public again .

Here is the reality on free school meals from independent @ FactCheck .

# SpringStatement https : //t.co/bWA9TA8rX0
RT @ hmtreasury : . @ OBR_UK is forecasting more jobs in every year of this Parliament . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/a5Z0NmaWZy
60,000 first-time buyers have already benefited from the Stamp Duty relief announced at the Autumn Budget . 🏡✅

Did Labour support this ? No , they voted against it in Parliament . ❌

# SpringStatement https : //t.co/JdEOL9YCmd
RT @ andy4wm : Fantastic news that the Chancellor has signed off our housing deal and announced it in # SpringStatement . This £350m will be fo…
RT @ NeilDotObrien : Seems like just the other day we were here for Budget but 60,000 first time buyers have already benefited from the stamp…
Our balanced approach and the hard work of the British people means that we ’ ve been able to reduce our deficit by £108 billion over the last seven years .

At the same time , we 're investing in our public services and supporting families with the cost of living . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/hg5LS5WlXN
RT @ redditchrachel : An economy that works for everyone and growth all around the country . That ’ s what you get under the @ Conservatives @ Red…
RT @ GeorgeFreemanMP : Because we 're taking a balanced @ Conservatives approach as we build a stronger economy , we ’ ve reached a turning point : …
The UK economy continues to grow - helping to create jobs and fund the vital public services on which we all rely . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/AswhRPV2TI
RT @ CPhilpOfficial : Very good speech by the Chancellor . Reminding us the deficit is hugely down since 2010 and current spending now in surp…
RT @ GregHands : Debt falling as a % of GDP in 2018/19 . Great work by @ PhilipHammondUK and pleasing to see the good work of the 2015 Spending…
RT @ SamGyimah : Ahead of the # SpringStatement , here 's why the @ Conservatives are THE choice on the economy . https : //t.co/kF14Xi9BYf
. @ PhilipHammondUK : `` We are the party of small business and the champions of the entrepreneur '' . https : //t.co/UTxbGURutO
Because we 're taking a balanced approach as we build an economy that works for everyone , we ’ ve reached a turning point . Debt is beginning to fall – the first sustained fall in debt in 17 years . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/1I0tLm20vw
Labour 's plans would amount to borrowing an extra £3,907 for every household , meaning everyone pays the price with more debt , higher taxes and fewer jobs . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/kP4h9CFcqS
The UK manufacturing sector has seen its longest consecutive period of growth in 50 years - helping to create more , better paying jobs . # SpringStatement https : //t.co/k1iirnXOFn
RT @ theresecoffey : This memory will stay with me a long time - planting the very first tree of the new # NorthernForest with @ WoodlandTrust…
Labour have been caught out making misleading claims about free school meals by an independent fact-checker , showing once again that they won ’ t let facts get in the way of their political game-playing . https : //t.co/GPv0IIxuTp
RT @ bbradleymp : The facts on UC/free school meals https : //t.co/p4HVrZf4Qc
It 's confirmed : Labour 's new borrowing plans would cost £106 billion - amounting to an extra £3,907 more debt for every household in Britain . https : //t.co/wzLVMngbSM
As part of our plan to build a Britain fit for the future , the Business Secretary @ GregClarkMP has today announced a £300 million competitive fund to develop the innovations and new technologies that will help the UK meet the challenges of an ageing society . https : //t.co/g6AOLSqZMN
From Birmingham to Barnet and from Norwich to Newcastle , teams of proud Conservatives have spent the week spreading our party 's positive vision for better services ahead of elections in May . 💙

Join in . Be the difference - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/qgu1w1OgBU
RT @ BorisJohnson : @ EmmanuelMacron We are proud too to have more than 14,000 Indian students coming to the UK in 2017 - up a quarter over la…
RT @ sajidjavid : Disturbing reports of Islamophobic letters in the # Midlands - let me be clear , British Muslims should be able to live witho…
RT @ RobertJenrick : Me in @ FinancialTimes - @ Conservatives share an unshakeable belief that private businesses in a free market economy make…
On # Marr @ PhilipHammondUK explained that because of our balanced approach to the economy we ’ ve been able to deal with our debts whilst also investing in public services and cutting taxes for families and small businesses . https : //t.co/F8YBLXo3vt
UK manufacturing output is at a 10 year high - helping to create more , higher paying jobs and build an economy that is fit for the future .

We need to keep our economy strong so that we can continue to invest in vital public services . # Marr https : //t.co/65M9S9Z9Nr
A strong economy is vital to make sure that we can help businesses create better , higher paying jobs and are able fund our schools and hospitals .

Official statistics show that our economy has grown by almost 17 % since 2010 . # Marr https : //t.co/0xbyrofqfP
This is what one of John McDonnell 's own advisers has said about the consequences of a future Labour government . # Marr https : //t.co/VwKIhqur0l
The former chief executive of The Manufacturers ' Organisation has said that a Labour Government under Corbyn would be a `` nightmarish prospect '' for businesses - making it harder for them to create jobs and grow our economy allowing us to fund world class public services . # Marr https : //t.co/TcwQU5pEof
RT @ BrandonLewis : Excellent news & amp ; congratulations to @ RossThomson_MP for his work on this https : //t.co/qS4u1uUKBG
RT @ RossThomson_MP : Today ’ s announcement from @ DefraGovUK @ michaelgove proposing action to # BanShockCollars use and sale is very welcome . I…
RT @ BrandonLewis : So many great @ Conservatives teams out working hard this weekend https : //t.co/CpPrhohMXL
@ ainemichellel Thank you Aine ! 👏♻️
Next month the National Living Wage will rise again - meaning since its introduction the lowest paid will have seen a £2,000 boost to their yearly income . https : //t.co/sKjLZoalrb
RT @ AmberRuddHR : 2/2 My thoughts continue to be with the victims of this outrageous attack , and with Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey and his…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : 1/2 I 've heard from the first responders in Salisbury today and I commend their professionalism and bravery . They have ass…
To mark 100 years since the Battle of Amiens this summer , Culture Secretary @ MattHancock is inviting descendants of those who fought to apply for tickets to attend the centenary event at Amiens Cathedral .

To apply for tickets - https : //t.co/ezOxO0qkgK https : //t.co/JP9IhuI7lP
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : British manufacturing has been growing for nine months in a row . That 's the longest unbroken run of growth in 50 years…
As # NationalApprenticeshipWeek draws to a close , we 're celebrating the 3 million+ apprenticeships created since 2010 - giving more people the chance to learn the skills they need to get on in life . # NAW2018 https : //t.co/4V2zxUZYzT
RT @ NimkoAli : Yesterday I fell back into love with @ theresa_may . She gave the most honest & amp ; powerful speech at her NO10 # iwd event . As she…
RT @ hbaldwin : # IWD2018 # WomensDay inspiring to campaign with @ Cllrmariehanson in her community and meet local business owners @ wandbc and r…
RT @ stephenkerrMP : My brilliant colleagues and - proud to say - friends ! We need more women in politics at all levels . # Askhertostand @ mari…
RT @ david_duguid : Three inspiring and talented women I ’ m proud to call colleagues # IWD2018 # WomensDay https : //t.co/mjESiBnWyz
RT @ RobertJenrick : We want to break down the barriers facing female entrepreneurs , and for the U.K. to be the best country in the world to…
RT @ theresa_may : I 'm passionate about getting more women to run for their local council and to become Members of Parliament .

Visit the @ Co…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Proud to support International Women 's Day on my morning run . Much to celebrate , but still much more to achieve , includin…
RT @ Kirstene4Angus : Looking forward to celebrating # InternationalWomansDay with the Kirriemuir WRI tonight ! Outlining the role of an MP and…
RT @ JamesCleverly : I am proud beyond belief that I work for , and with , so many amazing women in British public life . # InternationalWomensDa…
RT @ 10DowningStreet : On International Women ’ s Day , I am proud to serve as Britain ’ s second female Prime Minister alongside so many other wo…
RT @ Nus_Ghani : A women 's place is in the House of Commons ! Join us and stand for public office . @ mariacaulfield @ carolinenokes @ Conservati…
RT @ vickyford : 3 good reasons for girls to consider engineering
& amp ; funding bias for women entrepreneurs
with women running small businesses…
RT @ trussliz : Plotting with the # moneywomen who fund UK entrepreneurs and @ RobertJenrick about powering female enterprise . # bigspenders # bi…
On # InternationalWomensDay @ AmberRuddHR says it ’ s time to look to the future at how much more we can do at home and aboard to achieve true equality .

If you ’ ve ever thought about standing for public office why not sign up below :

https : //t.co/AhPfQZzk35 https : //t.co/kC6AlKvcZl
RT @ iainastewart : To celebrate # InternationalWomansDay I want to say thank you to the most inspirational woman in my life , my mum ! She has…
Donate £25 or more and get a limited-edition Conservative branded ( and UK made ) @ KeepCup reusable cup .

We ’ re determined to leave our environment in a better state that we found it . Support us and do your bit to cut down on plastic waste at the same time .

https : //t.co/50QugLeh7A
RT @ UKSAYSNOMORE : We welcome the Domestic Abuse Bill and see this as an opportunity to have a meaningful conversation about what survivors…
RT @ VictoriaPrentis : Happy # InternationalWomensDay to all of my constituents and colleagues . We are making progress but there is a long way…
RT @ BrandonLewis : # internationalwomensday2018 .. Am lucky to work for & amp ; with , as well as to know , so many amazing , strong and inspiring wom…
. @ AmberRuddHR : On # IWD2018 we 're launching a review into new laws and stronger powers to put safety and support for survivors at the heart of Government efforts to stamp out Domestic Abuse . https : //t.co/lcxhuTQMV5
RT @ theresa_may : Thousands of women endure unimaginable violence and other forms of abuse every single day . I am determined to stop this -…
RT @ trussliz : No11 Downing Street reimagined in suffragette colours . Today we 're talking women , money and power-starting with the # moneywom…
RT @ mariacaulfield : Great to hear that the apprenticeship route is enabling more people to enter nursing . A fantastic way to earn while yo…
RT @ SteveBarclay : Find out how the Government are making more apprenticeships available in he NHS to ensure it gets the staff it needs # Nat…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : I want to express my heartfelt thanks to the emergency services for their bravery and professionalism in continuing to dea…
Health minister @ SteveBarclay explains how we ’ re opening up new routes into nursing with higher apprenticeships .

This helps our NHS get the supply of staff it needs and allows everyone to go as far as their potential can take them . # NAW2018 https : //t.co/CBfrqqkcx4
. @ PhilipHammondUK : `` I am clear not only that it is possible to include Financial Services within a Trade Deal but that it is very much in our mutual interest to do so . ''
. @ PhilipHammondUK : `` The deep pools of capital , specialist skill and regulatory competence in London provide efficient , safe , and high quality services to the EU . ''
. @ PhilipHammondUK : `` The UK financial services hub is an engine that powers the real economy , not just in the UK , but right across Europe . Because the UK financial services hub is not just a British asset , but a European asset too , supporting businesses , savers & amp ; citizens . ''
RT @ Kirstene4Angus : The # Nattax passed by the SNP in February punishes brave service men and women simply for being based in Scotland . I wi…
RT @ LiamFox : In the last year we had more than 58k tech startups & amp ; more venture capital invested in UK than in Germany , France , Spain and I…
RT @ trussliz : Jezza rightly called out for mansplaining . The left talk about equal opportunities . The Tories actually do it . # alltalknoacti…
Watch @ theresa_may call out @ jeremycorbyn for mansplaining during # PMQs today : https : //t.co/Fp2Hztk5SJ
We ’ re giving councils more funding to deliver on their priorities – an increase of £830 million in core spending power across the country . # PMQs
The number of people living absolute poverty in the UK has fallen by 600,000 since 2010 . # PMQs
The SNP government in Scotland have increased tax , meaning that Scots earning over £26,000 a year will pay more tax than their counterparts in the rest of the United Kingdom . # PMQs
The number of social homes failing to meet the Decent Homes standard is down by 55 % from its peak under Labour - with over 476,000 local authority homes brought up to standard since 2010 . # PMQs
Whilst we ’ ve committed £1 billion through to 2020 to tackle rough sleeping and homelessness , we know it ’ s not only about money . That 's why we ’ re changing how councils approach this issue to help more people get tailored support sooner when they ’ re at risk of homelessness . # PMQs
We pledged in our manifesto to halve rough sleeping by 2022 and eliminate it altogether by 2027 . We ’ ve already committed £1 billion to help bring this about , and are piloting the Housing First approach in three of our great cities . # PMQs
. @ theresa_may re-states her commitment and determination to build the homes the country needs . # PMQs https : //t.co/PwxpwrE1jz
As one of the commitments of the # Cultureisdigital report , the @ TheRoyalOpera House will create an Audience Lab , which will work with diverse talent to create content using emerging technologies and develop cross-sector collaborations .

🗣️ ROH chief executive Alex Beard said : https : //t.co/4sgqezqK82
Today @ MattHancock launched the # CultureisDigital report , which will look at investing in our culture sector to cement 🇬🇧 as a creative powerhouse in the digital age , embracing new tech & amp ; attracting more diverse audiences .

Here 's what the @ NationalGallery director said 🗣️ https : //t.co/qUU24NjNhA
RT @ DCMS : 🎥 Culture secretary @ MattHancock speaks at the @ NationalGallery to mark the launch of the # CultureisDigital report https : //t.co/v…
RT @ mimsdavies : Campaigning works ! Thank you @ sajidjavid @ pow_rebecca & amp ; so many who have worked alongside us as @ WoodlandTrust welcome our…
RT @ GregHands : Excellent meeting with a cross party delegation of Slovak parliamentarians to talk Trade & amp ; Brexit . Strong enthusiasm for get…
RT @ SamGyimah : ... And look forward to visiting Israel later this year to discuss deepening our collaboration on research and innovation . # i…
RT @ RobertJenrick : Great reaction to @ Conservatives action on air quality : London black cabs hail Treasury for scrapping car tax https : //t.…
RT @ JohnnyMercerUK : An excellent initiative . https : //t.co/dgDn0WQtUa
@ Tafontherun @ KeepCup Hi there , our reusable @ KeepCup is made in the United Kingdom , the 12oz model has been made here since 2016 . 🇬🇧 https : //t.co/ZOMuLTRtHa
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ JSHeappey speaks about the wealth of experience & amp ; expertise that our ex-servicemen and women have to offer , as the @ Conser…
Donate £25 or more and get a limited-edition Conservative branded ( and UK made ) @ KeepCup reusable cup .

We ’ re determined to leave our environment in a better state that we found it . Support us and do your bit to cut down on plastic waste at the same time .
https : //t.co/8nypYkwrlD
This is why people elect Conservative councillors 🌳

They 're passionate about their communities , making sure you get good local services and value for money . https : //t.co/sb0OS3vaeZ
Our ex-servicemen and women have a wealth of experience and expertise that can be shared in the classroom .

That 's why military veterans are to be offered a £40,000 bursary to retrain as biology , chemistry , computing , maths or modern languages teachers . https : //t.co/6eZovkelXS
RT @ JamesCleverly : The armed forces have a culture of training and lifelong learning . Ex-service personnel are a fantastic pool of people t…
Balancing the household budget is tough enough without rip off energy prices . Today , MPs will vote on our new laws to cap energy prices and cut bills for millions of families – helping them make ends meet . https : //t.co/Oj0dUyKgEf
RT @ WoodlandTrust : Prime Minister Theresa May has announced plans to overhaul England ’ s # PlanningPolicy that will afford # AncientWoodland f…
Superb effort from everyone who carried on through the snow to reach every doorstep & amp ; listen to every resident , campaigning for Conservative councils . You showed your communities the meaning of perseverance . We 're proud to have you in our team .

Join in - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/gFy6WH4xQn
RT @ RobertJenrick : Today we launched a new partnership between government , business & amp ; unions with @ CBItweets @ The_TUC to develop the skills…
5 . Sunday saw so many , including MPs , come together for # March4Women . We believe that everyone should have the best possible chance in life , no matter their gender . That 's why we were proud to stand with women from across Britain yesterday . https : //t.co/XufrnjyZeX
4 . @ DominicRaab called for developers to build upwards on existing flats , homes and shops to create more living spaces - https : //t.co/IXQPjBE7MA https : //t.co/ttPqI17cFx
3 . New figures showed 72 % of UK manufacturers expect sales to increase over the next six months . ⬆️

Keeping these small businesses thriving is what is going to ensure more people have the security of a good job into the 21st century . https : //t.co/tYzFAWjya6
2 . @ BrandonLewis launched our # RespectPledge ahead of this year ’ s local elections :

'Democracy has always been robust and oppositional but a line is crossed when this becomes abuse and intimidation . ' https : //t.co/FLd4dP2wgz
1 . On # Marr , @ theresa_may set out our ambitious vision of the future economic partnership that we want the UK to have with the European Union . https : //t.co/6WpKnIEkJh
Here are today 's 5⃣ things you might 've missed from the weekend ... https : //t.co/q1SWpqF2dP
In her speech today @ theresa_may set out how the Government is rewriting the rules on planning . We 're giving councils and developers the backing they need to get more homes built more quickly to make sure everyone has a place to call their own . https : //t.co/6wiatW5whg
. @ theresa_may : `` More home ownership . A rental market that works for tenants . Greater fairness for all . . . as Prime Minister , that is what I am determined to deliver . ''
. @ theresa_may : `` We pledged in our manifesto to halve rough sleeping by 2022 and eliminate it altogether by 2027 . We ’ ve already committed £1 billion to help bring this about , and are piloting the Housing First approach in three of our great cities '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` This government is taking action to clean up the rental market and bring down the cost of renting . . . we ’ re banning letting agents from charging most tenants any fees at all '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` Whether you ’ re renting by choice or necessity , you ’ re not any less of a person for doing so and you should not be treated as such '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` Our 25-year environment plan commits us to leaving the natural environment in a better state than we found it . So we ’ ll expect any development , whether in the Green Belt or outside it , to look first at sites that have previously been built on '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` Where cities surrounded by Green Belts need more homes , we can increase housing density , make better use of brownfield sites , build upwards rather than outwards . Our new planning rules make it easier to do this '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` The Government will make sure land is available for homes and make sure our young people have the skills needed to build them . In return , I expect developers to do their duty to Britain and build the homes our country needs '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` The gap between permissions granted and homes built is still too large . The new , fairer planning rules we ’ re publishing today will help to close it . But it ’ s also time for builders and developers to step up and do their bit '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` The £5 billion Housing Infrastructure Fund has already made its first awards , investing almost £900 million in the roads , cycle paths , flood defences and other essential works that will allow for the construction of up to 200,000 homes '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` The Government must also step in if homes are going to get built . So we ’ re committing at least £44 billion of capital funding , loans and guarantees to support our housing market '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` [ People ] want to know that any new homes will be accompanied by appropriate new facilities and infrastructure . Under our new planning rules , that ’ s exactly what will happen '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` this Government is rewriting the rules on planning . With the major overhaul being published today , we ’ re giving councils and developers the backing they need to get more homes built more quickly '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` Planning professionals may not be as visible as the bricklayers and carpenters and roofers . But we can not build the homes we need without them '' .
. @ theresa_may : `` I still vividly remember the first home I shared with my husband , Philip . Not only our pictures on the walls and our books on the shelves , but also the security that came from knowing we couldn ’ t be asked to move on at short notice '' .
. @ theresa_may on making sure developers do n't just sit on land , but get on with building the houses Britain needs . 🏘️ https : //t.co/GHgYjsi8vc
Communities Secretary @ sajidjavid on how the Government is rewriting the rules on planning to help restore the dream of home ownership . https : //t.co/mnofvR6wLV
RT @ DominicRaab : The PM ’ s speech today , to accompany the revised National Planning Policy Framework , an important step forwards to reviving…
RT @ MattHancock : Huge congratulations to all the British # Oscars winners . Both for their artistic success , and powerful , telling , acceptanc…
We believe that everyone should have the best possible chance in life , no matter their gender . That 's why we were proud to stand with women from across Britain at the # March4Women today . https : //t.co/tVbVD3m4C7
RT @ theresa_may : Here 's to all the 'bloody difficult women ' out today on the # March4Women . https : //t.co/8QdFdTRBxk
RT @ LdnConservative : Fantastic to see so many at the # March4Women in Westminster today ! https : //t.co/93UgSGKDm9
RT @ Women2Win : We ’ re all ready for # march4women with a variety of fantastic signs , banners and tees ! Great to see @ Nus_Ghani @ MariaMillerUK…
RT @ mattwarman : A better gender balance will make parliament stronger for everyone . Sorry I can ’ t be at # March4Women https : //t.co/wx2OlCkIia
. @ theresa_may Sets out our ambitious vision of the future economic partnership that we want the UK to have with the European Union # Marr https : //t.co/fe6RD9ssk3
. @ theresa_may set out 5 tests for future partnership with the EU :

1 . Respect the result of the referendum
2 . Be an enduring agreement
3 . Protect jobs and security
4 . Deliver an outcome consistent with the kind of country we want to be
5 . Strengthen our Union of nations

# Marr https : //t.co/9y06ynyRtj
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : What I set out today was a way we could continue to trade , that ensures we maintain people 's jobs and maintain that pros…
RT @ CCHQPress : On Friday , @ theresa_may set out an ambitious vision for the UK ’ s future economic partnership with the European Union # Marr h…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Today I launched the @ Conservatives # RespectPledge ahead of this year ’ s local elections .

Democracy has always been robus…
Today at the @ CCACllrs conference Party Chairman @ BrandonLewis set out details of our # RespectPledge .

In politics , people should argue their case robustly but abuse will not be tolerated . https : //t.co/4Jw5VEQnlY
RT @ BorisJohnson : It is shocking that fewer than 4,000 tigers remain in the wild today . Decline of big cat populations is a man-made traged…
Figures released this week show 72 % of UK manufacturers expect sales to increase over the next six months . ⬆️

Keeping these small businesses thriving is what is going to ensure more people have the security of a good job into the 21st century . https : //t.co/6LW8TNv7yr
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great to catch up with old friends at @ CCACllrs today in Warwickshire with @ Marcus4Nuneaton & amp ; launch our Respect Pledge # …
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Commentators from different parts of the political spectrum recognising this is a substantive , pragmatic speech which…
RT @ Jacob_Rees_Mogg : The Prime Minister set out a clear path to Brexit https : //t.co/OHNMlXgY8C
RT @ RobertJenrick : A substantive speech , confirming give and take required by all . Leaving the single market and customs union , room for in…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Excellent speech from the PM and a strong basis for the next stage of negotiations . We are committed to delivering a B…
ICYMI : Read the full text of @ theresa_may 's speech on our future economic partnership with the European Union . 👇 https : //t.co/BtRijkTKYJ
RT @ sajidjavid : Calm , detailed , honest talk from the PM . And rightly optimistic . Real leadership . Now # letsgetonwithit
RT @ DominicRaab : Important speech by the PM , putting meat on the bones of the win/win deal we want with our European friends , respecting th…
RT @ sheryllmurray : Good to have it confirmed that we are leaving the Common Fisheries Policy . https : //t.co/EaI89xyQbv
RT @ theresecoffey : Important speech from the Pm today . On fisheries , we are also leaving the Common Fisheries Policy . The UK will regain co…
RT @ BrandonLewis : A powerful speech from @ 10DowningStreet today outlining an honest , clear & amp ; pragmatic approach to ensuring a good future f…
RT @ PM4EastRen : Serious . Pragmatic . Detailed . Strong speech by the Prime Minister , optimism more grounded in reality , honest about the chal…
Today @ theresa_may set out what our future partnership with the EU must do :

1 . Respect the result of the referendum
2 . Be an enduring agreement
3 . Protect jobs and security
4 . Deliver an outcome consistent with the kind of country we want to be
5 . Strengthen our Union of nations https : //t.co/qsMb78Jmtz
RT @ MichelBarnier : I welcome PM @ theresa_may speech . Clarity about # UK leaving Single Market and Customs Union & amp ; recognition of trade-offs…
RT @ AeroSociety : The Society is pleased to see that @ theresa_may is committed to the UK remaining members of # EASA on # roadtobrexit . We be…
RT @ RossThomson_MP : An excellent speech from @ theresa_may with an ambitious , credible & amp ; detailed plan for our future relationship with EU.…
RT @ NickyMorgan01 : Very welcome tone from @ theresa_may of realism , compromise , recognition that we are in negotiation with EU & amp ; ca n't ignor…
. @ theresa_may :

`` My message to our friends in Europe is clear .

`` We know what we want .

`` We understand your principles .

`` We have a shared interest in getting this right .

`` Let ’ s get on with it . ''

# RoadToBrexit https : //t.co/JZ19XOAH3e
. @ theresa_may : `` The approach I have set out today would : implement the referendum result , provide an enduring solution , protect our security and prosperity , helps us build the kind of country we want to be , and bring our country together '' . # RoadToBrexit
. @ theresa_may : `` I know that the United Kingdom I treasure can emerge from this process a stronger , more cohesive nation . . . This is an optimistic and confident future which can unite us all '' . # RoadToBrexit https : //t.co/VDrAVyCjrj
. @ theresa_may : `` The UK is also committed to establishing a far-reaching science and innovation pact with the EU , facilitating the exchange of ideas and researchers . This would enable the UK to participate in key programmes alongside our EU partners '' . # RoadToBrexit
RT @ BrandonLewis : . @ theresa_may is setting out an ambitious vision for our future partnership with the EU after Brexit . # RoadToBrexit https…
. @ theresa_may : `` Just as our partnership in goods needs to be deeper than any other Free Trade Agreement , so in services we have the opportunity to break new ground with a broader agreement than ever before '' . # RoadToBrexit
RT @ DamianGreen : The distinction between the approach to goods and services is exactly right for a deal that will be good for the UK .
RT @ fsb_policy : Encouraging to hear commitment to negotiating new trade agreements around the world while keeping trade as frictionless as…
. @ theresa_may : `` The UK has among the highest environmental and animal welfare standards of any nation on earth . As we leave the EU we will uphold environmental standards and go further to protect our shared natural heritage '' . # RoadToBrexit
. @ theresa_may : `` a fundamental principle in our negotiating strategy is that trade at the UK-EU border should be as frictionless as possible with no hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland . '' # RoadToBrexit
. @ theresa_may : `` EU citizens are an integral part of the economic , cultural and social fabric of our country . I know that UK nationals are viewed in entirely the same way by communities across the EU '' . # RoadToBrexit
. @ theresa_may on our future economic partnership with the EU : `` I want the broadest and deepest possible partnership – covering more sectors and co-operating more fully than any Free Trade Agreement anywhere in the world today '' . # RoadToBrexit https : //t.co/jBA66EhOJQ
. @ theresa_may : `` the EU should be confident that we will not engage in a race to the bottom in the standards and protections we set . There is no serious political constituency in the UK which would support this – quite the opposite '' . # RoadToBrexit
RT @ RossThomson_MP : The PM has set out 5 tests for # Brexit negotiations :

🗳Implementing the decision of the British people

⛓Reaching an en…
RT @ Mark_Spencer : PM : In the future , the EU treaties & amp ; hence EU law will no longer apply in the UK . The agreement we reach must therefore r…
RT @ ScotTories : PM on Brexit : I will do nothing that damages the integrity of our precious UK # Brexit
. @ theresa_may : `` in doing all of these things , it [ the agreement we reach with the EU ] must strengthen our union of nations and our union of people '' . # RoadToBrexit
. @ theresa_may : The agreement we reach with the EU `` must be consistent with the kind of country we want to be as we leave : a modern , open , outward-looking , tolerant , European democracy '' . # RoadToBrexit
. @ theresa_may : The agreement we reach with the EU `` must protect people ’ s jobs and security . People in the UK voted for our country to have a new and different relationship with Europe , but while the means may change our shared goals surely have not . '' # RoadToBrexit
. @ theresa_may : `` the new agreement we reach with the EU must endure . After Brexit both the UK and the EU want to forge ahead with building a better future for our people , not find ourselves back at the negotiating table because things have broken down '' . # RoadToBrexit
RT @ 10DowningStreet : The Prime Minister has laid out five tests for our future partnership with the EU # RoadtoBrexit https : //t.co/o56MduksdC
. @ theresa_may : `` The agreement we reach with the EU must respect the referendum . It was a vote to take control of our borders , laws and money . And a vote for wider change , so that no community in Britain would ever be left behind again '' . # RoadToBrexit
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Well done to @ Stewart4ClacksN and the team . Vote share up and leapfrogging Labour - going in the right direction ! http…
RT @ DavidDavisMP : Looking forward to @ theresa_may setting out our vision for the future economic partnership with the EU tomorrow . Negotiat…
RT @ ToryTransport : Great news for Yorkshire that new £200m Siemens factory could employ up to 700 people in skilled # engineering and # manuf…
RT @ theresa_may : In the current bad weather , I want to say thank you to everyone going the extra mile to keep our country moving - and to k…
Today @ theresa_may will set out an ambitious vision for the UK ’ s future economic partnership with the European Union . https : //t.co/c80CmtYITH
1.9 million more children are in good or outstanding schools than in 2010 and reading standards are the best they 've been in over 15 years . # bbcqt https : //t.co/tjdUORoDvj
Under the Coastal Communities Fund we allocated Blackpool £2m for Blackpool ’ s Lightpool project to improve its seafront Illuminations helping to boost the local economy and create more , better paying jobs # bbcqt
Last year was the greenest ever from our electricity sector and we 're going further to protect our environment by leading global efforts to phase out coal power worldwide . # bbcqt https : //t.co/TycOG7br5b
International Trade Secretary @ LiamFox on why we believe that free trade is essential to Britain 's future post Brexit . # bbcqt https : //t.co/QcjIi9PYkK
Labour 's position on Brexit would mean the UK would be unable to have an independent trade policy after we leave the European Union . # bbcqt https : //t.co/Uu82RAZyZg
This is why we need to be able to do our own trade deals around the world as we leave the European Union . # bbcqt https : //t.co/ikw1rlk5u5
Faster internet helps businesses grow and create more quality jobs .

That 's why we 're investing £67m in faster internet connections , providing vouchers worth up to £3k for small medium sized businesses or £500 to individuals to subsidise the cost of full fibre infrastructure . https : //t.co/bDLLgHsmJu
RT @ theresa_may : Tomorrow I will set out the next step on the # RoadtoBrexit https : //t.co/wcGRQmOXqN
RT @ ToryDCMS : In a statement today @ MattHancock said that @ Conservatives are working to protect local newspapers and uphold the free press…
RT @ SuellaFernandes : Happy # WorldBookDay2018 Just 10 minutes of reading a day with children can significantly improve their literacy . Thank…
The Labour leader in Cornwall Council stood down today .

Why ? In his words , Labour 's new `` far left people who have taken over are more interested in controlling the party than actually delivering things that matter : higher pay , more investment , better services . '' https : //t.co/lAcJUvK9R7
RT @ BorisJohnson : Books are a paradise , a landscape of the imagination , but tragically too many kids do n't get to experience it . That 's why…
RT @ DefenceHQ : 🇬🇧🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson has named a brand new @ RoyalNavy warship this # StDavidsDay , guess what it ’ s call…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Happy # WorldBookDay , especially to all the children getting dressed up as their favourite characters from a book . Great ne…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : It ’ s so important that we encourage a love of reading from an early age and # WorldBookDay 📚 is an important part of th…
RT @ SamGyimah : My favourite book at the moment is The Gruffalo - I have no choice , I read it every night to my children ... I 've read it more…
RT @ educationgovuk : Listen to @ DamianHinds talking about the importance of reading as we celebrate # WorldBookDay ! Get involved today ! Post…
RT @ WelshConserv : From everyone @ WelshConserv a Happy ( but snowy ! ) St David ’ s Day to people across Wales / Dydd Gwyl Dewi Hapus # StDavidsDa…
Bore da , Dydd Gŵyl Dewi Hapus ! # HappyStDavidsDay ! Here 's our Welsh MPs on the latest things we 're doing to help Wales power ahead into the 21st century . 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🌼 https : //t.co/XqRO56qxX1
🏳️‍🌈LGBT+ rights are human rights . @ Theresa_May sets out what we 've done and where we 're going . # LGBTHM18 https : //t.co/kXZxTu4ovW
RT @ LiamFox : Latest ONS figures show that in 2017 UK exports increased by 11.3 % to £617.2bn . Find out more about exporting : https : //t.co/LS…
RT @ redditchrachel : It ’ s the @ Conservatives @ cwowomen who are actually delivering for women , as the Prime Minister made clear in # PMQs this…
RT @ MarkPawsey : Maths is key for our young people to be successful in the global knowledge economy . I am pleased that we are supporting sch…
At # PMQs , @ Theresa_May makes it clear on Brexit : Labour can either agree with the Government or let down the country 🇬🇧

Let Labour know what you think . https : //t.co/niw0wI3Jz1
RT @ JamesCleverly : We are getting ready to engage and trade freely with the whole world , there is enthusiasm in both established and emergi…
People are more likely to survive cancer than ever before , people are safer in hospitals than ever before , and the NHS has twice been independently rated the best healthcare system in the world . # PMQs
The gender pay gap for full-time employees is at the lowest level on record . We want to close it completely so have brought in legislation requiring companies with more than 250 employees to publish the difference between the average pay of their male and female employees . # PMQs https : //t.co/cEbGvU8ytD
Figures out earlier this month showed that the employment rate remains at a near record high and the unemployment rate remains near its 40-year low # PMQs https : //t.co/Ux6V6cZP3g
RT @ trussliz : Own goal by Corbyn on small biz . FSB have said their members see opportunity to expand trade with rest of world . We need to t…
The @ fsb_policy on post-Brexit trade : `` The UK small business community sees the potential wins of an independent UK global trade policy . . . small businesses are pushing to export to new growth areas – the US , English-speaking nations , emerging economies and the Commonwealth '' .
This is why we need to be able to do our own trade deals around the world as we leave the European Union . # PMQs https : //t.co/6yGF1ewP80
Labour 's position on Brexit would mean we couldn ’ t do our own trade deals , we wouldn ’ t be in control of our own trade policy , and it wouldn ’ t deliver on the referendum result . # PMQs
Chief Secretary to the Treasury @ trussliz on why we 're encouraging more students to take maths beyond GCSE with our Advanced Maths Premium : https : //t.co/3oCVkevthn
RT @ JamesCleverly : Maths is key for our future success in the global knowledge economy . We are supporting schools to develop the skills we…
RT @ RobertJenrick : Many of our highest performing competitors teach maths to 18 . We ’ re offering schools a premium for every extra pupil tak…
RT @ DamianHinds : # maths is such a key subject , giving a breadth of options for further study/training , and valuable in the jobs market . Tha…
Our new Advanced Maths Premium can open more doors for young people .

Schools will receive £600 for every additional pupil who takes an advanced maths qualification , helping to ensure Britain has skills for success in the future . https : //t.co/bSoJSv6NeY
. @ LiamFox on growing demand for UK export goods : `` Markets are already out there for the best that Britain has to offer . I see it on every overseas trade visit I make . From top end fashion to high-quality cars to Scotch whisky to high-end manufacturing , the demand is growing . '' https : //t.co/Pkg9kJao4G
RT @ margot_james_mp : Great to see the launch of the @ Queer_Britain website today and I was thrilled to be involved . There are so many stor…
We believe that free trade is Britain 's future . Watch @ LiamFox explain why👇 https : //t.co/GfwA00Z7f0
RT @ BrandonLewis : We see too many examples of unacceptable language like this - it has no place in public life . https : //t.co/B9y8ZocNfB
RT @ MariaMillerUK : UK keeping pace with current & amp ; future changes in EU workers rights is central to this Government 's future trading agreem…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ LiamFox : the Government ’ s aim is to ensure that UK companies , as well as those from abroad , retain the maximum freedom to…
RT @ tradegovuk : . @ LiamFox says the pattern of trade is changing – and the UK must be where the “ golden economic opportunities of the future…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ LiamFox : The UK stands ready to offer clear leadership , to be a staunch defender of trading rights and freedoms , not only…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ LiamFox : Markets are already out there for the best that Britain has to offer . I see it on every overseas trade visit I ma…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ LiamFox `` In 2017 , we saw the highest level of Foreign Direct Investment projects landing in the United Kingdom in our hist…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ LiamFox : The United Kingdom is one of the world ’ s largest and most successful economies . We are at record levels of employ…
RT @ LiamFox : With over 2,300 exhibitors and more than 100,000 attendees , it ’ s # GREAT that so many DIT-supported UK tech businesses represen…
RT @ AdamAfriyie : When @ Conservatives want to reach out and sign free trade agreements on our own terms . Labour want us to tie us up in the…
RT @ RossThomson_MP : This is fantastic news . Thank you to @ DogsTrust and @ TheKennelClubUK for all their help . The support from colleagues an…
. @ LiamFox preparing for today 's speech on the UK 's trading future as we leave the European Union , taking back control of our borders , laws and money . # FreeTradeUK https : //t.co/pDvXasAPGr
Today our # EnergyPriceCap has been welcomed by @ GillianGuy_CAB the CEO of @ CitizensAdvice saying it is “ a significant step towards an energy market that works for everyone ” . https : //t.co/bx2PgTKRd5
We 've said it before and we 'll say it again : We will protect and build on workers ' rights as we leave the EU . https : //t.co/sWwh0nDBmD
RT @ beisgovuk : Energy Minister @ claireperrymp is introducing the # EnergyPriceCap law into Parliament this afternoon , saving 11m households…
RT @ theresa_may : It 's absolutely right that we support our brave troops . That 's why we 've just launched the 24/7 @ DefenceHQ Military Mental…
Speaking in Wales earlier today , @ DLidington said : “ Our intention : wide-ranging devolution not just away from Brussels but from Westminster too. ” https : //t.co/7ZJNCmerma
RT @ DFID_UK : . @ PennyMordaunt : “ We can not separate the aid this nation gives from the values this nation has ” # UKaid # bondconf https : //t.co/…
RT @ woman_kind : Inspiring speech by @ PennyMordaunt at # bondconf we all need to remember our values and write not just a 'to do ' list but a…
. @ DLidington : “ Our proposal is to amend the Bill before Parliament to make clear that while frameworks are being agreed , the presumption would now be that powers returning from the EU should sit at a devolved level . ”
. @ DLidington : `` The Prime Minister has been clear throughout the negotiations with the European Union that we want to preserve the standards that protect employment and workers rights , deliver consumer protection , and safeguard the environment '' .
5 . It was another excellent weekend of passionate Conservatives campaigning right across the UK for their local areas ahead of elections in May .

On the doorsteps🚪
Listening to residents 👥
Offering a positive message for you 💙

Join your local team - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/g6K7okuFjh
4 . @ GavinWilliamson on the £220 million to support the mental health of our troops :

`` I will personally be working with all the service chiefs to make sure there isn ’ t a single person in the forces who doesn ’ t know where to turn in times of trouble . '' https : //t.co/QhxaP4LJVz
3 . @ DominicRaab announced £15.8 million support for councils to deliver faster planning decisions and build quality homes . `` It will help address a major gripe of developers , particularly SMEs , and get more homes built , more swiftly - and in the right places . '' https : //t.co/LDYgEzrsKo
2 . @ theresa_may : Matt sent this to me & amp ; it 's in my office in No10 . It exemplifies how great he is at taking major political events & amp ; seeing the humour in them . It ’ s always good for politicians to laugh at ourselves & amp ; he helps us to do that . Congratulations for 30 years @ Telegraph https : //t.co/8inP8LlWfg
1 . @ LiamFox on # Marr : `` We also need to be free to orientate ourselves towards the areas where there will be more trade . '' https : //t.co/rBO2sEKdRP
It 's Monday , it 's lunchtime , it 's time for 5⃣ things you might 've missed from the weekend ... https : //t.co/gvp1XNPgKP
Today Labour confirmed they are taking a position that will mean the UK can not have an independent trade policy after Brexit .

This is what @ LiamFox says about it : https : //t.co/Z6iePsUcPi
RT @ DavidDavisMP : My Telegraph article today explains how Labour 's latest Brexit policy breaks their manifesto promises to voters . No new a…
Today , we are introducing legislation to cap energy prices and cut bills for millions of families helping them make ends meet . https : //t.co/ATcpjcikLn
Another sunny weekend , another excellent show of pride & amp ; passion from Conservatives across the UK , campaigning for their local areas ahead of elections in May .

On the doorsteps🚪
Listening to residents 👥
Offering a positive message for you 💙

Join in - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/uHqgdhbPjw
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Delighted to visit @ CommandantRSME and meet with our brilliant members of Armed Forces and civilians . Thank to you for…
Introducing 'Help to Save ' ...

A saving scheme to support working people on low incomes to build their savings . 🔼

Find out more 👉 https : //t.co/o9P1r4HXuB https : //t.co/4SkK9x9BLz
RT @ BrandonLewis : Good work by @ GavinWilliamson ensuring right support for our amazing armed services , when they need it . # conservativesdel…
. @ GavinWilliamson : I will personally be working with all the service chiefs to make sure there isn ’ t a single person in the forces who doesn ’ t know where to turn in times of trouble . https : //t.co/jpQSvF09OC
@ GavinWilliamson : I will personally be working with all the service chiefs to make sure there isn ’ t a single person in the forces who doesn ’ t know where to turn in times of trouble . https : //t.co/cIkEMQQIU1
Labour 's policy would stop us from signing free trade deals around the world – preventing the UK from seizing the opportunities that people voted for # marr
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great announcement from @ DominicRaab to further build our delivery of new homes to help more people onto the housing ladd…
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Defence Secretary to launch 24-hour service for troops https : //t.co/X2hV2ppPFK via @ MailOnline
RT @ BorisJohnson : I welcome unanimous adoption of # UN Security Council Resolution 2401 on # Syria today . Humanitarian aid and medical evacua…
RT @ beisgovuk : Science Minister @ SamGyimah visited Manchester Science Partnerships @ tweetsbymsp to meet spin-outs & amp ; start-ups which work to…
RT @ LdnConservative : Knock knock 🚪
Who ’ s there ? 🤔
Excellent services and low council tax . 🔵👊🏻 https : //t.co/y19YBtigzD
RT @ heidiallen75 : Britain has a great record on animal welfare but we are continuing to improve it further https : //t.co/IlnyBykO2p
RT @ RobertJenrick : Delighted to hear @ Airbus commit to remaining in UK “ long into the future ” and opening new R & amp ; D base in Derby https : //t.c…
We 've announced £90 million funding for the Transforming Food Production Challenge , creating ‘ Translation Hubs ’ that bring together farmers and growers , businesses , scientists , and Centres for Agricultural Innovation .

Applying the latest research to farming practice 🚜👌 https : //t.co/a0tvkVOis9
RT @ theresa_may : I 'm so pleased that @ Geoffrey4CovNW 's Organ Donation Bill has passed its second reading - # MaxsLaw is a vital change that…
. @ BrandonLewis : `` More and more young people coming to us and wanting to get involved . They ’ re getting fed up with being told , because they ’ re under 30 , they must be Corbynistas . They want to have their say ... we want to make sure they have the support . '' https : //t.co/iQlnPbYhiy
We 're backing the Organ Donation Bill - a vital change that could save thousands of lives . # OrganDonation https : //t.co/aw9I5YXFWS
Today 's ground-breaking new plans to improve patient safety in the NHS include :

✅ New systems linking prescribing data in primary care to hospital admissions .
✅ New defences for pharmacists in accidental medication errors .
✅ More electronic-prescribing systems introduced . https : //t.co/VA7TCYxVD8
Today , Health and Social Care Secretary @ Jeremy_Hunt is launching ground-breaking new measures to improve patient safety in the NHS and make it the safest healthcare system in the world . https : //t.co/Mj2bgPQDHV
RT @ CCHQPress : We are delivering on the referendum vote and are focused on getting the best Brexit deal for the whole country . This will me…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ Conservatives are transforming technical education post-16 by introducing new T-levels and overhauling apprenticeships to…
The latest UCAS data shows that university application rates for 18-year-olds remain at record levels , and that the proportion of disadvantaged students applying for university is at a record high . # bbcqt
This week the Prime Minister launched a review of post-18 education and funding to look at how we can :

✅Make the system fairer for taxpayers and students
✅Create genuine choice
✅Develop the skills our economy needs

# bbcqt https : //t.co/gBH3Q0HZ1K
Labour again refuse to sign up to our # RespectPledge or condemn inappropriate comments made by John McDonnell . # bbcqt https : //t.co/olRAkSYBIG
RT @ RobertJenrick : Investment in long-term infrastructure is at its highest level in 30 years under the @ Conservatives - today I saw anothe…
Great to see so many MPs out in Sutton with our local Conservatives today , listening to local residents about the issues that matter to them in 2018 and for the future ahead of council elections .

Join your local team - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/IVMTEgDzbz
RT @ AmberRuddHR : 2/2 We as a country can be proud that we have now resettled over 10,000 of the most vulnerable Syrian refugees from the re…
RT @ theresa_may : It was lovely to spend time with @ TessaJowell and her family , talking with @ Jeremy_Hunt about working with @ CR_UK to provi…
. @ AmberRuddHR on her visit to meet Syrian families in refugee camps in Lebanon : `` I 'm delighted that we are over half way towards honouring our commitment of resettling 20,000 people by 2020 . I 'm proud of how we have welcomed and supported some of the most vulnerable refugees . '' https : //t.co/H8EJ8vXYWA
RT @ BrandonLewis : I just voted in the House of Commons to abolish stamp duty for over 80 % of first time buyers .

Labour opposed this .

If y…
RT @ JamesCleverly : The Labour Party talk about helping people get a home but just voted against cutting stamp duty for first time buyers . h…
RT @ sajidjavid : Labour claims again & amp ; again that it wants to help young people get on the housing ladder .

So , what did 208 Labour MPs do t…
Labour missed their chance to back hardworking people today . @ PhilipHammondUK explains how 👇
https : //t.co/IG0ef7aWaI https : //t.co/nBMz6guZ7h
Labour just voted against cutting stamp duty for first-time buyers . Back our plan for hardworking people here : https : //t.co/IG0ef7aWaI https : //t.co/BcGKEkblsW
. @ theresa_may​ at # PMQs today : We want to ensure that this country takes the opportunities that will be open to us outside the EU . https : //t.co/rRAZyqZjf0
RT @ AlbertoCostaMP : Brilliant to see this , and of course , great to note that unemployment in South Leicestershire remains under 1 % . https : /…
Figures out today show the employment rate remains at a near record high and the unemployment rate remains near its 40-year low .

That 's more people able to provide for themselves and their families ✅ https : //t.co/RlHOViEsco
We are bringing forward a draft Domestic Violence and Abuse Bill which will protect victims and make sure agencies respond effectively . # PMQs
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Best run of productivity growth since before the financial crisis .

Employment at a near-record high – and unemployme…
. @ theresa_may on the Domestic Violence Bill : `` We want to ensure that we listen to all those who 've been affected . This government is committed to working to support the victims of domestic violence , but also to working to ensure that we end violence against women & amp ; girls . ''

# PMQs
. @ theresa_may : `` Which government was it that took action on zero hours contracts ? A Conservative government , not Labour . Which government is it that is ensuring workers ' voices are heard on boards of companies ? A Conservative government , not Labour . ''

# PMQs
. @ theresa_may : `` I have been clear since I became Prime Minister that this is a government that not only protects workers ' rights but enhances workers ' rights . ''

# PMQs
. @ theresa_may : `` We want to ensure that this country takes the opportunities that are open to us outside the European Union to ensure we are developing the economy of the future . ''

# PMQs
RT @ DominicRaab : Latest figures show the number of people in work up 321,000 on last year , and almost 2mn more in high skilled work since 2…
RT @ hmtreasury : Borrowing has fallen by £107 billion since 2010 – reducing the burden on future generations . https : //t.co/rGgvU7rSow
Will you back our plan that reduces taxes for millions of hardworking people , scraps stamp duty for over 80 % of 1st-time buyers and clamps down on tax avoiders so everyone pays their fair share ?

If you do , sign up here : https : //t.co/owQKVox2wC https : //t.co/ncL7lHq34Q
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Speaking alongside @ EstherMcVey1 , @ mariacaulfield , @ KatyBourne at @ cwowomen forum on how vital it is that more women becom…
RT @ DFID_UK : DFID ’ s absolute priority is to keep the world ’ s poorest and most vulnerable safe from harm .

And we should note the good peopl…
. @ michaelgove : `` We can ensure the investment is there in the future not just to make the countryside , and the country as a whole flourish , but also to enhance our environment . '' 🌳 https : //t.co/7m3k7ebmKe
RT @ MattHancock : We ’ re leading the way towards a low carbon future . Excellent piece by @ claireperrymp in today ’ s Times https : //t.co/zrj0Jn5…
An anti-enterprise Labour government would mean fewer jobs , higher taxes & amp ; less money for public services says HMT Minister @ RobertJenrick . # EEF2018 https : //t.co/npBQcgPZlT
RT @ CCHQPress : Manufacturing declined fastest as a share of the economy under Labour . Under @ Conservatives UK manufacturing output is at it…
RT @ ToryBusiness : UK manufacturing output at its highest for a decade # EEF2018 https : //t.co/Ol7bYVciDv
Later today Jeremy Corbyn will speak at # EEF2018 - this is what the former CEO of @ EEF_Insights said about his policies : https : //t.co/zX7LwthdQg
RT @ RobertJenrick : This morning @ jeremycorbyn declared war on British business - a Labour Government that hates enterprise would mean fewer…
RT @ LiamFox : Today I 'm speaking at @ EEF_Insights Manufacturing Conference . UK ’ s modern , dynamic and innovative manufacturing industry expo…
. @ DavidDavisMP : Brexit will inevitably change the way EU companies do business . It has to if we are to make good on the referendum result & amp ; carve a path for Britain to strike its own trade deals , its own immigration policy & amp ; make our courts sovereign . https : //t.co/a3lUO2y5vx
Our future economic partnership with the EU will be underpinned by two principles : fair competition , and Britain ’ s desire to lead a race to the top in global standards . https : //t.co/GJdgGMxMnl
Official stats show that UK manufacturing output is at its highest for a decade - helping to create more , higher paying jobs in an economy that is fit for the future . Later today @ LiamFox will celebrate this success when he addresses the # EEF2018 manufacturing conference . https : //t.co/iu4lxbPG5Y
RT @ ToryEnergy : In today 's Times , @ claireperrymp highlights the UK 's role in leading the world in efforts to tackle climate change .

https…
A Britain that `` respects hard work and rewards effort and industry '' no matter your background .

@ theresa_may outlines her vision for greater fairness in post-18 education while visiting Derby College . https : //t.co/VHxlkDGgcj
. @ theresa_may on our review into post-18 education and funding : `` Now is the time to take action to create a system that is flexible enough to ensure that everyone gets the education that suits them . '' https : //t.co/9navfls6lE
RT @ 10DowningStreet : This morning the PM met a group of students at Featherstone High School in Southall to talk about their hopes and plan…
5 . On # Peston , @ ScotTories leader @ RuthDavidsonMSP set the record straight on the Brexit negotiations so far . https : //t.co/VPUGbLyJ1j
4 . It was another weekend of Conservatives out and about ( mostly in glorious sun ) across the UK , spreading our positive message for brighter councils in 2018 .

There 's a place for you with us - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/U5SLZ47ay5
3 . @ MattHancock announced the signing of an Accord with the Church of England to get more signal to rural areas .

`` This agreement will mean that even a 15th century building can help make Britain fit for the future improving people ’ s lives by boosting connectivity . '' https : //t.co/p0M2BmgtPH
2 . @ JBrokenshire : 'Pleased to say that I ’ ve been recovering strongly after my lung surgery a month ago . Have had incredible love and support from family and overwhelmed by so many kind emails , letters & amp ; messages . Will be back at Westminster when the Commons returns on Tuesday 👍 ' https : //t.co/hQORZKaTAS
1 . At the Munich Security Conference , @ theresa_may made a clear offer to continue working with Europe on Security so that we can continue to keep everyone safe . https : //t.co/IkWKAkjqCC
It 's that time again - here are today 's 5⃣ things you might 've missed over the weekend ... https : //t.co/vQSTnpSbjq
Today , the Prime Minister will launch a review of post-18 education and funding which will look at how we can :

✅Make the system fairer for taxpayers and students
✅Create genuine choice
✅Develop the skills our economy needs https : //t.co/eguRCY4TtY
Here 's to everyone who spent their weekend ( mostly in glorious sun ) across the UK spreading Conservatives ' positive message for brighter councils in 2018 . We 're proud to have you in our team .

Want to make a difference ? There 's a place for you with us - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/lKU9z8zFN6
On # Peston this morning Scottish Conservatives leader @ RuthDavidsonMSP sets the record straight on the Brexit negotiations so far . https : //t.co/z9zZtXyNJh
RT @ MattHancock : News today : we ’ ve signed an Accord with the Church of England to get more signal to rural areas . Combining the best of the…
✅1.9 million more children attending good and outstanding schools , compared with 2010 .
✅England joint 8th place in the Progress in International Reading Literacy Study , up from 19th .
✅Proportion of disadvantaged students applying for university at a record high .
# Marr
The latest UCAS data shows that university application rates for 18-year-olds remain at record levels , and that the proportion of disadvantaged students applying for university is at a record high . # Marr
Without a strong economy we wo n't be able to fund the world class public services on which we all rely . This is what @ AngelaRayner said earlier this year about Labour 's approach to the economy . # Marr https : //t.co/F4XgcXfmRr
. @ theresa_may makes a clear offer to continue to work with Europe on Security so that we can continue to keep everyone safe https : //t.co/8N8WJwmTqA
RT @ BrandonLewis : so many colleagues out talking to residents across the country for @ Conservatives # goodworkteam # canyouseeyourself https : …
RT @ BrandonLewis : Top conservatives team out in Great Yarmouth today . # campaign18 # conservativesdeliver https : //t.co/8PobLPIcRb
RT @ BorisJohnson : The pangolin is the most trafficked mammal in the world . It 's vitally important that we stamp out this trade and save the…
. @ theresa_may `` It is in all our interests to find ways to protect the capabilities which underpin our co-operation when the UK becomes a European country outside the EU but in a new partnership with it . ''
RT @ DExEUgov : Today marks the start of the 54th annual @ MunSecConf .

We will continue to use our security and defence expertise to keep # …
RT @ foreignoffice : To all those celebrating both here and around the world , we wish you a very happy Chinese New Year ! 🇬🇧🇨🇳

# HappyChineseN…
RT @ 10DowningStreet : PM in Berlin meeting Chancellor Merkel for productive talks on foreign affairs , security and Brexit . https : //t.co/54AM…
RT @ redditchrachel : Day Three and I ’ m doing well ! Carrying my coffee ☕️ cup wherever I go . # GiveUpPlasticForLent @ GiveUpPlastic https : //t.c…
Patients should come first , not legal firms . That 's why we 're introducing a cap on legal fees paid to lawyers in clinical negligence cases , saving up to £45 million a year . https : //t.co/wyA8T99lFT
These MPs are giving up something that we all use for Lent . Will you join them ? # GiveUpPlasticForLent ♻️🐋🌍 https : //t.co/demD2MKGby
RT @ dwppressoffice : As of today , one million employers across the country have now automatically enrolled their staff into a workplace pens…
Since we launched Automatic Enrolment in 2012 , 9 million employees have been able to save for a financially secure future with a workplace pension . https : //t.co/ssSGROiqjO
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Good to meet the team @ Google and hear about what they are doing to take down terrorist content from the internet and dis…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Keeping people safe is my priority so I 've come to California to meet a range of major internet companies as we work out t…
@ RonnieMushiso Lovely to see . Proud to have you both . Keep up the great work !
. @ AmberRuddHR on how our new extremist content detection can disrupt terrorist recruitment and protect the British public .

`` Automatic technology like this can heavily disrupt the terrorists ’ actions , as well as prevent people from ever being exposed to these horrific images . '' https : //t.co/pV6RSceG6p
RT @ BrandonLewis : Labour ’ s renationalisation plans are not only expensive but dangerous , my piece for @ timesredbox @ thetimes today . https…
Stopping terrorist propaganda - like that of Daesh - before it ever reaches the internet .

With new technology developed by the @ ukhomeoffice and @ ASIDataScience that can detect 94 % of Daesh content with 99.995 % accuracy , this is now a reality . https : //t.co/ydXF0bjgWC
RT @ AmberRuddHR : After the first meeting of the Global Internet Forum for Countering Terrorism last summer , I 'm back in Silicon Valley to d…
. @ JoJohnsonUK : `` We are committed as a government to a cleaner and greener transport system and so today I 've announced that we want to see all diesel-only trains off our tracks by 2040 . '' https : //t.co/L13iS25MAg
RT @ SamGyimah : At my visit to @ unibirmingham , I asked students to tell me the one thing they would do if they had my job for a day and here…
5 . Labour spoke about deciding the price of water 💧 . John McDonnell said Parliament would decide the cost of renationalising the water companies . That means higher prices , more borrowing and higher taxes . https : //t.co/SljpFB0RQ5
4 . It was another busy weekend of proud Conservatives - come 🌧 or ☀️ - listening to what really matters to local residents and spreading our positive message for councils across the country in 2018 .

Join in - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/WfLfNz3TST
3 . @ BorisJohnson : `` Visited Cox 's Bazar in # Bangladesh to meet Rohingya families and hear first hand the persecution they have suffered . Experience has strengthened my commitment to work with international partners to improve their lives . '' https : //t.co/K0ysLTeYeF
2 . @ PennyMordaunt on # oxfamscandal : `` If the moral leadership at the top of the organisation is not there , we can not have you as a partner . ''

Watch - https : //t.co/2k4HzlY04l https : //t.co/6YwBdvmW7e
1 . @ theresa_may : `` Great to be out in Barnet this weekend to hear from residents and support the work of our Conservative Council . '' https : //t.co/XRzPSt31x6
Time now for the 5⃣ things you might 've missed this weekend : https : //t.co/WSWKmfhvJe
RT @ BorisJohnson : Shocked at what I saw during tour of northern # Rakhine . The devastation of hundreds of villages torched . UK already a maj…
. @ JoJohnsonUK : `` This government is now injecting record levels of investment in the railway to help it grow further . '' https : //t.co/RjbSSfP1Mz
From Stoke to Southampton and from Lewisham to Leeds , it 's been another busy weekend of proud Conservatives come 🌧 or ☀️ listening to what really matters to residents and spreading our positive message for councils across the country in 2018 .

Join in - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/bmd5Q3gig0
Labour want to decide the price of water 💧 . John McDonnell has said that Parliament would decide the cost of renationalising the water companies . That means higher prices , more borrowing and higher taxes https : //t.co/oEDuJlpV34
RT @ RobertJenrick : When John McDonnell says “ Parliament will determine the price ” of nationalising , he means the pensions of millions being…
RT @ beisgovuk : Investing in skills & amp ; removing disparities to help girls realise their potential in STEM subjects is a key commitment of the…
RT @ MelJStride : Labour ’ s wholesale nationalisation plans - we would ALL pay for it . # allwellandtrulyinittogether https : //t.co/gcB7s6SSKF
. @ UKLabour plans for nationalisation would cost £176bn in borrowing # peston https : //t.co/CMpYH0FZC3
RT @ theresa_may : Really great to join Mike Freer MP and the @ Finchleytories team and talk to so many locals about the issues that matter to…
. @ theresa_may : Great to be out in Barnet this weekend to hear from residents and support the work of our Conservative Council https : //t.co/a94HOq4q2O
John McDonnell pretends that Labour ’ s plans for renationalisation would cost “ absolutely nothing ” . The independent @ CPSThinkTank found it would actually require at least £176 billion more borrowing . https : //t.co/FldYOGJsiv
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Manufacturing is enjoying the longest unbroken run of growth in 30 years .

Encouraging statistics from @ ONS showing we…
. @ trussliz on what Labour ’ s renationalisation plans mean for you and your family👇 https : //t.co/4Vcqp6WegL
RT @ BrandonLewis : # labourfail # labourcouncilfail this is how Labour can let communities down https : //t.co/AVFy0VrJHO
Good luck to all the @ TeamGB athletes competing at the Winter Olympics ! # PyeongChang2018 # OpeningCeremony https : //t.co/wKupsqwLwA
Yesterday our Armed Forces ( Flexible Working ) Bill became law . Defence Secretary @ GavinWilliamson explained : `` This change will make it significantly easier for service personnel to raise their children , care for elderly relatives , or look after an ill family member . '' https : //t.co/us0Z1a22QA
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Delighted to visit Leicester on a Community Engagement Visit meeting students and members of the Local Community listen…
The number of first-time buyers is at its highest level in a decade , but we want to help even more people buy a home of their own . That 's why we 're building the homes Britain needs , cutting stamp duty for 95 % of first time buyers and supporting Help to Buy . https : //t.co/srtJ8oZAe9
RT @ teamdonelan : Last night the vote to approve the Police grant was passed by 295 votes to 239 . @ conservatives plans will allow up to £450…
RT @ bbcquestiontime : . @ claireperrymp says it is a good thing for the tone of debate if more women are involved in politics # bbcqt https : //t…
RT @ CCHQPress : Labour voted against the EU Withdrawal Bill at Third Reading . They put playing politics above the national interest and it i…
This is what the Shadow Chancellor 's own adviser thinks about what Labour would do to our economy . Without a strong economy we wo n't be able to continue to fund our world-class public services . # bbcqt https : //t.co/zvqDmVdeln
RT @ CCHQPress : Labour crashed our economy the last time and admit they would risk doing it all over again # bbcqt https : //t.co/FUP87tntDj
Here 's how we ’ re delivering on our pledge to protect and build on workers ’ rights in a changing world of work . # bbcqt https : //t.co/nraWIOlPt2
The gender pay gap for full-time employees is at the lowest level on record . We want to close it completely so have brought in legislation requiring companies with more than 250 employees to publish the difference between the average pay of their male and female employees . # bbcqt https : //t.co/1etqdli8YV
RT @ NimkoAli : The Tory party is leading the work to # endFGM and these two women are some of the new FDL members . Thank you @ PennyMordaunt a…
RT @ DamianHinds : I want every young person to feel confident and supported , whatever challenges they face , and to know it ’ s ok to ask for h…
RT @ RobertJenrick : Good news from the Bank of England today on real wages https : //t.co/G6Yw8wBDBY
RT @ SeemaKennedy : Great news that @ Conservatives are not just creating more good jobs with fair pay & amp ; conditions , but are protecting # worke…
Millions will benefit from enhanced rights as @ GregClarkMP leads our efforts to become one of the first countries to address the challenges of a changing world of work . https : //t.co/v5CiA683kr
RT @ MattHancock : Our # fintech sector is roaring ahead with 150 % growth last year & amp ; record investment of over £1.3 billion . Fantastic news f…
RT @ Chance2Shine : . @ MattHancock helped us celebrate a £3 million grant for Chance to Shine Street from @ Sport_England .

Street gives child…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Delighted we are welcoming The Gambia🇬🇲 back to the # Commonwealth family , a partnership of 53 countries building a more p…
RT @ VotePursglove : Despite the rhetoric , not only did # Labour propose that Police spending be CUT by 10 % not that long ago - when we voted…
RT @ LeoDochertyUK : This is what we @ Conservatives are doing to keep energy bills down https : //t.co/wuew0dqewZ
Today , we 've announced a call for evidence on banning third-party puppy sales and laid down a raft of measures in Parliament to crackdown on unscrupulous puppy breeders , as we take further steps to raise the bar on animal welfare standards . https : //t.co/NEEIW2K84Z
Today we made sure UK counter-terrorism policing received an extra £50 million from a £450 million increase in police funding .

What did Labour do today ? Voted against it . https : //t.co/G4hFKnxvmT
RT @ BrandonLewis : Shocked that Labour today voted against police increasing funding # labourfail https : //t.co/V1vPimrcmO
`` This change to our election law means people can still vote without having to put themselves or their children at risk by letting their address be known . ''

By @ NorwichChloe , Conservative MP for Norwich North https : //t.co/MQCd2udDp1
In Parliament Labour just opposed the legislation that will deliver up to an additional £450 million investment in policing , including £50 million extra for counter terrorism policing . https : //t.co/EoupCa6ANp
RT @ CSkidmoreUK : Speaking with @ bbcrb later on the legislation on improving anonymous electoral registration for survivors of domestic viol…
What you need to see from # PMQs today 👇 https : //t.co/iteLTX33cQ
We ’ ve committed £1 billion to tackle rough sleeping and homelessness .
But it ’ s not only about money so we ’ re implementing the Homelessness Reduction Act – to help more people get tailored support sooner when they ’ re at risk of homelessness . # PMQs
Chief Executive of NHS England : “ What ’ s been achieved in England over the past three years ? Highest cancer survival rates ever – latest survival figures show an estimated 7000+ more people surviving cancer after successful NHS cancer treatment ” . # PMQs
RT @ BorisJohnson : Honoured to put my moniker on the Suffrage flag as part of @ xGovCentenary events celebrating 100 yrs of women in Public S…
RT @ BrandonLewis : You need to see what John McDonnell ’ s adviser said about the consequences of a future Labour government . # PMQs 🗣 https : //…
This is what McDonnell 's adviser confirmed : a Labour government would see capital flight and a run on the pound - damaging our economy and putting people 's jobs at risk . # PMQs https : //t.co/NGblwX5Y3U
Anyone caught in possession of a knife for a second time will now face a custodial sentence . # PMQs
RT @ trussliz : You have to be open about what is happening to deal with it . PM right to expose issues of domestic violence and sex abuse pre…
RT @ hbaldwin : Really good to see @ worcscc cracking on with this . I have been calling for it since 2007 , and am so pleased to see it happeni…
We 've protected overall police spending in real terms since the 2015 Spending Review and for 2018/19 there will be up to an additional £450 million investment in policing . # PMQs https : //t.co/x07fKNJDCG
RT @ Number10gov : This evening the PM marked # Vote100 at a reception @ UKParliament # StillMarching # 100years https : //t.co/9yKdiE6uOv
RT @ bbradleymp : Great news that @ Conservatives are protecting workers rights , fairplay and transparency to ensure we lead the way in dealin…
RT @ ToryBusiness : Under the Conservatives , unemployment is at a forty year low and we have record levels of people in work . This morning th…
Today we 're giving millions of flexible workers new rights that are fit for the future in a changing world of work :

We 're protecting workers ' rights ✅
We 're ensuring workers are paid fairly ✅
We 're increasing transparency in the business environment ✅

# IndustrialStrategy https : //t.co/GwFULf4UIO
This morning we ’ re delivering on our pledge to protect and build on workers ’ rights , by publishing the Good Work plan in response to the Matthew Taylor Review that will support businesses to create better , higher paying jobs . https : //t.co/l38QJU3Vcu
RT @ NimkoAli : I love this . I am not a Tory , but for me a former child refugee ignored for years to be listened to and supported by the Cons…
Today is the International Day of Zero Tolerance for FGM ( Female Genital Mutilation ) .

We are very proud to be backing the fight to # endFGM.🔻

Here is anti-FGM campaigner @ NimkoAli on how our investment is making a difference : https : //t.co/31gbq3mabC
RT @ NickyMorgan01 : Great to join fellow MPs @ vickyford @ AnneMilton & amp ; Karen Bradley for photos in the historic @ UKParliament Westminster Hal…
RT @ theresa_may : I want to see more women entering Parliament . I would say to any woman that does , be yourself , do n't feel you 've got to ju…
RT @ JustineGreening : Brilliant day with women MPs in Parliament celebrating 100 years since women got the vote . Now we need to work for a @ …
. @ Theresa_May : ‘ As the woman at the head of our government , a century after my grandmothers were given the right to vote , my mission is clear : build that better future for all our people - a country that works for everyone and a democracy in which every voice is heard. ’ # Vote100 https : //t.co/cr0IZNcmDj
. @ Theresa_May : `` Each day in Downing Street when I pass the framed portraits of my 53 predecessors , 52 of whom were men , I focus not on what I can say but on what I can do to make our country a better place '' . # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : `` At its best , British public life is characterised by the values which we have traditionally been most proud of as a nation . Fierce rivalry , yes , but also common decency . A rejection of extremism and absolutism '' . # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : `` To address this challenge to our public debate , we will launch a review to examine the sustainability of our national and local press . A free press is one of the foundations on which our democracy is built and it must be preserved '' . # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : `` Over 200 local papers have closed since 2005 . This is dangerous for our democracy . When trusted and credible news sources decline , we can become vulnerable to news which is untrustworthy '' . # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : `` Changes in technology are having a profound impact on one of the cornerstones of our public debate – our free press . Good quality journalism provides us with the information and analysis we need to inform our viewpoints and conduct a genuine discussion '' . # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : `` In our universities , which should be bastions of free thought and expression , we have seen the efforts of politicians and academics to engage in open debate frustrated by an aggressive and intolerant minority '' . # Vote100 https : //t.co/dOgZZoJ4uz
. @ Theresa_May : `` We will take action to make our electoral process more robust and offer greater protections for people taking part in elections . While intimidation is already a crime , we will consult on making it an offence in law to intimidate candidates '' . # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : ‘ My Party has already put in place a new code of conduct which puts respect and decency at its core . We have proposed that the other parties follow us in signing a # RespectPledge for all campaigning . I hope that they will take us up on that suggestion. ’ # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : ‘ Social media – which can and should be a force for good in our democracy – are being exploited and abused , often anonymously . British democracy has always been robust and oppositional . But a line is crossed when disagreement mutates into intimidation. ’ # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : ‘ Today , the ideal of a truly plural and open public sphere where everyone can take part is in danger . A tone of bitterness and aggression has entered into our public debate. ’ # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : ‘ Today , I am proud to serve as Britain ’ s second female prime minister in a Parliament with more female MPs than ever before. ’ # Vote100 https : //t.co/GDnACgFBod
. @ Theresa_May : `` The competition of ideas leading to collective progress and improvement . Respect for those with different viewpoints . These principles have been at the heart of the British tradition of liberty for generations '' . # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : `` Britain ’ s liberal democracy has long been respected around the world for its tolerance and decency . It is defined by values which have a universal appeal . Freedom of thought and expression within laws which are democratically made '' # Vote100
. @ Theresa_May : `` As @ Conservatives Leader , and co-founder of @ Women2Win , working to encourage women to stand for public office , I ’ m proud Emmeline Pankhurst was one of our pioneers , chosen as Conservative candidate for the Whitechapel & amp ; St Georges constituency in 1928 '' . # Vote100
RT @ BorisJohnson : 100yrs ago changes to the law meant some women could vote for the 1st time–a step forward but only a few were given the r…
RT @ Richard4Watford : Proud to be raising the suffrage flag this morning with @ claireperrymp & amp ; @ GregClarkMP . Marking the centenary of # votes…
We ’ re celebrating # 100years of the first women winning the right to vote . But we ’ ve still got a way to go to make sure more women are involved in politics - so if you know a great local campaigner , # AskHerToStand # Vote100 https : //t.co/M0fioLY6fY
RT @ ConMEPs : Celebrating # Votes100 in the best way we can - off to vote in the European Parliament on behalf of our constituents # 100years…
RT @ vickyford : At the start of a special day with some wonderful women MP to celebrate 100 years since # votesforwomen # Vote100 # 100years ht…
RT @ cj_dinenage : Celebrating # Votes100 # Suffragette100 # 100yearsofExtraordinaryWomen with 2 of my Hampshire pals @ carolinenokes & amp ; @ PennyMor…
RT @ willquince : Today marks 100 years since The Representation of the People Act giving some women the vote for the first time . I have two…
RT @ BrandonLewis : # 100yearsofExtraordinaryWomen https : //t.co/BVaecnMmDa
One hundred years ago today some women won the right to vote - these are a few of their stories 🎥 # Vote100 https : //t.co/fNYSJRcwQg
RT @ AthertonNWales : Tomorrow the choice is clear .

Vote Welsh Labour and get more of the same - broken promises and broken services from C…
Figures released today show that under the Conservatives the proportion of 18-year-olds from disadvantaged areas applying to university has risen to record levels . 🎓 https : //t.co/CNzE9klj7U
Today in Parliament , Work and Pensions Secretary @ EstherMcVey1 highlighted that under the Conservatives unemployment is at its lowest in forty years meaning more people have the security of a pay packet . https : //t.co/04KjBQVhyw
5 . From Stirling to South Woodford and from Plymouth to Putney , proud Conservatives were spreading our positive message across the UK , listening to residents ahead of local elections in May .

Join in - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/onmN4qhnA9
4 . @ BrandonLewis said : `` We are going to change the law to make it against the law for people to intimidate people . '' https : //t.co/RJbSdirXvs
3 . @ redditchrachel launched @ RedditchTories # Vote100 # Equalitea campaign . `` A full program of events planned for our community for all to join in to commemorate our fabulous # suffragette pioneers in # Worcs and nationally ! # Redditch '' https : //t.co/NMTNGmUuCM
2 . Ahead of # Vote100 , @ theresa_may revealed plans to end intimidation in politics : https : //t.co/BwDU1xTpdF
1 . Labour welcomes back banned activists and Holocaust denier : https : //t.co/KamubvFa1l

Momentum plots to hijack ‘ democracy review ’ and purge moderate councillors : https : //t.co/yRw8yyxsSq https : //t.co/bAhQkGR6JZ
Time for today 's 5⃣ things you might 've missed over the weekend : https : //t.co/zYxJGyGLJk
We 're doubling the immigration health surcharge - helping to protect and sustain our NHS for generations to come , while also offering temporary migrants access to world-class health care at a much lower cost than many other countries . https : //t.co/E6oJZFb3ik
This week @ theresa_may will urge politicians on all sides to `` take a stand for decency , tolerance and respect '' . https : //t.co/37tkZbKF2J
. @ BrandonLewis : `` We ’ ll protect free speech by stepping up our speaker programme – making sure Conservative voices are heard in universities across the country '' . https : //t.co/QNFdgIwvLP
. @ BrandonLewis : We are going to change the law to make it against the law for people to intimidate people , # sundaypolitics https : //t.co/9PxeYLpCES
RT @ GregHands : As ever with Corbyn , it ’ s worth checking what he does , not just what he says ... . https : //t.co/UKOXG3mTVm
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : @ ReadingLabour @ ReadingCouncil . @ ReadingLabour your casual dismissal of # bullying , # misogyny and # Antisemitism in # Labo…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Well done Jacob for standing up to the mob . Free speech and debate are vital at universities
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : . @ ReadingLabour just listen to this - it 's a shocking commentary on # Labour in 2018 . A once decent party taken over by…
RT @ MarrShow : `` Only by having woman in government do you get woman 's lives properly considered ''

@ AmberRuddHR says @ HarrietHarman is an ex…
Amber Rudd : It 's 100 years since women got the vote and it is something absolutely to celebrate . # Marr https : //t.co/A4IBIOjKWT
RT @ BrandonLewis : Taking the message out onto doorsteps across the country # teamwork @ Conservatives # canyouseeyourself https : //t.co/w3gGJ0v…
. @ stellacreasy : It is time for the party to act on sexism and antisemitism in @ UKLabour # Peston
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : Remarkable reaction from @ Jacob_Rees_Mogg . Abuse and aggression of the like in politics is completely abhorrent and una…
. @ AmberRuddHR : The women in sporting events that really inspire me are women in football . Women playing on the field . Those are the women that I want young girls to follow # marr
RT @ Anna_Soubry : .ClaireKober spoke as she found and concluded her experiences show the danger to democracy when ideology trounces pragmati…
RT @ MarrShow : Leader of @ haringeycouncil @ ClaireKober tells # marr that in the last two years , she has experienced `` threats , bullying , intim…
From Stirling to South Woodford and from Plymouth to Putney , it 's been fantastic to see so many proud Conservatives out and about across the UK this weekend , spreading our positive message and listening to residents ahead of elections in May .

Join in - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/3Fcvg0PWhN
Will Jeremy Corbyn now sign up to our Respect Pledge for future elections ? As @ BrandonLewis said last month : https : //t.co/aXLLa8SSyA
RT @ BrandonLewis : Robust debate is essential but intimidation , abuse and violence like this tonight have no place in our politics . https : //…
RT @ DFID_UK : . @ PennyMordaunt and @ Rihanna met to discuss the importance of making sure every child gets a quality education .

# FundEducati…
Would you gamble with Labour ? Even they do n't fancy their chances 🎲 https : //t.co/81DURVfwi8
. @ theresa_may : “ what I am showing here in China is how we can ensure that we actually enhance our trade with the rest of the world as well . Why do we want to do that , because it is good for people in Britain , it 's good for jobs in Britain ” . https : //t.co/tj4cJXdJCv
RT @ CCHQPress : Under @ Conservatives the economy has grown 17 % since 2010 # bbcqt https : //t.co/ljEdVv4Tzo
Our investment in infrastructure is helping businesses to expand , create jobs and keep our economy growing . # bbcqt https : //t.co/aNvnMIkqGC
We 're committed to getting the best Brexit deal , delivering control of our laws , money and borders - while building a new deep and special partnership with the EU . # bbcqt https : //t.co/XcvRlpnAPB
RT @ CCHQPress : Since 2010 standards in schools have been rising across the country # bbcqt https : //t.co/NfOSD6f3HN
We 're investing £44 billion to raise housing supply to its highest level since the 1970s # bbcqt https : //t.co/xav78my7NE
. @ sajidjavid : `` We are absolutely determined to build the homes this country needs . '' 🏘 https : //t.co/iEuRImAR9I
RT @ sajidjavid : With @ PhilipHammondUK in Leicester to see how first wave of our £5bn Housing Infrastructure Fund is unlocking 200,000 new h…
RT @ Number10gov : On # TimetoTalk Day , let ’ s work together to break the silence around mental health . https : //t.co/RVBxhlRYOu
RT @ Number10gov : Today the PM has announced new UK-China action to end the illegal wildlife trade # PMinChina

https : //t.co/gDJCEhuwkq http…
Housing Minister @ DominicRaab explains how we are helping to build the homes Britain needs - meaning more young people can get onto the property ladder . # unlockinghousing https : //t.co/8wSMCVsgFG
We are committed to building the homes people need , so everyone can afford a safe , decent place to live - that 's why today we 're announcing the first wave of funding from the £5 billion Housing Infrastructure Fund . https : //t.co/5hZ95l6b4u
RT @ BorisJohnson : Pleasure to speak at @ WWF event today , celebrating action from China to stop terrible illegal ivory trade . Welcome news t…
Today the Health Secretary @ Jeremy_Hunt set out steps to end patient suicides under the care of mental health services . To support these plans , we 've invested £25 million to improve the quality of suicide prevention across the country . https : //t.co/zeJUprEFuY
RT @ Number10gov : The PM has announced a number of new exchanges and deals to continue to grow our education relationship with China # PMinCh…
. @ theresa_may is in China for talks with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on post-Brexit investment in the UK . The PM has also met with young entrepreneurs at Wuhan University , and spoke with scientists beside the Yangtze River about pollution and the protection of wildlife . # PMinChina https : //t.co/QKQjbDijQS
RT @ BrandonLewis : What a ridiculous comment . We have our 2nd woman as PM & amp ; it was @ theresa_may who led from the front with @ Women2Win & amp ; @ Ba…
Ahead of # Vote100 next week @ DLidington says at # PMQs all political parties should encourage more women to come forward as candidates – but that as we ’ ve had two women leaders Labour have a bit of catching up to do . https : //t.co/8GPdYeiiVx
RT @ SamGyimah : The @ jodrellbank Observatory is such a great nomination of a # UNESCO World Heritage Site – the first of its kind in the worl…
UK manufacturing output is at a 10 year high - helping to create more , higher paying jobs and build an economy that is fit for the future . # PMQs https : //t.co/tp9R9rRjoW
Our investment in infrastructure is helping businesses to expand , create jobs and keep our economy growing . # PMQs https : //t.co/HC488oTByG
RT @ CCHQPress : David Lidington : Our reforms have already raised school standards , we have seen almost 2 million more pupils in good or outs…
Our reforms to education have narrowed the gap between disadvantaged secondary school pupils and their peers - helping children from all backgrounds go as far as their talents will take them . # PMQs https : //t.co/V5OVHhwvU1
RT @ CCHQPress : When Labour are in charge- they leave the country worse off for future generations :

Council tax DOUBLED
Unemployment ROSE…
In April the personal allowance will rise again - meaning a typical taxpayer will then pay £1,075 less income tax a year than they did in 2010 . This is part of how we 're making the economy work for everyone and helping people with the cost of living . # PMQs https : //t.co/sDKGsDVZTr
RT @ CCHQPress : No fewer than 97 members of Labour 's shadow Cabinet have resigned or been sacked under Jeremy Corbyn # PMQs
We 're investing £1.9 billion supporting the National Cyber Security Strategy to keep our country safe # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ theresa_may speaking in China this morning . Under the @ Conservatives :
✅We ’ ve cut stamp duty for 95 % of 1st time buyers
✅H…
RT @ Number10gov : The Prime Minister is in China for a three day visit to build on the existing strong ties between our two countries # PMinC…
Today @ theresa_may has set out an ambitious new approach to UK-China education , bolstering our already strong relationship and creating jobs and opportunity in the UK . https : //t.co/Qs6qzR5c0T
Minister of State for School Standards @ NickGibbUK :

✅Standards are rising in our primary and secondary schools .
✅1.9m more pupils in good or outstanding schools since 2010 .
✅91 % of young people taking at least two science GCSEs . https : //t.co/DiQVYRUrSa
The Labour leader of @ haringeycouncil stood down today .

Why ? In her words , this is how Jeremy Corbyn 's Momentum group treated her : https : //t.co/AU5zUmw4yT
We 've cut income tax for 31 million people and a typical taxpayer now pays £1,000 less than they did in 2010 . This is part of how we 're making the economy work for everyone and helping people with the cost of living . https : //t.co/gUeONcJyot
We 're investing £44 billion to deliver an average of 300,000 new homes a year - raising housing supply to its highest level since the 1970s and helping more people have a place to call their own . https : //t.co/2EqEmCMzxi
New figures from @ Cebr_uk and @ YouGov reveal the largest jump in consumer confidence in a year - after bright GDP growth . Growing a strong economy in which people can get on with their lives and help contribute to a Britian that is fit for the future is in all of our interests . https : //t.co/RT2WXjvBwP
. @ MattHancock : Today ’ s figures show that 95 % of the UK now has access to superfast broadband , meaning more people are better connected than ever before . https : //t.co/gYtwultURz
RT @ SamGyimah : I 'm pleased to announce a £14m boost for 5 research projects led by @ UniofOxford @ LancasterUni @ UofGlasgow & amp ; @ LivUni to help…
RT @ DominicRaab : Better economic growth , more confident consumers and workers feeling more secure - positive economic news to clear the Jan…
5 . @ DLidington explained how we 're getting on with the job of delivering a Britain fit for the future :

✅ Unemployment at its lowest level in 40 years
✅ Employment at a record high
✅ Borrowing lower than expected
✅ Growth higher than expected https : //t.co/0zT6Th53iL
4 . @ sajidjavid announced a new crackdown on rogue parking firms .

Find out more about the protections : https : //t.co/PW3EhbXlVq https : //t.co/aqhsyfYOVm
3 . Our volunteer teams were campaigning up and down the country , pounding the pavements , knocking on doors and listening to what really matters to local residents ahead of council elections in May .

Want to join in ? - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/VRs3swzakJ
2 . Saturday marked this year 's # HolocaustMemorialDay . As our MPs and @ theresamay signed the @ HolocaustUK 's Book of Commitment , Communities Secretary @ sajidjavid said : https : //t.co/aX01hCmpDr
1 . The number of first-time buyers was revealed to be the highest level since 2007 , showing our mission to house the nation , backed by practical policies like our stamp duty cut , is making good progress . 🏘️ https : //t.co/aCjm4pcWO4
It 's that time again ...

Here are 5⃣ things you might 've missed from the weekend . https : //t.co/4HdpmsDtn7
The CEO of Openreach welcomes the news that the Government has delivered on its promise to take superfast broadband to 95 % of UK premises . https : //t.co/hWvDVECA1H
We 've delivered on our commitment to extend superfast broadband to 95 per cent of UK premises - meaning more people are better connected and helping to create 50,000 new jobs . https : //t.co/Fl5jxC3R6G
. @ MattHancock : “ We have hit the target of 95 per cent of people having access to super-fast broadband ” . https : //t.co/dPK3shVWh2
On # Marr @ DLidington shows how we are delivering a Britain fit for the future :

✅ Unemployment at its lowest level in 40 years
✅ Employment at a record high
✅ Borrowing lower than expected
✅ Growth higher than expected https : //t.co/JQpcaEvLWx
on # Marr @ DLidington reminds us that unemployment is at a four decade low - meaning more people have the security of work and the ability to provide for themselves and their families . https : //t.co/5WOpJ70F7a
Figures released this week showed that the attainment gap between disadvantaged secondary school pupils and their peers has narrowed - our reforms are helping children from all backgrounds fulfil their potential . # Marr https : //t.co/VvRWGgbFxO
RT @ BrandonLewis : Another range of @ Conservatives out campaigning for their local communities . # Teamwork # 3 https : //t.co/H55zIq0l4I
RT @ BrandonLewis : So many great @ Conservatives teams out in all weathers today # Teamwork # 2 https : //t.co/KlwREdIaca
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great to have so many @ Conservatives teams out across the country today # teamwork # 1 https : //t.co/2HQXf54xVe
On # HolocaustMemorialDay we remember the millions of lives lost and those who survived . We pledge to # NeverForget https : //t.co/tBgT4HiA2j
RT @ Number10gov : The Prime Minister is among over 400 MPs to sign @ HolocaustUK 's Book of Commitment for # HolocaustMemorialDay https : //t.co/…
RT @ theresa_may : On # HolocaustMemorialDay we stand together to honour the lives lost and those who survived . I pledge do everything in my p…
Today ’ s news from the Halifax that the number of first-time buyers is at the highest level since 2007 shows our mission to deliver the homes we need , backed by practical policies like our stamp duty cut for first-time buyers , is making good progress . https : //t.co/cNKVa8tw76
RT @ PennyMordaunt : Thank you @ BillGates for your investment alongside # UKaid in UK science to protect farmers here and overseas : a win for…
Our reforms are helping children from all backgrounds to fulfil their potential . The attainment gap between disadvantaged secondary school pupils and their peers has narrowed by 3.2 % since last year and 10 % since 2011. https : //t.co/Au2dulbmrS
We ’ re building a Britain fit for the future . Here ’ s how : https : //t.co/eDncajOy8J
RT @ BrandonLewis : We need a strong economy to fund the public services on which we all rely like schools and hospitals . That ’ s why it ’ s gr…
A strong economy is vital to make sure that we can help businesses create better , higher paying jobs and are able fund our schools and hospitals . Official statistics published today show that our economy continues to grow - it has now grown by almost 17 % since 2010. https : //t.co/Bczi3QhGEX
Labour talk about renationalisation but have refused 29 times to say how much it would cost . The independent @ CPSThinkTank have revealed Labour 's `` fantasy economics '' which would mean £176 billion more borrowing and would n't improve services . # bbcqt https : //t.co/T1BsWbSHsx
RT @ CCHQPress : Here is your evidence Momentum are ousting moderates from local government - putting politics before people # bbcqt https : //t…
In Government we have a strong record on women ’ s rights in the workplace . The gender pay gap is at a record low for full-time employees and there is a higher percentage of women on company boards than ever before . # bbcqt
Under the Conservatives patient outcomes are improving in our NHS - which has been ranked the world ’ s best healthcare system . # bbcqt https : //t.co/PUtqTvGCRA
The only place where NHS funding has been cut is in Labour-run Wales . # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : The only thing Chris Williamson is consistent about is wanting to raise your council tax # bbcqt # sameoldlabour
NHS funding has risen year on year and is at record levels since we ’ ve been in government . Outcomes are improving and the NHS has been rated the best healthcare system in the world . # bbcqt
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Just been privileged to listen to incredible powerful and moving speech in the Lords by Tessa Jowell on the need to speed…
RT @ MattHancock : We ’ re rising to the challenge of changing technology & amp ; making sure it works for everyone . Spot on from the Prime Minister…
RT @ SamGyimah : This will allow universities , employers & amp ; industry leaders to work together to get graduates learning the right skills , from…
Speaking at # wef18 @ theresa_may sets out how we should n't shut innovative business like Uber down , but make sure they work for both customers and employees instead . https : //t.co/BGThFXHdwz
. @ GavinWilliamson : “ we can ’ t have prosperity without security ” . https : //t.co/CG4xzFwyfg
Today @ theresa_may will put pressure on social media companies to stop providing a platform for terror , extremism and child abuse . We must meet the challenges of new technologies and seize the opportunities that they offer to improve our everyday lives . https : //t.co/vg59SUYK6J
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great to have the chance to meet @ cwowomen today at CCHQ @ Conservatives https : //t.co/JGd3jaWqvY
RT @ theresa_may : Today I announced new funding for Manchester following last year ’ s terror attack , bringing total government support to jus…
. @ EstherMcVey1 : # ONS figures out today show that employment is at a record high , and unemployment is the lowest since 1975 . This Government is determined to invest and keep our economy strong , so that we can create better , higher-paying jobs for the future . https : //t.co/Br0QT3VnrX
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Record high employment , including record female employment . Unemployment rate at a four-decade low . We are building an…
. @ theresa_may sets Jeremy Corbyn straight on the Labour-run Welsh NHS.👇 # PMQs https : //t.co/uO2vfXt8tc
RT @ GregHands : Today ’ s unemployment figures - last time it was this low , I wasn ’ t even 10 years old ! But more to do - that ’ s why we ’ re inve…
Labour have refused 29 times to say how much their renationalisation plans would cost . But the independent @ CPSThinkTank have revealed that Labour would need to borrow at least £176 billion more and services would n't improve . # PMQs https : //t.co/EwwyQPKPfy
The number of social homes failing to meet the Decent Homes Standard has almost halved since 2007 . # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : Under @ Conservatives :

✅NHS funding is going up , each year
✅Increased investment in GP services
✅Increased spending on menta…
RT @ WelshConserv : In # PMQs @ theresa_may highlights the appalling record of the Labour Party in Wales , where 3,741 people waited more than 1…
RT @ mattwarman : Vital to get past political rhetoric on the NHS - dedicated staff deserve both our gratitude and the financial support only…
RT @ GregHands : PM reminds the SNP that new figures today show that the largest trading partner for Scotland remains the rest of the United…
Independent analysis from @ TheIFS 's Paul Johnson : `` Labour and the Conservatives are pretty much on the same page… there ’ s not much to choose between them in terms of the money they ’ ll put in to the NHS '' . # PMQs
# Labour run the NHS in Wales . This is what has happened on their watch :

❌An 8 % cut to the health budget in Labour-run Wales .
❌More than one in seven people in Wales are on an NHS waiting list .
❌Health targets set by the Welsh Government are routinely missed .

# PMQs
This is what we 've been doing to make sure that our NHS is prepared for this winter . # PMQs https : //t.co/WrgULfWRIT
Want to know what we 're doing to support our NHS and its hardworking staff ? # PMQs https : //t.co/4JRw1GLvvF
Figures out today show that unemployment is at its lowest rate in forty years . But there ’ s more to do - that ’ s why we ’ re investing in the infrastructure and skills needed to create higher-paying jobs and make our economy fit for the future . https : //t.co/CwuZ9Q65p3
We have commissioned a new programme of work to ensure that we provide the best support for our Armed Forces , and tackle the complex and interrelated threats we face . https : //t.co/w5FTwqHDuW
Labour 's front bench take on the famous black chair . How do they get on ?
You 'll want the sound on for this one… 🔈 # LabourMastermind https : //t.co/wjjYgZzywT
British films including Darkest Hour - about former Conservative Prime Minister Winston Churchill - are in the running for the # Oscars . We ’ ve been supporting our film industry , helping it to increase its contribution to our economy by £4.4 billion since 2010 . # OscarNoms https : //t.co/nWFCVLqlb9
We 're improving schools so everyone can have the best start in life and people can go as far their talents and hard work can take them . https : //t.co/QXrchriwfi
RT @ trussliz : Latest @ ONS figures show December borrowing is the lowest in 17 years – public finances being restored after Labour profligac…
RT @ ToryEconomy : We are continuing to reduce the deficit to make sure we don ’ t burden future generations with our debts , so we can invest i…
Electric cars offer a massive opportunity to create high-skilled jobs for the future . That 's why today we 've announced £42 million of government funding for four energy storage research projects . https : //t.co/DTH4EQCAmG
Today Business Minister @ Richard4Watford has announced £42 million of government funding for four energy storage research projects . As part of our Industrial Strategy this will help create the better , higher paying jobs in the industries of the future . https : //t.co/oauUlXazT9
RT @ BrandonLewis : We ’ re taking action to fix Britain 's energy market and make it fit for the future # BigEnergySavingWeek https : //t.co/fM5eU…
Work and Pensions Secretary Esther McVey warns that Labour 's plans for sweeping renationalisation of utilities would be an 'absolute disaster ' for people 's pensions , risking their retirement plans . https : //t.co/IBDVrzDTVJ
It ’ s # BigEnergySavingWeek and Energy Minster @ ClairePerryMP explains how switching supplier can save you money and why we are introducing an energy price cap . https : //t.co/pzGsdgFxVI
5 . @ theresa_may wrote : 'Boardroom excesses can no longer be tolerated . The economy has to work for all '

https : //t.co/8IbIZbEBRv https : //t.co/0GPDmCiNUa
4 . @ JamesCleverly called out Labour ’ s “ fundamentally dishonest ” position in refusing to set out how they would pay for their spending plans . https : //t.co/rt2QBp0SBb
3 . Our campaign teams were out in force across the country and our @ LdnConservative activists were joined by @ BorisJohnson , @ LiamFox , @ DavidGauke and @ BrandonLewis in London .

Want to join in and help make a difference ? - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/R0NtjyYGn9
2 . New research from the @ CPSThinkTank revealed that Labour ’ s plans to renationalise most utilities would cost £176 billion - nearly £6,500 for every household - and won ’ t reduce bills for consumers . https : //t.co/LrN6etPF6l
1 . We 're adopting the # AgentofChange principle to protect live music venues across the UK . https : //t.co/APqpvEf7am
Here are five things you might have missed from the weekend ... https : //t.co/0SAHljtSXZ
Science Minister @ SamGyimah has announced £70 million to help develop pioneering new medical treatments - this will not only help to create high-value , highly-skilled jobs across the UK , but will develop lifesaving treatments that will help people live better , longer lives . https : //t.co/ymwB1Tm28O
RT @ trussliz : Not only would this raise debt to eyewatering levels-it would cost billpayers and taxpayers- and put off those who want to in…
On # Peston this morning @ trussliz reminds us of the poor service offered by nationalised industries - which Labour want to spend another £176 billion to take us back to . https : //t.co/31z2urjI2d
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Corbyn & amp ; McDonnell 's fantasy economics laid bare today - another £176bn debt - this would mean higher taxes for you an…
On # Marr @ JamesCleverly calls out Labour ’ s “ fundamentally dishonest ” position in refusing to set out how they would pay for their spending plans . https : //t.co/i9kp2qVM2J
New research from the @ CPSThinkTank has revealed that Labour ’ s plans to renationalise most utilities would cost £176 billion - nearly £6,500 for every household - and won ’ t reduce bills for consumers . # Marr https : //t.co/LdBtEx3yvq
“ This independent report lays bare Labour ’ s fantasy economics ” says @ PhilipHammondUK as the @ CPSThinkTank reveal Labour ’ s plans for renationalisation would require at least £176 billion in extra borrowing . # Marr https : //t.co/judWaYpOMf
RT @ RobertJenrick : Labour ’ s renationalising plans would cost us £176-300Bn , make public services worse and leave us a weakened country , mir…
RT @ BrandonLewis : . @ Conservatives out on the doorsteps today , in all weathers . # workingforresidents https : //t.co/TqdugtEpcO
RT @ BrandonLewis : So many great campaign teams out for @ Conservatives today # canyouspotyourself https : //t.co/nflr2Ih7bT
RT @ BrandonLewis : Huge thanks to everyone who has been out & amp ; about this weekend , thus far , working for local residents . @ Conservatives # pos…
Here are some of the things we 're doing to make sure everyone can afford a safe , decent place to live and help as many people as possible get on the housing ladder . 🏘 https : //t.co/04sDWVTb5n
RT @ JBrokenshire : Discharged from hospital this morning after my lung surgery . The # NHS doctors , nurses and support staff were absolutely o…
RT @ MattHancock : ICYMI : We 're adopting the # AgentofChange principle to protect live music venues across the UK . A great win for music-lover…
. @ sajidjavid : I have always thought it unfair that the burden is on long-standing music venues to solve noise issues when property developers choose to build nearby . I 'm pleased to finally have an opportunity to right this wrong and also give more peace of mind to new residents . https : //t.co/dDmIkmSOIL
RT @ KemiBadenoch : This is Fantastic ! Last week I was made a patron of @ cvs_uttlesford and mentioned to the PM what great work they do . Th…
RT @ BrandonLewis : . @ DavidGauke has expanded the terms of reference for the MoJ review of the parole process but on the Worboys case he has…
RT @ SamGyimah : A fantastic and engaging event last night @ MileEndInst with our great host @ philipjcowley discussing my new role , the HE sec…
RT @ theresa_may : At the @ V_and_A last night @ EmmanuelMacron and I were proud to celebrate the extraordinary values and the talented people…
Education Secretary @ DamianHinds sets out plans to help more children fulfil their potential :

✅ £45million to improve schools in areas that lack capacity
✅ 75 projects to increase pupils ’ literacy and numeracy skills
✅ Six more Opportunity Areas https : //t.co/UPdflb8wFK
Last year @ Jeremy_Hunt announced the biggest increase in nurse training places in the history of the NHS # bbcqt https : //t.co/SYjevj61eX
5 things we 're doing to support our NHS # bbcqt https : //t.co/M9Dmo4zrx4
RT @ Number10gov : Today President @ EmmanuelMacron joins Prime Minister Theresa May at the # UKFRSummit . The PM and President will discuss the…
RT @ HuddlestonNigel : PFI projects were introduced in the 90s , massively scaled up under Laour between 1997 and 2010 and significantly scale…
Labour are playing politics when they try to politicise Carillion rather than work to ensure our public services are protected . # bbcqt
When Labour were in government , contracts worth billions were awarded to Carillion . By 2010 , Carillion had been awarded over £4 billion through various PFI schemes . # bbcqt
Last week , Labour-run Leeds City Council was ready to award a £120 million contract to Carillion . # bbcqt
On Carillion we will :

● ensure public service delivery continues ;
● reassure workers providing public services they will be paid ;
● make sure the right support is in place for pensioners ;
● protect taxpayers from an unacceptable bailout of a private company .

# bbcqt
. @ theresa_may at the # UKFRSummit : `` UK / France cooperation remains critical to European defence and that together we will continue to play a full role to improve the security of the continent . '' https : //t.co/mT3rMRhNZg
RT @ sajidjavid : Pleased to be putting a clear # AgentOfChange principle in national planning policy to help protect music venues @ UK_Music h…
Our new Deputy Chairman @ JamesCleverly hosted a reception for @ LondonCF in CCHQ last night . They 've been out in force campaigning across the capital ahead of this year 's local elections .

Want to join them ? - https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/gm59JWnAlk
Another Conservative MP making history 👏 https : //t.co/hPn5vkxBYS
RT @ SamGyimah : My University Challenge ... reaching out directly to students to engage and give them a voice & amp ; support our world-class HE sec…
Was your MP amongst the 243 Labour MPs who voted to try and block the EU Withdrawal Bill which is essential for a smooth Brexit ?

Tell them they must put the national interest above playing politics and respect the referendum result : https : //t.co/52iePKgsnl
Today @ theresa_may will meet President Macron for the UK-France Summit , so that we can step-up co-operation on shared threats to the UK and France . https : //t.co/QL8lUyRcDO
Was your MP amongst the 243 Labour MPs who voted to try and block the EU Withdrawal Bill which is essential for a smooth Brexit ?

Tell them they must put the national interest above playing politics and respect the referendum result : https : //t.co/4jL4XTwpP5
RT @ DavidDavisMP : Important approval for Withdrawal Bill . Thank you to all MPs who scrutinised : a better Bill goes to the Lords & amp ; Brexit is…
. @ BrandonLewis : Labour are putting politics above the national interest . Only the Conservatives will deliver a smooth and orderly Brexit . https : //t.co/f2f4nQu67m
The EU Withdrawal Bill is essential to ensuring the smoothest possible Brexit . But tonight 243 Labour MPs voted to try and block it - putting politics above the national interest . https : //t.co/WFY3hTL6Dk
Our precious # NHS was recently ranked as the best and safest healthcare system in the world . We ’ re supporting it by giving it record levels of funding , so that more patients get the care they need . https : //t.co/SL2uhhSVbu
. @ theresa_may : `` This is a Labour Party that will always put politics before people . '' https : //t.co/YDImBbbsb6
RT @ HolocaustUK : Last night @ sajidjavid announced the government is to provide £144,000 in new funding to work with us tackling antisemitis…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : It is this Government that introduced the modern slavery act , we will work with other countries to abolish modern slaver…
Today @ theresa_may has appointed a dedicated Minister for Loneliness in order to combat social isolation , accepting a series of recommendations made by the Jo Cox Commission on Loneliness . # PMQs https : //t.co/U1ldmWf8Wc
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : We are continuing to put an emphasis on mental health , we have increased the people having access to mental health provi…
. @ KeepBritainTidy have welcomed our action to tackle plastic pollution . # PMQs https : //t.co/QJQHyuppHp
RT @ ToryEconomy : Manufacturing in the UK is growing . That means more , higher-paying jobs , with employment up by nearly 50,000 in the manufa…
RT @ MarcusFysh : Well done @ Simon4NDorset for raising the the importance of success for our local engineering and manufacturing industries i…
RT @ trussliz : Strong argument from PM for free markets against crypto-communist Corbyn rhetoric .
RT @ CCHQPress : We all know that a vote for Labour is a vote to pay more # PMQs https : //t.co/C2IQFkzgCU
On Carillion we will :

● ensure public service delivery continues ;
● reassure workers providing public services they will be paid ;
● make sure the right support is in place for pensioners ;
● protect taxpayers from an unacceptable bailout of a private company .

# PMQs
Jeremy Corbyn is playing politics when he tries to politicise Carillion rather than work to ensure our public services are protected . Labour run Leeds City Council awarded a contract to Carillion only last week . # PMQs
Last week ’ s ONS figures showed that manufacturing output is at its highest in a decade . This shows our economy remains strong , and will continue to deliver more secure , better-paid jobs for working people throughout the country . # PMQs https : //t.co/sajr0VzxI9
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn woefully exposed going on Carillion ’ s profit warnings , clearly showing he has no idea what a profit warning is . # PMQs
. @ DLidington has been clear on Carillion apprentices : `` the Construction Industry Training Board has set up a taskforce to assist apprentices to seek new employment , while also working with the Education and Skills Funding Agency to find new training placements '' . # PMQs
RT @ tracey_crouch : Both proud & amp ; humbled to be appointed # loneliness minister in order to continue Jo Cox 's great work & amp ; deliver recommendat…
Brandon Lewis : Today is Labour ’ s chance to show that they respect the will of the British people , by voting for the EU Withdrawal Bill . https : //t.co/ZWzRkzh3da
RT @ Alison_McGovern : Glad that @ tracey_crouch is our new minister for loneliness . She 'll be great . Thinking of Jo today and grateful that h…
RT @ MrBrendanCox : Great to see this leadership . Appointing a minister might not sound like much , but in tackling a complex crisis like lone…
. @ tracey_crouch : `` We know that there is a real impact of social isolation and loneliness on people , on their physical and mental well-being but also on other aspects in society and we want to tackle this challenge '' . https : //t.co/FWQnw03mEO
Today the Prime Minister will appoint a dedicated Minister for Loneliness in order to combat social isolation - which affects up to nine million people in the United Kingdom - accepting a series of recommendations made by the Jo Cox Commission on Loneliness . https : //t.co/6TZPQHHza9
RT @ theresa_may : Last week I set out Government ’ s plan to leave our environment in a better state than we found it . I urged supermarkets to…
RT @ theresecoffey : oh dear , fake news from the Green Party and it seems @ independent need to check their facts more . All nations of UK adop…
What we are doing to protect animal welfare :

Enshrining animal sentience in UK law 📝
Increasing prison sentences to up to 5 years 🔐

Because animal welfare deserves to be taken seriously – not just as a political football . https : //t.co/WWnI4AtATu
RT @ ToryDEFRA : We are instead going above and beyond EU law , to ensure animal sentience is protected properly

That is why we are introduci…
Here ’ s why we are going further than EU law on animal welfare . Our draft Animal Welfare Bill will enshrine animal sentience in all areas , the EU only covers a few . We ’ re also increasing prison sentences for animal cruelty to up to 5 years . https : //t.co/2pT5oCwTHO
RT @ ZacGoldsmith : Green supporters will dismiss this as fake news , but in effect ( if not intent ) it is correct . Gove ’ s Bill goes much furth…
This April the National Living Wage will rise again - meaning since its introduction the lowest paid will have seen a £2,000 boost to their income . https : //t.co/4aXjf0f1xC
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Excellent meeting at @ Number10gov on Communities along with @ HelenGrantMP . Great to run into @ Number10cat Larry on the…
We will protect essential public services after Carillion went into liquidation , and taxpayers will not be expected to bail out a private sector company . https : //t.co/LA1wks5o1k
RT @ andy4wm : Saddened to hear of the passing of Cyrille Regis MBE . It is testament to his enduring popularity that he is loved by supporter…
9th January 2018 : Then Labour Shadow Minister puts forward plans that could see council tax doubled .

14th January 2018 : Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn refuses to rule out the plans .

Again , we think everyone should be protected from excessive council tax rises . https : //t.co/IFUeur31Aw
Our activists were campaigning hard all over the country this weekend - will you join them and help build a Britain fit for the future ? 🌳 https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/v6jnKcNhSi
RT @ ToryDEXEU : Once again , Labour have failed to rule out a second EU referendum . Every step of the way , Labour are trying to frustrate th…
RT @ SamGyimah : “ The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and critically . Intelligence plus character - that is the go…
RT @ melindagates : Important piece by @ BorisJohnson on why educating girls will change the world . We ’ re proud to partner with # UKAid to incr…
RT @ MattHancock : Saddened to hear about the death of Cyrille Regis . He was not just a fantastic footballer but he did so much in helping to…
@ CFOC2017 @ LdnConservative @ theresa_may @ paulscullymp 🤦 We of course meant @ scullyp !
5 . And finally , this from @ DefraGovUK minister @ theresecoffey ... https : //t.co/ju2CYu5pdt
4 . Our @ LdnConservative teams were joined on the doorsteps for a great day out in Sutton by @ theresa_may and vice chair for London @ paulscullymp . https : //t.co/skOpnWqX9K
3 . @ JamesCleverly wrote : `` It is these values that all Conservatives support : while we are a vibrant and diverse political party , we all unite around the notion of abiding by each other ’ s democratic right to be heard and voice our opinion , without abuse . ''

https : //t.co/m1IBneHhLE https : //t.co/lIMOhIL2Ft
2 . Jeremy Corbyn refused to sign our Respect Pledge . https : //t.co/WlqRE0WkCI
1 . We banned credit card charges and have gone further than EU regulations require - helping helping millions of people to avoid rip-off fees when spending their hard-earned money . https : //t.co/gfTDOVUChj
Time for a weekend roundup : Here are five things you might 've missed this weekend . https : //t.co/rAgewzd2qx
. @ PennyMordaunt : `` Our aid spend is a reflection of us as a big-hearted , open-minded and far-sighted nation . That ’ s not going to change . But under my leadership , it will also continue to be firmly in the national interest and hard-headed too . '' https : //t.co/aNGvmMGEYE
RT @ BrandonLewis : Labour seem to ‘ forget ’ : not only have we gone further than EU regulations but we are also part of forming the EU directi…
. @ BrandonLewis : “ Jeremy Corbyn again refused to condemn the inappropriate comments from his Shadow Chancellor - it is no surprise he has refused to sign up to our Respect Pledge for future elections. ” https : //t.co/LHn4co7eWe
RT @ BrandonLewis : Then why won ’ t your Leader agree to a Respect Pledge ? @ Conservatives candidates will all have to sign up . Rot is at the t…
. @ BrandonLewis on # Marr : “ We ’ ve got to avoid this rot that we have seen at the top of the Labour Party . . . we will argue our case robustly , but with respect ” . https : //t.co/CvWXTPZ8NP
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ jeremycorbyn failed to rule out pushing up council tax bills by 20 % , just days after he got rid of Chris Williamson from h…
On # Peston @ jeremycorbyn refuses to agree to a # respectpledge for Labour candidates and defends John McDonnell ’ s comments on Esther McVey .
Labour 's position on Brexit as clear as ever # Peston https : //t.co/bZMN4AfFXj
Will @ jeremycorbyn condemn the abuse which comes from the top to the bottom of his party and agree to instigate a respect pledge which includes suspending abusive members ? # Peston
RT @ theresecoffey : @ BrandonLewis has set out Conservative candidates will sign a respect pledge . Will Labour now do the same ? # Peston could…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Wil @ jeremycorbyn call out the lack of respect online ? The Rot is at the top of labour & amp ; they need to stand up & amp ; take res…
. @ BrandonLewis calls out the `` rot at the top '' of Labour - they must stamp out a culture of on-line abuse that has been allowed to fester for too long # marr https : //t.co/mtcy1pPt60
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ JamesCleverly in today 's @ Daily_Express says that we must `` all unite around the notion of abiding by each other 's democrat…
Justice Secretary @ DavidGauke writing in The Sun this morning : `` I want people to have confidence in their justice system . I want victims to know they are safe and criminals to know that they will not game the system '' . # Marr
. @ bbradleymp `` I am a proud Conservative because I believe in a system which gives everyone the opportunity to succeed through their own hard work and talent , and delivers the security , jobs and growth we need to prosper as a country . '' https : //t.co/aEgHJe1VY7
RT @ theresa_may : With 110 days to go until the London local elections , it was great to be out with the excellent @ ScullyP and the @ SuttonTo…
We ’ re investing £44bn into the housing market so that we deliver 300,000 homes per year on average by the mid-2020 ’ s , giving more people the security of their own home . https : //t.co/wpNavtn0wf
Hidden charges for paying with a debit or credit card will be banned from today - helping millions of people to avoid rip-off fees when spending their hard-earned money . https : //t.co/zAzEvwHelS
. @ BrandonLewis on the Labour reshuffle : `` Clive Lewis and Laura Pidcock represent a nasty , regressive brand of politics which could not be further from Jeremy Corbyn ’ s laughable claims to represent a ‘ kinder , gentler ’ politics '' .
RT @ BrandonLewis : Less than 3 months after Jeremy Corbyn branded Clive Lewis ’ misogynistic comments “ completely unacceptable ” he reappoints…
What Labour would do to our economy in their own words 🗣 https : //t.co/pciUI6e5U8
UK manufacturing is growing at its fastest rate for a decade - helping us to create more , higher-paying jobs . https : //t.co/35gDGtbuko
Figures released this week from @ ONS show that the poorest fifth of families have seen their yearly disposable income rise by £1,800 since 2008 .

There 's still more to do , but this means more people are better able to provide for themselves and their families . https : //t.co/7hee5m8TuQ
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great to have @ Rehman_Chishti as part of the CCHQ team - he ’ s already been out at events showing how the @ Conservatives a…
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Delighted to do my my first Community Engagement event as Vice Chairman @ Conservatives for Communities at Jalalabad Jam…
What we 're doing to give our NHS more support this winter # bbcqt https : //t.co/BZ6adcLKJw
RT @ CCHQPress : Under the @ Conservatives the NHS has been ranked the best health service across 11 developed countries # bbcqt https : //t.co/m…
5 things you need to know about our NHS # bbcqt https : //t.co/aryuztlWM7
RT @ CCHQPress : Dawn Butler fails to answer whether Labour want the UK to leave the customs union and single market - when will Labour decid…
What Labour 's position on key # Brexit issues looks like # bbcqt 👇 https : //t.co/VHRvDsr0w5
Watch this for a reminder of what the first stage of # Brexit negotiations secured # bbcqt https : //t.co/Z0JYmgWOki
We 're getting on with securing the best Brexit deal for Britain - who knows what Labour would do ? # bbcqt https : //t.co/wx6cHSOUgL
RT @ theresa_may : There 's more to do , but we should be proud that manufacturing output is at the highest level in 10 years . https : //t.co/5bS…
Wondering how our # 25yearplan for the environment will help eliminate all avoidable plastic waste ? Watch this 👇 https : //t.co/mCfCZuRoZN
RT @ CCHQLondon : Cyclist Chris Boardman says of @ SadiqKhan `` I ’ m not seeing the actions living up to those words . He can ’ t deliver his promis…
RT @ theresa_may : It was great to visit @ WWTLondon this morning and do a spot of birdwatching with pupils from @ LowtherSchool – we were ther…
The Federation of Small Businesses ( @ fsb_policy ) on today 's # 25YearPlan announcement : https : //t.co/pY80FgraME
@ KeepBritainTidy @ theresa_may Very pleased to have @ wwf_uk backing the # 25YearPlan ! These measures can give nature a chance to thrive - without being swamped by harmful plastic . https : //t.co/0wdFCVXvbV
Great to see @ KeepBritainTidy endorsing our # 25yearplan set out by @ theresa_may today .

We want to keep our environment cleaner by taking plastic waste seriously . https : //t.co/ZAUbhlNIbe
Want to know about our # 25YearEnvironmentPlan ? Here 's how it will eliminate all avoidable plastic waste within a quarter of a century to help make our country # plasticfree and leave our environment in a better state than we found it for the next generation . https : //t.co/OLVHod2ZOr
Today @ theresa_may will outline steps for a cleaner , greener Britain – and pledge to eliminate all avoidable plastic waste within a quarter of a century . # plasticfree https : //t.co/xMT7WZhIjr
RT @ BrandonLewis : When will Labour condemn this sort of behaviour by its own MPs & amp ; Indeed front bench ? Totally unacceptable . https : //t.co/…
We ’ re building a Britain fit for the future . Here ’ s how : https : //t.co/0wPZVsemvQ
RT @ mariacaulfield : https : //t.co/x5oyu0u3Kp
Labour 's Chris Williamson has put forward plans that could see council tax doubled .

We think everyone should be protected from excessive council tax rises .

Do you agree ? https : //t.co/FvrbUyJ7Bz
RT @ bbradleymp : Great to be part of a new team at @ Conservatives HQ driving things forward # TeamTory https : //t.co/LbLRzfk4DK
RT @ JamesMorris : Productive start to my new role looking into training and development opportunities in order to transform the way we do th…
Will Jeremy Corbyn apologise for what he said about our mental health services ? # PMQs https : //t.co/64B1hA81Q5
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great to have a strong team at CCHQ working to take our Party forward & amp ; to deliver for people across the country . https : /…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : Over the past 3 years we have the highest cancer survival rates- figures show an estimated 7000+ more people are survivi…
Getting the best Brexit deal for our country will mean we can build a better future for ordinary people by getting control of our laws , money and borders . Here 's what the first stage of negotiations secured . # PMQs https : //t.co/GBtvw8nU6F
RT @ Toryhealth : We have invested a record £11.6 billion in mental health , with a further £1 billion on top of this by 2020/21 . We are also…
We need a strong economy to support world class public services like our # NHS . Even Labour 's own shadow cabinet know that they would put this at risk . # PMQs https : //t.co/nvdPa2vBxP
Here ’ s some of the things we ’ re doing in government to support our # NHS # PMQs https : //t.co/FRsxggvEq7
There are 14,260 more doctors in the NHS now than there were in 2010 - helping make sure that people can get the care they need . # PMQs https : //t.co/7nd9i3RtMW
Conservatives spend their time supporting the NHS :

We ’ re backing it with record funding
We ’ re backing new mental health treatments
We ’ re backing its plan for the future

And this is what we are doing to support the NHS this winter # PMQs https : //t.co/DL4WVCvUob
. @ theresa_may `` We are determined to build the homes that Britain needs '' . Here 's a reminder of what we are doing to make sure everyone has a place to call their own . # PMQs https : //t.co/1nekRgZIFs
. @ theresa_may : “ We ’ re bringing fresh talent into Government - ensuring it looks more like the country it serves. ” https : //t.co/G755cAxd1a
RT @ robertcourts : The amount of plastic washed up on Britain ’ s beaches by Storm Eleanor is truly alarming . This welcome move builds on the…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Protecting those who are most in need has always been one of my top priorities and as Minister for Women and Equalities I…
We 've been backing our film and TV industry - and here 's what 's happened . https : //t.co/d2IxPJbyLa
RT @ NickGibbUK : Delighted to continue at the DfE . Thanks to teachers and the Government ’ s reforms , standards are rising : 154,000 more 6-yea…
October 2017 : Emily Thornberry says `` it makes no sense [ to leave the single market ] . ''

Last night : Jeremy Corbyn rules out staying in it .

Anyone know Labour 's actual position on Brexit ? https : //t.co/x3TpwbdMVM
RT @ NickHurdUK : Delighted to be reappointed as Minister of State for Policing and Fire Service . Critical public services in every community…
RT @ tracey_crouch : Delighted to continue as Sports & amp ; Civil Society Minister . So much on the agenda for the incredible sectors I am responsi…
Great to see @ GreenpeaceUK endorse the ban on # microbeads put in place by the @ Conservatives and @ michaelgove https : //t.co/Q6hHZ3hk9M
RT @ SamGyimah : Off to my new role as Universities & amp ; Science Minister and looking forward to the challenges ahead - thank you for your excel…
RT @ DominicRaab : @ CCHQPress I have thoroughly enjoyed working at MoJ on court reform , my thanks to the team there ... and I ’ m looking forwa…
Our ban on microbeads comes into force today stopping billions of tiny pieces of plastic washing down the drain every year , helping leave our planet in a better state than we found it . https : //t.co/NfX81DqbPs
RT @ DamianHinds : Delighted to be appointed Education Secretary – looking forward to working with the great teachers & amp ; lecturers in our scho…
RT @ DavidGauke : A huge honour to be appointed Secretary of State @ MoJGovUK .

And many thanks to the dedicated people at @ DWP for all their…
RT @ UK_Music : Huge congrats to @ MattHancock from all his very many supporters in the music industry . An excellent appointment and one that…
RT @ sajidjavid : Delighted to serve as Secretary of State for Housing , Communities & amp ; Local Government - determined to help build the homes o…
. @ BrandonLewis : “ I ’ m honoured to be made Chairman of the Conservative Party , it ’ s a fantastic opportunity to take the Party forward. ” # CabinetReshuffle https : //t.co/vjnMBtdNuO
RT @ mariacaulfield : Delighted that I ’ ve been asked to become Vice Chairman of @ Conservatives for women
Looking forward to working with @ Br…
RT @ bbradleymp : Really pleased to have been appointed as Vice Chair of the @ Conservatives and having the opportunity to work and make sure…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Am honoured to be made Chairman of the @ Conservatives a great party delivering for people across the UK with a superb tea…
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Honoured and delighted to be appointed by the PM as Vice Chair @ Conservatives for Communities . https : //t.co/dRsACTBM9x
RT @ JamesCleverly : Delighted that I ’ ve been asked by @ theresa_may to become Deputy Chairman of @ Conservatives

Looking forward to working…
Our decision to reduce charges to cross the Severn bridges came into force today , saving drivers across Wales and South West England hundreds of pounds a year . https : //t.co/fr8EXS6MZw
We 're supporting the creation of a new Northern Forest - spanning more than 120 miles between the cities of Bradford , Leeds , Manchester and Liverpool - providing a rich habitat for wildlife to thrive , and a natural environment for millions of people to enjoy . https : //t.co/nHjkqn28Hi
On # Marr this morning @ theresa_may set out some of the things we ’ re doing in government to help protect our environment for future generations . https : //t.co/v2OsDYJdYt
RT @ AlunCairns : In a car crash interview @ JonAshworth is factually wrong . Lab run NHS Wales has cancelled operations https : //t.co/0ZizShWd5…
. @ theresa_may speaking on # Marr about Brexit negotiations : there is `` a real spirit of cooperation between the UK and Europe , wanting to ensure that we get a deal that is in everyone 's best interests ” . Here ’ s what you need to know about the first stage of the # BrexitDeal : https : //t.co/LjpUhqfBJd
“ Since privatisation , usage of the railways has doubled . And we have seen the biggest investment since Victorian times in our railways ” says @ theresa_may on # Marr . We ’ ve been investing in our infrastructure : https : //t.co/MRQUoxAaV2
. @ theresa_may on # Marr : “ the NHS is delivering for people , it is treating more people and more people are being seen within the four hours every day . . . But of course , nothing is perfect . And there is more for us to do ” . Here ’ s what we are doing to support the NHS this winter : https : //t.co/KqzGAWuSVl
. @ theresa_may on the Worboys case : `` there are victims - as I say , I know one - who were n't told about this . So it 's important that we look at that and say actually , should we be doing this in a different way ? '' # Marr
Even Labour 's own MP 's know they ca n't deliver on any spending promises without hitting everyone with higher taxes # Marr https : //t.co/Ny4apHeZlj
We are working to ensure we leave the world in a better place for future generations . Thanks to our policies supporting renewable energy @ WWF said the UK 's power sector has `` never been cleaner or greener – and we are on course for an even better year in 2018 '' . https : //t.co/t7tJuRxS2H
Our economy has grown by over 16 per cent since 2010 - helping to fund the vital public services on which we all rely . https : //t.co/1vvWFB9mFH
RT @ JustineGreening : School standards are rising . Today I am announcing a new drive on literacy teaching at primary school level , building…
Would you gamble with Labour when they do n't even back themselves ? https : //t.co/Iv0ziQWWJg
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : New figures from the @ ONS show largest quarterly rise in productivity since Q2 2011 . We ’ re investing in skills , housin…
What do a NASA scientist , a hostage negotiator and a head of a hospital trust have in common ?

They have all become teachers through Now Teach , and we ’ re investing £350,000 to get even more experienced pros into teaching through the scheme to inspire the next generation . https : //t.co/M5YnEBMOWt
RT @ sajidjavid : Investment in UK ’ s tech sector almost doubled in 2017 - a huge vote of confidence in British industry . More to do , but welc…
RT @ MattHancock : This is what it 's all about . Real fans seeing great acts at fair prices . We ’ re taking the fight to rogue ticket touts who…
. @ theresa_may : `` Thank you to the NHS staff who work hard and do a fantastic job for us day in and day out all year round . Their dedication ensures people get the treatment they need – we 've put in an additional £437m to help , so the NHS has been better prepared than ever . '' https : //t.co/IspKTK45op
Up to £330 million from dormant bank and building society accounts will be distributed by the Big Lottery Fund and Big Society Capital to help the homeless , disadvantaged young people , local charities and other good causes over the next four years . https : //t.co/WZeN9zJ40O
Labour gamble and the country folds ? Even their own Shadow Education Secretary says their plans are `` high-risk '' and a `` sh*t-or-bust strategy '' . https : //t.co/CZ9ws8WSXT
RT @ Toryhealth : This morning @ JonAshworth claimed that mental health has been 'neglected ' .

He is completely wrong .

The @ Conservatives ar…
NHS staff are doing a fantastic job to make sure that people get the treatment they need – especially at this time of year when it ’ s extremely busy .

And here ’ s some of the things we ’ re doing in government to support our # NHS . https : //t.co/7lI0BZbNCq
How we are supporting our # NHS and it ’ s hardworking staff this winter to make sure patients get the care they need . https : //t.co/CShU0lwPz9
RT @ Toryhealth : On @ LBC @ SadiqKhan just claimed that mental health spending has been cut . This is false ! In fact , it ’ s gone up both in real…
The NHS is extremely busy - as it always is at this time of year . But it ’ s better prepared than ever , with an additional £437 million for this winter , £1 billion extra social care funding this year and more beds available across the system . https : //t.co/EqlzAuLhfz
RT @ MusicWeek : Government bans use of bots by ticket touts https : //t.co/tahPOQVWSf https : //t.co/511xToWVNp
16,000 people have already saved thousands of pounds since @ PhilipHammondUK announced a cut to stamp duty for 95 per cent of first-time buyers last November .

Did Labour welcome this move ? No - they voted against it . https : //t.co/F4JphVFTgq
RT @ Number10gov : The PM visited Laura today , a first-time buyer who has benefited from the Help to Buy scheme https : //t.co/pGhyulAJD5
Want to know what we 're doing on housing ? From building new houses to helping the homeless , here 's 5 things you should know about what we 're doing to help everyone have a place to call their own . https : //t.co/98LCXO38gX
. @ theresa_may : `` thousands of people already making savings thanks to our stamp duty cut , and over a million first-time buyers over the next 5 years are expected to save money that they can put towards a deposit , solicitors ’ fees or furniture '' . https : //t.co/24ENEcc7LB
As we get on with delivering our plans for 2018 , here 's a quick reminder of some of the things we did last year . https : //t.co/542f5rINwR
Rail passengers deserve a more reliable , more efficient service . That 's why 97p out of every £1 spent on tickets is going back into the railway , helping to fund vital improvements as part of the biggest modernisation of our railways since Victorian times . https : //t.co/lKLOuOaxXJ
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ DavidDavisMP writes in the @ Telegraph : 'After Brexit , we will prosper alongside Europe , not instead of it ' https : //t.co/…
We are investing our transport infrastructure , including the biggest modernisation of our railways since the Victorian times to improve services for passengers - providing faster and better , more comfortable trains with extra seats . https : //t.co/iE8lPebWKA
RT @ Number10gov : `` I know that whatever challenges we face , we will overcome them as one proud union of nations and people . I hope that 2018…
Every tenant has a right to a safe , secure and decent home . New measures will crack down on bad practices and improve standards for renters . https : //t.co/N6uMV3AnLH
We are delivering a greener Britain with record amounts of electricity generated by renewables , so that we can tackle climate change and protect our environment for future generations . https : //t.co/CdAbFBqMQN
We ’ re raising school standards to improve children ’ s literacy , building an education system fit for the future . https : //t.co/MpgY18FuQ0
RT @ Rehman_Chishti : Christmas Day just popped in to Medway Hospital @ Medway_NHS_FT to thank amazing staff for all they are doing and catch…
RT @ redditchrachel : Merry Christmas 🎄 from me and my family , and I hope you have a lovely day however you are spending it . My best wishes f…
RT @ LdnConservative : @ ShippersUnbound And we wish you a very happy Christmas too ! 🎄🎁
RT @ nickherbertmp : A very happy Christmas to all my constituents . My card this year was painted by Hannah Greaney , age 15 , a pupil at @ angm…
Merry Christmas ! https : //t.co/yRF5UyLp2b
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Families come in all shapes and sizes . So , from me & amp ; mine , to you & amp ; yours - have a wonderful Christmas and best wishes…
RT @ SuellaFernandes : Wishing you all a very Merry Christmas and joyful New Year . Thanks to my great team who support our work in Fareham an…
RT @ Lee4NED : In Spinkhill this morning discussing broadband speeds - get in touch if your area also has issues !
RT @ SteveBakerHW : “ The UK has joined Germany as the fastest-growing advanced economy in 2016 after a last-minute revision to official figur…
. @ theresa_may : It was lovely to spend time with the families of our Armed Forces stationed in Cyprus today and wish them all a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year . 🎄 https : //t.co/NiScGqhqFs
RT @ LdnConservative : . @ wesstreeting Safe in Labour 's hands ? Your proposed cuts to the Taxicard for disabled Londoners are here in black and…
. @ theresa_may is in Cyprus today to thank our Armed Forces for their work in helping to crush Daesh , and to wish them their families a merry Christmas and a safe and successful 2018. https : //t.co/N4x6YuTd1L
RT @ BorisJohnson : Met brave campaigners for LGBT , media freedoms & amp ; human rights in Russia . A free , vibrant civil society is a vital compone…
RT @ BimAfolami : This is genuinely significant - beating off some pretty stiff competition ! https : //t.co/9eOdUNEAy6
. @ theresa_may on why the iconic # bluepassport will return after we leave the EU in 2019. https : //t.co/uhKKog38r0
RT @ TheKennelClubUK : We ’ re pleased that @ Number10gov & amp ; @ theresa_may have announced new legislation to improve animal welfare in 2018 . This…
RT @ breastcancernow : @ theresa_may Season 's greetings from everyone at @ breastcancernow . It was wonderful to welcome you to our wear it pink…
RT @ SeemaKennedy : Many people aspire to own their own home but find it hard to afford to do so . @ Conservatives are doing a lot to change th…
Brandon Lewis : From the first day we leave the EU , new passports will look different and within five months they will be very different because they will be dark blue again . https : //t.co/cleXn1Pgvy
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : Great to see the @ Conservatives , @ theresa_may and @ michaelgove leading the way on animal welfare 👏🏻 https : //t.co/uLDMmw…
RT @ MattHancock : I know there ’ s a lot going on , but crikey the lowest borrowing figures since before the crash is really very good news for…
. @ theresa_may : My Government is developing proposals to crack down on puppies being reared in unhealthy circumstances by unscrupulous breeders who have a total disregard for their welfare . It ’ s absolutely right we do everything we can to eradicate animal cruelty from our society . https : //t.co/ORFXSjrWBc
RT @ sajidjavid : Thank you everyone who has welcomed the leasehold news today - most significant change in a generation . We ’ re going to end…
It 's not what you say in politics , it 's what you do : Conservatives vote for aspiration , Labour vote for taxation . https : //t.co/ZExbyLq2Nu
. @ sajidjavid : We ’ re going ban the sale of new build leasehold homes and set ground rent to zero for new leases to help end the leasehold scandal and protect hard-working homebuyers . https : //t.co/VJ5xswMcHC
RT @ RobertJenrick : Great to see @ sajidjavid putting an end to unfair leaseholds . New build homes should almost always be freehold . @ Conserv…
RT @ sajidjavid : And well done @ andy4wm ! Outstanding ! # MidlandsEngine https : //t.co/KvUykuLUbv
Great news for Birmingham . Congratulations West Midlands Mayor @ andy4wm

# CommonwealthGames https : //t.co/6XOwNCZimn
We are banning leaseholds for new build houses to help fix our broken housing market . This is one of the many steps we are taking to help people to get a foot on the housing ladder and restore the dream of homeownership . https : //t.co/lv6B7MRkHQ
RT @ andy4wm : And there we have it . Birmingham is the host city for the 2022 Commonwealth Games . Well done @ BrumLeader @ birminghamcg22 @ Bham…
RT @ LdnConservative : We have just launched a London Conservatives Instagram . Follow us to keep to date ! https : //t.co/DAxvqmhMYq
RT @ WelshConserv : Welsh patients also have to wait longer to be diagnosed in than those across the border .

That ’ s what happens when the La…
RT @ grahamstuart : Why do n't Labour MPs want to help young people buy their first home ? https : //t.co/wE3y81pdEv
RT @ andrealeadsom : https : //t.co/7GC4zqqwVH
RT @ DFID_UK : Prince Harry : “ I ’ m delighted the British Government has taken the lead ” on landmine clearance .

UK aid will make 15 million sq…
Our # NHS Is more prepared for winter than ever before . # PMQs https : //t.co/ccC4DD3w1J
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ jeremycorbyn keeps talking down our NHS , but this year it was ranked the best healthcare system in a worldwide ranking . We…
RT @ WelshConserv : In # PMQs the Prime Minister @ theresa_may tears apart @ jeremycorbyn by highlighting the Labour Party ’ s appalling record on…
RT @ WelshConserv : A little memo to @ jeremycorbyn : this is what a Labour-run NHS looks like ...

People in Wales are now twice as likely as t…
The facts on the NHS :

o We have more doctors , more nurses , more midwives and more GPs .

o Last year , the NHS treated more people than ever before .

o Cancer survival rates are the highest ever .
. @ theresa_may : We should be proud of our NHS , we are and we are going to make it even better . # PMQs
RT @ GregHands : PM in robust mood as she takes on some of the Labour myths on housing & amp ; homelessness . # PMQs .
Today the Business Secretary @ GregClarkMP pledged £370 million to secure the future of the Post Office network . https : //t.co/ER5pfBm35x
The UK has topped the @ Forbes annual survey of the Best Countries For Business for the first time . Helping businesses start-up and grow means more jobs , more opportunities and more tax receipts to pay for the public services on which we all rely . https : //t.co/gGZdUYbeWX
We are making sure that the police have the resources they need to keep us safe - with up to £450 million more for police budgets next year . https : //t.co/AUqLgreaBO
. @ theresa_may has confirmed on numerous occasions that we will not only protect workers rights set out in European legislation , but build on them as we leave the EU . https : //t.co/JTuW4KSpBU
`` Britain ’ s record on job creation is second to none , and this year ’ s survey shows that this is set to continue in 2018 '' according to @ CBItweets as more than half of businesses plan to take on more staff next year . https : //t.co/V6CdHd1z5H
. @ theresa_may on the # BrexitDeal : `` We have done what many said could not be done . Demonstrating what can be achieved with commitment and perseverance on both sides '' . https : //t.co/IS7TxxkgsC
RT @ theresa_may : Up early this morning to visit the @ RoyalMail Maidenhead Delivery Office in my constituency . Particularly in the run up to…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Today , we are extending our Tier 4 visa pilot to make it easier for our world-class institutions to attract the most tale…
RT @ GregHands : As we debate the Finance Bill in the Commons today , worth recalling what Labour ’ s policies would do . By comparison , £350bn i…
Yesterday , Labour ’ s top team once again proved that their approach to Brexit is a shambles . They won ’ t rule out a second referendum and have no plan to deliver control over our borders , laws and money . https : //t.co/ZcLgHs56lH
Diane Abbott has just confirmed where Labour stand on Brexit : https : //t.co/pSF6JmYamO
. @ DavidGauke explains why Government plans will mean thousands of young people saving into a pension for the first time . # Marr https : //t.co/Ds0uUwYQXo
Our National Living Wage means the lowest paid have received their biggest pay rise in over 20 years - with incomes boosted by £2,000 a year . # Marr https : //t.co/B15alqYsX8
Under the Conservatives business have created 1,000 new jobs every day . This means more people with the security of regular pay packet and the ability to provide a better future for themselves and their families . # Marr https : //t.co/S54UC9SOO6
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ HackneyAbbott setting out how @ UKLabour have no plan for Brexit on # Marr
meaning no control over our laws , borders and mon…
Today @ AmberRuddHR has announced an extra £50 million for counter terrorism policing , taking the budget to £757 million next year , so we can deal with the fast-changing and increasingly challenging threat from terrorism . # Marr https : //t.co/7I5gyFGyrj
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ theresa_may writes in today 's @ Telegraph on progress being made towards a successful exit from the EU # BrexitDeal https : //…
. @ theresa_may `` We will stick to our task until we have secured the best possible Brexit deal and built that stronger , fairer and ever more global Britain that truly works for everyone '' . https : //t.co/RZTxUAC5Wi
. @ theresa_may : We 'll deliver Brexit in a smooth and orderly way - without disrupting people 's lives and without disrupting businesses . https : //t.co/pwwDNo2MDt
EU leaders have agreed to proceed onto the next phase of # Brexit negotiations .

Getting the best Brexit deal for our country will mean we can build a better future for our country by getting control of our laws , money and borders . https : //t.co/ryIOTXLYM3
RT @ theresa_may : Thank you to Presidents @ JunckerEU and @ donaldtusk . Today is an important step on the road to delivering a smooth and orde…
We will deliver on the will of the British people and get the best Brexit deal for our country , securing the greatest possible access to European markets , boosting free trade with countries across the world , and delivering control over our borders , laws and money . https : //t.co/wDXpxfuk1G
Over the next five years we are investing £44 billion in home-building to deliver an average of 300,000 new homes a year . # bbcqt https : //t.co/s1Wm93qnEo
At the budget last month @ PhilipHammondUK announced three new housing first pilots to help tackle homelessness . # bbcqt https : //t.co/0S7RmWEz0z
Labour 's position on Brexit . # bbcqt https : //t.co/YZAS36ADZV
What the Brexit agreement secured by @ theresa_may in Brussels means - allowing us to move to the next stage of the negotiations - as we prepare for leaving the EU on the 29th March 2019 . # bbcqt https : //t.co/Bd3Ztelpo7
We 're taking ambitious measures to unlock talent and see pupils fulfil their potential – no matter their background .

That 's why we 're boosting funding and support for the people and places that need it most , helping to make Britain fit for the future post-Brexit . https : //t.co/Suo4ej6FZW
RT @ theresa_may : Six months on the Grenfell fire remains at the front of our minds as a truly unimaginable tragedy that should never have h…
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : 88 % of Scotland 's taxpayers pay the basic rate . The SNP promised none of them - totalling 2.2m workers - would face a…
RT @ JustineGreening : We need to unlock our hidden talent : that ’ s why today I ’ m launching a plan that will put social mobility at the heart…
Today @ JustineGreening will announce her plan to boost social mobility through education - focusing £800 million of government investment on the areas that need it most to help children achieve their true potential . https : //t.co/vVSMtAcQoQ
. @ theresa_may : A good quality education opens the door to the future for young people . https : //t.co/KPCb74hPfT
RT @ AlanMakMP : Delighted to meet Commander Allen and other members of the Women 's Royal Naval Service as they celebrate the 100th anniversa…
. @ theresa_may : `` It is only the Conservatives that will deliver the homes this country needs '' . # PMQs https : //t.co/H0HUyYhWfu
The best way to improve wages in the long term is to boost productivity . Our Industrial Strategy will deliver better paid jobs across the country . PMQs https : //t.co/XPX7q1GpH9
Our record on improving housing standards . # PMQs https : //t.co/9QMGXGr03Q
Banks are paying more now than they did when Labour were in charge . We have introduced new taxes on banks - Labour voted against them . # PMQs https : //t.co/urrDNPEkWi
RT @ theresa_may : I know our country would be poorer if you left and I want you to stay - https : //t.co/KTrkkt1wvV https : //t.co/9qIeIgVhXs
We value EU citizens working in our NHS and across the economy . Our agreement secures the rights of the three millions EU citizens living here and the million British citizens living in the EU . # PMQs https : //t.co/t18djwQtSj
Last year we delivered more homes than we ’ ve seen in all but one of the last 30 years - and over the next five years we will invest £44 billion in home-building to deliver an average of 300,000 new homes a year . # PMQs https : //t.co/Oe1lH4cS1p
This Conservative Government will deliver for the people of the UK as we leave the EU . What would Labour do ? # PMQs https : //t.co/HP05S8Cc7B
RT @ bbradleymp : The number of homes failing to meet the Decent Homes Standard is down by 49 per cent since Labour ’ s peak in 2007 , and housi…
RT @ grahamstuart : Labour 's hypocrisy is galling . The number of homes not meeting the Decent Homes Standard is down 49 per cent since Labour…
RT @ GregHands : Another fact check : over 430,000 local authority homes have been brought up to the Decent Homes Standard since 2010 . # PMQs
RT @ Toryhealth : FACT : Lord Bob Kerslake has been advising Jeremy Corbyn since Corbyn ’ s first days as Labour leader .
There is still more to do , but the number of homes not meeting the decent home standard is down by 49 per cent since its peak under Labour # PMQs https : //t.co/T094xW3vKG
We are helping more people buy a home of their own through Help to Buy and Right to Buy # PMQs https : //t.co/ioIhmmKpQY
CEO of housing charity Shelter says that Labour 's plans “ could end up harming the very people on low incomes they ’ re meant to help ” # PMQs
We ’ ve made sure councils can place families in a broader range of homes if they fall into these circumstances – so since 2011 councils can place families into private rented accommodation – meaning they can get into a suitable place sooner # PMQs
RT @ Michael4MDNP : Delighted there will be a universally recognised ID for veterans in the UK . Our Armed Forces deserve recognition for the…
Following our announcements in the Budget , we ’ re now dedicating over £1 billion through to 2020 to tackling homelessness and rough sleeping # PMQs
RT @ ONS : The UK unemployment rate for August to October 2017 remained at 4.3 % . This is down from 4.8 % from the previous year , and is the jo…
The latest statistics released by the ONS today show that the Conservatives have helped businesses create 1,000 jobs every day - meaning more people with the security of a regular pay packet . https : //t.co/UokDjQGcEb
. @ theresa_may has announced proposals which could give 2.5 million former Armed Forces personnel driving licences identifying them as veterans in recognition of their service to the nation . https : //t.co/xEHgUOxJYD
Artificial intelligence and high-tech industries have the potential to create thousands of better-paying jobs . It ’ s great news that the government is independently rated best prepared in the world . https : //t.co/7k6bpvx881
We are expanding the UK and Canada-led Powering Past Coal Alliance , which is pushing the international community to phase out the use of unabated coal to tackle climate change . https : //t.co/qWwD6exgRp
. @ michaelgove : We are not only maintaining but enhancing animal welfare standards . Animals are sentient beings who feel pain and suffering , so we are writing that principle into law and ensuring that we protect their welfare . https : //t.co/E3HkhWYez4
RT @ CCHQPress : Here 's what our # BrexitDeal means :
🇬🇧No hard border in Northern Ireland
💷EU Financial Settlement
🏡Secured the rights of EU c…
Labour 's position on Brexit explained : https : //t.co/h6lplr30yW
. @ theresa_may `` We are going to leave [ the EU ] but we are going to do so in a smooth and orderly way , securing a new deep and special partnership with our friends while taking back control of our borders , money and laws once again '' .
. @ theresa_may `` There will be no hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland '' . https : //t.co/fur0ETo0Ql
What the agreement secured by @ theresa_may in Brussels last week means - allowing us to move to the next stage of the negotiations - as we prepare for leaving the EU on the 29th March 2019. https : //t.co/S86MxHXMq6
Yesterday , the Defence Secretary @ GavinWilliamson signed a multi-billion pound jet contract supporting thousands of British manufacturing jobs . https : //t.co/MMaS9pm1G8
. @ DavidDavisMP : Keir Starmer could not have been clearer about what the consequences of Labour 's chaotic approach to Brexit would be . https : //t.co/otUNgB1ESK
Labours brexit plans confirmed :

-Billions to the EU every year

-Following EU law with no say

-No control over immigration https : //t.co/I5eA1MSlTn
. @ Patrick4Dales : Theresa May ’ s historic Brexit deal should be welcomed whether you voted Leave or Remain https : //t.co/4x4dRWqX5B
@ DominicRaab : Today was a really important step forward a vindication of the Prime Minister 's approach . https : //t.co/vG5aSkLqMg
RT @ theresa_may : I ’ ve made six key commitments to Northern Ireland as part of my negotiations with the EU : https : //t.co/BgWa0cEdqu https : //…
We ’ ve gained back control of British Laws , with the European Court of Justice no longer making judgements over British Courts . https : //t.co/nbdOiox9ed
RT @ BorisJohnson : @ JulianSmithUK @ theresa_may Yes , great meeting with PM @ theresa_may - found her totally determined that 'full alignment'…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : @ CBItweets have welcomed the progress achieved by @ theresa_may - good to see ! https : //t.co/G69Sm7QRSN
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ JBrokenshire : we will avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland and protect the Belfast Agreement . We remai…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ Anna_Soubry welcomes the news that @ theresa_may has put jobs and the UK economy at the heart of any # BrexitDeal https : //t.…
RT @ GregHands : Today ’ s Brexit deal will be welcome news for hundreds of thousands of EU nationals across London . https : //t.co/vftD2kxzxO
RT @ JulianSmithUK : A nice moment last night as @ BorisJohnson comes in for a quick update from @ theresa_may https : //t.co/G5a4Z2nkdP
RT @ jc4southsuffolk : I do n't think any of us can appreciate the huge pressure that the PM has been under this week , & amp ; yet she has risen to…
RT @ redditchrachel : Huge congratulations to @ theresa_may you kept going in the face of intense criticism . Well done businesses and EU citiz…
All you need to know about today 's Brexit deal . https : //t.co/FtdcnD2gSW
RT @ BorisJohnson : Congratulations to PM for her determination in getting today 's deal . We now aim to forge a deep and special partnership w…
RT @ andrealeadsom : Well done @ theresa_may ! https : //t.co/JHRE3ecXvc
RT @ MattHancock : Strong endorsement from business of the certainty provided by @ theresa_may in today ’ s # BrexitAgreement https : //t.co/yTh39a…
. @ theresa_may : `` We 've been working extremely hard this week and as you 've all seen it has n't been easy for either side . When we met on Monday we said a deal was within reach , what we have arrived at today represents a significant improvement . '' https : //t.co/TXkrweKfss
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : This deal gives our brilliant EU doctors & amp ; nurses binding guarantees about their residence rights . NHS staff please spread…
RT @ theresa_may : I very much welcome the prospect of moving ahead to the next phase of the # Brexit talks on trade and security , and to disc…
RT @ AlanMakMP : Great news that Prime Minister @ theresa_may has secured a deal that 's in the interests of the whole UK and allows us to move…
RT @ SeemaKennedy : This is what @ theresa_may has won for the UK - guaranteed citizens ’ rights , no hard border with Ireland & amp ; financial terms…
RT @ OliverHealdUK : Good for Britain # Brexit https : //t.co/8CdnNt1X54
RT @ GregClarkMP : V pleased with today 's agreement , which is crucial for business . Now on to secure a positive relationship on trade , resear…
RT @ LeoDochertyUK : Good result today by @ theresa_may # Brexit does indeed mean # Brexit . Trade talks can now begin . https : //t.co/cDNpRSesbv
Today 's deal secures the rights of the three million EU citizens living here and the million British citizens living in the EU so they can get on with their lives knowing that their rights are secure . https : //t.co/Rb5nvVKjpY
RT @ BrandonLewis : Glad we can now give the certainty to the EU citizens here in UK & amp ; UK citizens working in EU . https : //t.co/6siCd9lBtj
RT @ SuellaFernandes : Pragmatic & amp ; flexible . Great news that we are moving onto the next stage of negotiations . Credit to @ Number10gov for al…
RT @ andrealeadsom : Huge progress towards a successful # Brexit ! https : //t.co/rzOylF3n9s
RT @ BrandonLewis : Great work by @ Number10gov @ theresa_may to deliver this agreement this week . We now move to next stage of negotiations & amp ; …
RT @ vickyford : Good ! - now for the next stage ... https : //t.co/iuo7qQL1Lj
RT @ morton_wendy : https : //t.co/EnI5tlogOD
RT @ DavidDavisMP : Citizens can now be confident about the rights they enjoy ; we should now move forward to discuss our future relationship…
RT @ DavidDavisMP : Today is a big step forward in delivering Brexit . Been a lot of work but glad the Commission have now recommended that su…
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Good news on moving to phase 2 in EU negotiations . Now , let 's talk trade .
RT @ JulianSmithUK : Have been privileged to work with @ duponline all week to ensure that Northern Ireland will never be separated from U.K a…
This is a deal in the interests of the whole of the UK and allows us to move to the next stage of the negotiations - on our future relationship with the EU - as we prepare for leaving the EU on the 29th March 2019 .
https : //t.co/aYEWkDdU79 https : //t.co/Nr5kbmZjqE
. @ BorisJohnson : British foreign policy is not the problem ; it is part of the solution . https : //t.co/G2MWQm287J
Labour have been making lots of claims about Universal Credit , but here are the facts : https : //t.co/8aK3YyYR4X
. @ UKLabour are still claiming that they will cancel student debt ... it is time they apologise # PMQs https : //t.co/m8DpXIVcdN
Labour 's economic policies : who pays the price ? # PMQs https : //t.co/DWOUTK8nMm
In 2012 , 58 % of six-year-olds passed the reading test . This year that figure is 81 % . @ conservatives are delivering a Britain # fitforthefuture # PMQs https : //t.co/mtl7dpjUvv
. @ theresa_may : `` @ UK Labour are still misleading students on their student debt pledge '' # PMQs https : //t.co/OFenftKJdY
. @ SuellaFernandes : Today ’ s results show that reading standards are the best they ’ ve been in 15 years , helping our children get the vital skills they need to succeed in life . https : //t.co/AT9JbcO4LZ
In 2010 we changed the way we teach our children how to read , and today 's rankings show pupils in England are among the highest-performing in Europe . We 're making sure our young people have the skills they need to get on in life , building an education system fit for the future . https : //t.co/2i0MXRy22D
We ’ re raising school standards to improve children ’ s literacy , building an education system fit for the future . https : //t.co/igx5HFWE7Q
We have today announced an extension to the UK Blue Belt to protect rare seabirds - protecting our planet for future generations . https : //t.co/jFpmRdcFGL
Labour ’ s Shadow Chancellor claims that their plans would be cost free ? In reality , their plans would cost £5 billion in debt interest - enough to fund 50,000 nurses , doctors and police officers . https : //t.co/AL4S2Eo99B
. @ Jeremy_Hunt sets out our new £300 million plan to improve support for children and young people ’ s mental health by treating and stopping childrens ' mental ill health before it turns into something more serious https : //t.co/p3PZKfGLjB
. @ JustineGreening : We are seeing standards in our schools rise , we are narrowing the gap in outcomes between disadvantaged children and their better-off peers and we are improving technical education . # Marr https : //t.co/17qlzXhNR0
. @ Conservatives are delivering on our commitment and launching a new £300 million plan to improve support for children and young people ’ s mental health . https : //t.co/EdFwGmHZPl
@ Jeremy_Hunt on our £300 million plan to improve support for children & amp ; young people ’ s mental health : “ We need hard action to ensure our young people get the support they need to stay well and help them achieve their true potential ” https : //t.co/D8XeIQs1xl # Peston
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Delighted that every penny of VAT collected on @ TheXFactor song will go to charities @ SSChospices and @ Tog4ShortLives.…
RT @ JohnnyMercerUK : In our brilliant and burgeoning city , small businesses lead the way . Happy Small Business Saturday # smallbizsatuk @ smal…
RT @ SuellaFernandes : # SmallBusinessSaturday @ SmallBizSatUK Thank you to the pioneers , entrepreneurs , employers , service-providers , creative…
RT @ sajidjavid : Pleased to drop by @ decanter_spirit on Bromsgrove High Street and celebrate # SmallBizSatUK . Proud of all small businesses a…
RT @ AlbertoCostaMP : Great morning out and about in # Lutterworth town centre for # SmallBizSatUK - a real pleasure to visit so many excellent…
RT @ AlanMakMP : Yarnery and haberdashery business My Yarnery in South Street # Havant ! Great small business run by Lizzie and Lizzie . Enjoyed…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Great to meet the small business owners @ boroughmarket today and hear how they 've pulled together following the horrific e…
. @ MattHancock on why we 're celebrating # SmallBizSatUK https : //t.co/jfEWR71YrI
. @ margot_james_mp on the importance of backing small businesses across the country :

`` This government is completely behind the UK ’ s 5.7 million small businesses – they are there , day in and day out , at the heart of our local communities . ''

# SmallBizSatUK https : //t.co/zVtwz9KD1K
Small businesses are the backbone of our communities . On # SmallBizSatUK get out and support your local high street . https : //t.co/xZw9aMunWx
Small businesses are the foundation of our economy . Since 2010 the Conservatives have helped support the creation 1.2 million and delivered record low unemployment . # SmallBizSatUK https : //t.co/UlyhVqBeyh
RT @ mariacaulfield : Very pleased that my bill to block mobile phone signals in prisons had got second reading with cross party support http…
RT @ FSB_Scotland : . @ RuthDavidsonMSP constituency has the largest number of small businesses in Scotland ! Here she is reminding us to make t…
RT @ MattHancock : It 's # SmallBizSatUK tomorrow . Here 's my @ CityAM piece on this brilliant initiative & amp ; why we should be backing our small bu…
Today the International Development Secretary @ PennyMordaunt has announced a £40 million package of aid to help over half a million people at risk of modern slavery . https : //t.co/dFBVk2v044
We ’ re determined to ensure that the UK remains open for business , so whilst we continue to reduce immigration , we ’ ll keep attracting the brightest and best from around the world . https : //t.co/DneQfHqXsy
RT @ BrandonLewis : Net migration is down . @ Conservatives reducing net migration , whilst ensuring our economy can prosper with access to the…
RT @ theresa_may : Scotland has a special place at the heart of our precious union of nations . To all Scots , wherever you are in the world , I…
Treasury minister @ SteveBarclay explains how last week ’ s budget is helping people with an increase in the living wage , a freeze on fuel duty , the homes Britain needs and investment in vital public services . https : //t.co/rLqMVAPII8
RT @ theresa_may : The UK is committed not only to defeating Daesh militarily but also to countering the dispersal of foreign fighters from I…
Under the Conservatives there are now 1.9 million more children being taught in good or outstanding schools , meaning more children with the opportunity to make the most of their talents . https : //t.co/UB0OCctXPH
RT @ BorisJohnson : Britain First is a divisive , hateful group whose views are not in line with our values . UK has a proud history as an open…
RT @ BobBlackman : The @ Conservatives have announced a bold # RailStrategy that will expand the rail network - making life better for commuter…
RT @ willquince : The First Secretary of State @ DamianGreen responding to a question on the NHS at # PMQs today @ Conservatives https : //t.co/ke…
. @ DamianGreen sets the record straight at # PMQs . It is the Conservatives who are investing in our NHS , which was rated as the best health service in the world for the second time in a row by the independent Commonwealth Fund . https : //t.co/DAnjDolWEl
RT @ sheryllmurray : This is good news . https : //t.co/Ox4Wvri1TN
RT @ mimsdavies : Rightly raised at # PMQS by @ pow_rebecca @ Conservatives An MP who has done so much for securing our environment & amp ; is truly c…
RT @ CCHQPress : DG : Housing was at the centre of the Chancellor 's budget last week . Over the next 5 years we will invest £44 bn in housing , …
RT @ willquince : Pleased to see the First Secretary of State @ DamianGreen confirming the @ Conservatives support for small business at # PMQs…
We are building more social housing than Labour did in their 13 years in office . Delivering the homes we need . # PMQs https : //t.co/FysCTBBpNU
RT @ SteveBarclay : Welcome progress by @ Conservatives on improving environmental standards by banning microbeads . https : //t.co/mzLefvWm8x
RT @ redditchrachel : Good to get a reminder on the governments record of action on protecting our planet in # PMQs today . We want to see our…
RT @ BobBlackman : The facts on increase in number of doctors & amp ; nurses under @ Conservatives in government https : //t.co/MU6M8wkQR4
Supporting small business is at the heart of our economic strategy # PMQs https : //t.co/TlNyqp9r4l
RT @ CCHQPress : Since 2010 we 've cut the deficit and it 's a stark reminder of the damage Labour did to our country 's economy when they were…
RT @ willquince : We are banning microbeads to help protect our marine life for the next generation . @ Conservatives https : //t.co/JEsgQaAhPt
RT @ SamGyimah : 14,900 more doctors and 10,100 more nurses on our wards since 2010 because we are investing in our public services .
RT @ bbradleymp : Labour try to talk down our @ NHS and the amazing people that work within it ... but the figures speak for themselves . More d…
We have protected and increased the NHS budget so that everyone can get the care they need . # PMQs https : //t.co/POvOSfK05n
We are banning microbeads to help protect our marine life for the next generation # PMQs https : //t.co/KuNRK8nzfW
Under the Conservatives there are more doctors and more nurses on our wards # PMQs https : //t.co/wo7r1FMmQy
RT @ Toryhealth : 14,900 more doctors and over 10,100 more nurses on our wards since 2010 .
Our balanced approach means we can keep the economy strong and fund our vital public services # PMQs https : //t.co/RdsN2fnizK
Over the last year , the number of workless households fell by 49,000 . That means more families with the security of a regular wage . https : //t.co/LrM7wQJOMb
RT @ SteveBarclay : Launch today of first green bond entirely financed by UK assets & amp ; first listed at @ LSEplc by British Bank @ Barclays https…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ ChrisGraylingMP speaking on @ BBCBreakfast this morning announcing a bold Rail Strategy that will expand the rail network-…
The Transport Secretary Chris Grayling has announced a bold Rail Strategy that will expand the rail network boosting jobs and housing . https : //t.co/IeKsKmbXtp
. @ uklabour just wo n't come clean on how much debt interest taxpayers will have to pay to fund their reckless borrowing binge . https : //t.co/EydmqSMnXd
Jeremy Hunt : My ambition is for the NHS to offer the safest and highest quality care in the world . That ’ s why families who suffer the trauma of stillbirth or life changing injuries to their babies will be offered an independent investigation to find out what went wrong and why . https : //t.co/zYHqKhwoV5
Our Industrial Strategy will help to create high-skilled and better-paid jobs for the next generation – improving living standards and building a Britain that is fit for the future . https : //t.co/U2NcgaXkmv
RT @ theresa_may : I would like to offer my very warmest congratulations to HRH Prince Harry and Meghan Markle upon their engagement .

This…
Business Secretary @ GregClarkMP explains that our Industrial Strategy is about how we can support businesses to create better , higher-paying jobs across the country . https : //t.co/jiLTldhkPA
Leader of @ ScotTories @ RuthDavidsonMSP sets out how we are building a country fit for the future on # Marr https : //t.co/cDc3ISLjPO
Shadow International Trade Secretary @ BarryGardiner ca n't say when the deficit would be eliminated under Labour – once again showing their plan would mean a weaker economy with fewer jobs and higher taxes . # Marr https : //t.co/BjWnVyZYeQ
Channel 4 @ FactCheck say `` John McDonnell doesn ’ t seem to understand how government debt works '' and that `` we can ’ t see how Mr McDonnell can sustain the claim that Labour ’ s plans will pay for themselves through taxes '' . https : //t.co/hTSygQiPqB
. @ theresa_may set out her commitment for the UK to continue to play a critical role in European Security after the UK leaves the EU at the Eastern Partnership Summit today . https : //t.co/5msW8L3PHG
. @ michaelgove `` I want to make sure Brexit delivers not just for the British people , but for animals too . '' https : //t.co/s9mGv3FD2P
RT @ JamesCleverly : Big thank you to the @ UoBCons for a such a great turnout tonight . https : //t.co/By6Wxrb29u
Our balanced approach means dealing with our debts to keep the economy strong , whilst investing in public services and keeping taxes low . https : //t.co/YFMYKFGMUH
RT @ timesredbox : The answer to McDonnell ’ s numbers question ? Stifling debt , writes @ Patrick4Dales
https : //t.co/swmF4Vrxkk https : //t.co/ABVr…
RT @ theresa_may : From today , 80 % of first time buyers will pay no stamp duty at all and 95 % will pay much less than before . I ’ ve said it ’ s…
. @ PhilipHammondUK “ Yesterday ’ s Budget laid the foundations for a country fit for the future ” # Budget2017 https : //t.co/UtcwOHhvZ8
RT @ RossThomson_MP : 🎥 Watch : There have been concerns about last week ’ s # EUWithdrawalBill vote being a vote against the idea that animals a…
We ’ re launching a new £1.7bn Transforming Cities Fund for our city regions , so that our local transport is fit for the future # Budget2017 https : //t.co/q9YME1gXFG
RT @ Patrick4Dales : I ’ ve seen some nonsense saying that @ Conservatives voted that animals aren ’ t sentient . That ’ s rubbish ! We ’ re doing great…
We will make sure animal sentience is recognised in UK law . But we want to go even further and become a world leader in protection of animals . https : //t.co/mef4JIHnDM
We have helped businesses create over 1,000 jobs every day , meaning more people with the security of a regular pay packet # Budget2017 https : //t.co/zWF6Uy4vnv
RT @ heidiallen75 : Animals are sentient beings - there is absolutely no doubt @ Conservatives https : //t.co/KbEpZkZkRx
Keeping fuel duty frozen for the eighth consecutive year means the average car driver is £850 better off since 2010 # Budget2017 https : //t.co/iYBs7NScSr
To help the next generation buy a home of their own we will abolish stamp duty for over 80 per cent of first-time buyers . # Budget2017 https : //t.co/Sx5oVv0WBm
HMT minister @ SteveBarclay writes for @ ConHome today : `` meeting our fiscal targets , supporting families , and investing for the long term reflects our balanced approach '' # Budget2017 https : //t.co/mEaUE3gXZi
RT @ RobertJenrick : Environment Secretary @ michaelgove sets the record straight on animal sentience . @ Conservatives are doing everything we…
RT @ carriesymonds : It 's been suggested that the vote on New Clause 30 of the EU Withdrawal Bill somehow signalled a weakening in protection…
RT @ ZacGoldsmith : Strong statement from @ michaelgove on animal welfare and legislating to recognise sentience of animals . https : //t.co/rmU8…
Paul Johnson from @ TheIFS praises @ PhilipHammondUK on # r4today for focusing on the long term in the # Budget2017 https : //t.co/bQoScl7Zra
The National Living Wage will mean the lowest paid will be £2,000 a year better off - helping to provide a better future # Budget2017 https : //t.co/52MgDN0h45
Lewes MP @ mariacaulfield explains how # Budget2017 will help young people , first-time buyers and the NHS . https : //t.co/yE7DQuZVls
RT @ CCHQPress : Listen to @ Kirstene4Angus set out how it is the @ ScotTories who are delivering for Scotland , while the SNP just shout from t…
RT @ CCHQPress : Rishi Sunak MP sets out how @ Conservatives are building a Britain fit for the future by backing British businesses # Budget20…
The # Budget2017 in 25 seconds . https : //t.co/l5l0YTeIlK
Lewes MP @ mariacaufield explains how # Budget2017 will help young people , first-time buyers and the NHS . https : //t.co/psuzXSAers
RT @ sajidjavid : We 've abolished stamp duty for first time buyers up to £300k . @ Conservatives reviving the great British home-owning dream # …
RT @ SteveBarclay : # Budget2017 https : //t.co/u78xhEWz7m
We 're offering schools £600 for each extra student who studies Maths beyond GCSE # Budget2017 https : //t.co/sB4f0DadGs
RT @ JamesCleverly : The lowest paid have had the biggest income tax cut . https : //t.co/QZ68ed0rLy
RT @ CCHQPress : EEF , the manufacturers organisation : `` “ The £5bn commitment to build 300,000 houses a year will not only benefit first time b…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Tories continue to be party of homeownership with stamp duty cut and £44bn for house building plan , while maintaining str…
RT @ CitAdviceScot : We welcome the changes to # UniversalCredit in # Budget2017 today . Taken together , the measures will make a real differenc…
Minister for Digital @ MattHancock explains how # Budget2017 will ensure that everyone can benefit from new technologies . https : //t.co/NrRkxz9BFu
The @ fmbuilders has welcomed # Budget2017 as a `` budget for builders '' helping deliver the new homes Britain needs . https : //t.co/dYmu0rgV0A
RT @ robertcourts : Today ’ s # Budget2017 is against a background of positive economic news in jobs , manufacturing & amp ; pay - it ’ s because of this…
RT @ ToryBusiness : # Budget2017 : Building the new economy , supporting families in their everyday lives , building the homes that young people…
RT @ britishchambers : Good to hear @ PhilipHammondUK announce £30m to improve mobile and digital connectivity on trains . A key priority for t…
RT @ BritProp : . @ HCA_UK becomes @ HomesEngland - a huge welcome from us , we need new homes of all tenures in the right places across the coun…
RT @ fsb_policy : A real step in the right direction for small businesses at this # Budget2017 with @ PhilipHammondUK announcing an axe of the…
The Budget `` will boost confidence across the small business community '' -
Federation of Small Businesses # Budget2017 https : //t.co/nyAocpteQO
RT @ Patrick4Dales : What are @ Conservatives in Government doing for you ?

🏡 Abolishing stamp duty for over 80 % of first time buyers

💷 Incre…
We are investing £28 million as part of our commitment to halve rough sleeping by 2022 and eliminate it by 2027 # Budget2017 https : //t.co/QTlUqY1BOh
RT @ HenrySmithUK : A positive Budget statement to Parliament : Average income tax bills down by £1,075 and fuel duty savings of £850 since 20…
RT @ theresa_may : My Government will help people save for their first home by abolishing stamp duty for over 80 % of first-time buyers . # Budg…
Thanks to the National Living Wage , lower paid workers have seen their wages grow in real terms more than any other group # Budget2017 https : //t.co/4iUFP0m8T1
To help the next generation buy a home of their own we will abolish stamp duty for over 80 per cent of first-time buyers # Budget2017 https : //t.co/3sLAaGBSo3
We are investing £44 billion in housebuilding to help deliver an average of 300,000 homes a year # Budget2017 https : //t.co/7v5ONeCpnv
We will deliver an average of 300,000 homes a year by the middle of the next decade - the biggest increase in supply since 1970 # Budget2017 https : //t.co/mg5jvrWWgx
RT @ CCHQPress : Chx : We will help our army of 5.5 million small businesses by bringing forward the planned Business Rates switch from RPI to…
RT @ BrandonLewis : . @ Conservatives ensuring people keep more of the money they earn in their own pockets . https : //t.co/YmnhYjLf9x
More people are using our NHS . We will help deal with those pressures with an additional £2.8 billion of funding to 2019-20 # Budget2017 https : //t.co/eX5h42EOrh
RT @ CCHQPress : Chx : With more people than ever using our NHS , we are investing £2.8bn more so that it ’ s fit for the future # Budget2017
No Government in British history has done more than this one to tackle tax evasion and aggressive tax avoidance # Budget2017 https : //t.co/tnpPnLpMJC
We will keep fuel duty frozen for the eighth consecutive year meaning the average car driver is £850 better off since 2010 # Budget2017 https : //t.co/ARJ3t2WXHX
From April the personal allowance rises to £11,850 . A typical taxpayer will be £1,075 a year better off compared to 2010 # Budget2017 https : //t.co/VlHnLqpKtO
From April the National Living Wage will rise to £7.83 , meaning full-time workers are £2,000 better off since we introduced it # Budget2017 https : //t.co/4zVv5OVbe5
RT @ MattHancock : A whopping £500m funding for the tech - to keep Britain at the forefront of new technology # fitforthefuture
We are taking action on single-use plastics that damage our environment - delivering a Britain fit for the future # Budget2017 https : //t.co/wTGymyrnIO
Since 2010 , we ’ ve invested half a trillion pounds in Britain - with the biggest rail programme since the Victorians , the biggest road building since the 70s , and the single biggest investment project in Europe . # Budget2017
Since 2010 we have cut the deficit by over three quarters , helping to keep our economy strong # Budget2017 https : //t.co/pyArA0fozk
Philip Hammond : `` I 'm reporting today on an economy that continues to grow '' # Budget2017 https : //t.co/P2KY1jopq1
We ’ ve created 3.5 million private sector jobs since 2010 , meaning that more people have the security of a wage # Budget2017 https : //t.co/8X7g9gRPTa
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : We will be ensuring that we maintain and enhance our animal welfare standards when we leave the EU # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : Week in and week out Corbyn comes in and talks down our country and is pessimistic about our future . I am optimistic abo…
RT @ theresa_may : The Cabinet met this morning to discuss # Budget2017 which @ PhilipHammondUK will deliver later today - setting out how my G…
Good economic news in papers today ahead of # Budget2017 - BoE say pay is rising as unemployment falls , CBI survey shows strongest manufacturing orders for 30 yrs and export orders for 22yrs with firms “ confident ” growth will continue . https : //t.co/mtP2dIxlLf
Manufacturing orders are at their highest level for almost 30 years , meaning businesses continue to grow and more people can have the security of a job . https : //t.co/3bwXnacXmx
Philip Hammond : We must invest to secure a bright future for Britain , and at this budget that is what we choose to do . # FitForTheFuture https : //t.co/JN7nR2HaZy
RT @ MattHancock : Delighted to see massive backing of tech announced by the PM in @ thetimes today # fitforthefuture https : //t.co/Qwyxo47MGw
RT @ BorisJohnson : I will not pretend to regret Mugabe ’ s downfall . Today is a moment of hope for the people of Zimbabwe . The UK will support…
RT @ theresa_may : The resignation of Robert Mugabe provides Zimbabwe with an opportunity to forge a new path free of the oppression that cha…
Labour ’ s plan for the economy in John McDonnell ’ s own words # Budget2017 https : //t.co/2djDNbzCjJ
We ’ re introducing a new discount rail card for 26-30 year-olds , helping 4.5million young people keep more of their hard-earnt cash . # FitForTheFuture https : //t.co/clK0pPzXrE
RT @ educationgovuk : . @ JustineGreening remembers her French # teacher Mr Tranter . Share your inspirational teacher story . # TeachersChangeLive…
RT @ ZacGoldsmith : No , MPs did not vote that animals are n't sentient @ Benfogle @ domdyer70 @ DeborahMeaden @ sueperkins https : //t.co/eQLz6plfa9
At tomorrow 's budget when Labour 's shadow Chancellor stands up and pledges to spend billions of pounds , without any plan for where the money is coming from , remember the promises they have already broken . https : //t.co/mChoWEnKpC
We will help keep the cost of living down for around 4.5 million more young people by introducing a new discount railcard for 26-30 year-olds . # FitForTheFuture https : //t.co/AfiK5C0IaF
RT @ theresa_may : Great to meet young apprentices @ EEF_Insights and talk about our # IndustrialStrategy and how it is an @ Conservatives Gover…
We are investing in research and development because it is one of the best things we can do to make sure businesses can create better , higher paying jobs . # fitforthefuture https : //t.co/Z39a5mNNvk
@ theresa_may : You can only put record levels of money into your NHS and your schools with a strong economy . https : //t.co/bv98EkCRiJ
Our economy continues to grow under the Conservatives , meaning that we can continue to fund our vital public services . https : //t.co/Gsf4oWrrVg
How much would labour spend in power ? John McDonnell replies : `` You do n't need a number '' . https : //t.co/rZGTz08Uk8
RT @ trussliz : Chancellor rightly says we need to bring debt down . Meanwhile McDonnell plans to increase debt by an eye-watering £1/2 trilli…
RT @ MarrShow : `` Just one little number ? '' asks # marr as @ johnmcdonnellMP fails to give figures for cost of nationalisation https : //t.co/ZiYuc…
We are taking action on the single-use plastics that are damaging our environment and killing sea life . We are delivering a Britain fit for the future . https : //t.co/gRx4nL3U6N
Under @ UKLabour : Harmful diesel fumes ignored despite warnings . Under the @ Conservatives : Air quality improved and the environment taken seriously . https : //t.co/klvlptHGEV
We ’ re giving more money to schools than ever before , so that children have the best possible start in life . https : //t.co/touqgOyR1c
We are increasing education standards . That means putting more money into schools and raising standards with a tougher curriculum so that children get the best start in life . https : //t.co/Pq0cEUH4hg
We ’ re helping more families get a foot onto the housing ladder with Right-to-Buy and Help-to-Buy so they have the security of their own home https : //t.co/4cDFgP3tkn
New figures announced today show that 220,000 homes have been built in the last year . This is a huge step forward in delivering the homes that will begin to fix our housing crisis , but we need to do more and we will do more . https : //t.co/DqGFQbTgTN
RT @ theresa_may : My Government is committed to the UK tech sector , encouraging its continued growth and spreading its benefits across the c…
. @ UKLabour are planning a run on the pound , while the @ Conservatives are building an economy fit for the future . # PMQs https : //t.co/7cMQc0noW0
More than 1,000 jobs have been created every day under this Conservative Government , helping build the sort of country that we all want to live in . https : //t.co/T7JCfqZgGc
Under the Conservatives , over 3 million more people have the security of regular pay packet - helping them to provide a better future for themselves and their families . https : //t.co/q3LCntIyaJ
RT @ David_Cameron : I ’ m incredibly proud of legalising Same Sex Marriage in the UK & amp ; delighted that other countries are looking to do the sa…
RT @ theresa_may : We are approaching a defining moment in the history of our nation and our place in the world . Last night I outlined why I…
RT @ theresa_may : As we leave the EU , we must do all we can to ensure that UK and EU businesses continue to thrive side-by-side . That ’ s why…
RT @ theresa_may : Bullying is cruel and should never be tolerated in our schools - that ’ s why we have given them more powers to tackle it . I…
We are making CCTV mandatory in all slaughterhouses in England from next year . We have some of the highest animal welfare standards in the world and are building on them , so that we create the type of country that we all want to live in . https : //t.co/dXBhe9MmNh
RT @ foreignoffice : British Embassies and High Commissions around the world mark # RemembranceSunday and # ArmisticeDay .

⚡️ https : //t.co/FDuP…
RT @ MariaMillerUK : Met Basingstoke veteran Reg who recounted vividly & amp ; with pride his military service in NAfrica & amp ; Italy # LestWeForget htt…
RT @ cmackinlay : A fine turnout # Ramsgate for # ArmisticeDay parade . # LestWeForget https : //t.co/XBjZP5IJpR
RT @ theresa_may : It was an honour to attend the # RemembranceSunday service and to lay a wreath in memory of all those who have died in defe…
RT @ DLidington : Huge turnout again in Market Square for # Aylesbury Remembrance Service . Impressed by how this event is evolving : moving rea…
RT @ ConMEPs : We will remember them # LestWeForget # RemembranceSunday https : //t.co/zD2qpfqgzN
RT @ julianknight15 : Privilege to lay a wreath at the memorial outside St Alphege church today in Solihull to remember those who gave their…
RT @ MarcusFysh : Deeply honoured to attend Remembrance services in # Yeovil this morning and to lay a wreath for all the people of my constit…
RT @ theresa_may : I pay tribute not just to our Armed Forces but also to those who stand alongside them in this small act of remembrance eac…
RT @ theresa_may : We will remember them # LestWeForget https : //t.co/E2cdGwgbLe
RT @ SteveBakerHW : Every year , it seems more people turn out in High Wycombe to remember the fallen - good . I ’ m proud of our Town ’ s commitme…
RT @ HuddlestonNigel : Honoured to join in the Remembrance Sunday service in Droitwich Spa today along with thousands of local residents .
# We…
RT @ GregoryStafford : Honoured to lay a wreath on behalf of @ EalingTories to remember all those who gave their lives to defend our country a…
RT @ Number10gov : PM : Today I pay tribute not just to our Armed Forces but also to those who stand alongside them in this small act of remem…
RT @ craig4nwarks : Lovely service today at Water Orton to mark Remembrance Sunday . Church was packed & amp ; honoured to lay a wreath .
RT @ lucyallan : Beautiful Remembrance Day service at Telford Town Park - simple , moving - largest turnout ever . Thank you ... https : //t.co/k4…
We are backing new restrictions on pesticides to protect bees and improve our environment for future generations . https : //t.co/ofYnfWwUwV
We ’ re delivering on our plans to make renting fairer , so that our housing market works for everyone . https : //t.co/kV1rcBoZJH
For the first time in over 40 years , the UK will be able to shape our own trade and investment agenda – creating jobs at home . https : //t.co/s4KJX92aW9
The UK has the lowest tax gap in the world , which means more money is available to go towards our world-class public services . https : //t.co/FtXBBYQGay
Since 2010 , we 've secured almost £160 billion through tackling tax evasion and avoidance - vital funds for our world-class public services . https : //t.co/Sqbi9wdzzF
Today we have published our new code of conduct for all Party representatives . https : //t.co/498VlugxFv
We are launching a faster route for new medicines and medical technology , which means patients have access to life-changing care earlier . https : //t.co/GM3uzllVRs
The number of children growing up in a home where no one works is at its lowest level since records began . https : //t.co/ATQy3nUuDC
We ’ re helping more school leavers than ever before go to University , giving them the opportunities to build a better future for themselves . https : //t.co/pNhcrhP3w1
The UK has the lowest tax gap in the world , which means more money is available to go towards our world-class public services . https : //t.co/o0MCDa9TZi
We ’ re delivering on our plans to make renting fairer , so that our housing market works for everyone . https : //t.co/PetHcxNmoL
Because of Labour ’ s recession we spend £50bn/yr on interest – @ UKLabour want to increase debt , meaning less money for public services . https : //t.co/T7KGB9RA24
We ’ re delivering on our promise to ban letting fees , putting an end to costly upfront charges to protect renters . https : //t.co/XkOACmEJt6
We ’ re introducing a cap on energy bills to bring an end to rip-off energy prices once and for all . https : //t.co/eCAPKMOrcm
We ’ re investing £40m to help British farmers- offering new farm technology to boost productivity and improve quality https : //t.co/hHnULAFbEI https : //t.co/dzGkg4ycqG
Under the Conservatives , there are now more people in work than ever before . https : //t.co/yrI1eqJ2cG
We ’ ve cut income tax for 31 million people , so that hard working families keep more of the money they earn . https : //t.co/yZSVTabk2A
We ’ re tackling modern slavery to protect the most vulnerable in our society . https : //t.co/2MoPV68d5h
2 million public sector employees will now be guaranteed tailored mental health support as part of our commitment to tackle injustices . https : //t.co/WEr6q6kH33
. @ UKLabour would wreck the economy and cause a run on the pound – meaning less money for public services . https : //t.co/WvgoiES8Ts
Figures out today show that our economy continues to grow under the Conservatives , meaning that we can continue to fund our public services . https : //t.co/IfHco3Llj2
We ’ re introducing a cap on energy bills to bring an end to rip-off energy prices once and for all . https : //t.co/KdD8xfnkf3
@ UKLabour would wreck the economy and cause a run on the pound – meaning less money for public services . https : //t.co/MLKiDnyUCt
Under the Conservatives , Britain is taking a global lead in marine conservation - helping to protect ocean territory the size of India . https : //t.co/eWKfbS8ymy
Youth unemployment has been cut by 415k under the Conservatives , meaning more young people are able to build a better future for themselves . https : //t.co/MCkmbLrP0s
We are launching a consultation on how to help people who are overwhelmed by problem debt - helping them get their lives back on track . https : //t.co/WQ8ZWvsojK
Sajid Javid launches a call for evidence to help improve the home buying process : https : //t.co/WHmiDvwVLT https : //t.co/mUxYJMZJHb
RT @ theresa_may : The UK and the EU must work together to get to an outcome that we can stand behind and that works for all our people . http…
. @ theresa_may I couldn ’ t be clearer : EU citizens living lawfully in the UK today will be able to stay . https : //t.co/XnZ2VDkX7I
This is what we are doing about the cost of living : https : //t.co/3Sa4yDi7ms
RT @ theresa_may : Figures out today show unemployment at its lowest level since 1975 . This Government is getting more and more people into w…
Today we announced new rules to strengthen the Government ’ s powers to protect our national security . https : //t.co/5l7hGwntPT
We ’ re investing £25m in 5G technology , bringing superfast internet access to people across the country . https : //t.co/M5VrM4zDG9
Yesterday we published plans to introduce a cap on energy prices - helping up to 18m people get a fairer deal on their energy bills . https : //t.co/Upn2js9zRo
We ’ re supporting renewable technologies & amp ; reducing our reliance on fossil fuels - protecting our planet for the future https : //t.co/tPRmmI6fA7
We welcome Ofgem 's announcement that 1 million more households will benefit from capped energy prices this winter . https : //t.co/OMlBfjr5ft
These are a few of the facts Labour would rather you forgot . https : //t.co/3Fm0gUIkV1
Today we have set out plans on internet safety . We want to make the online world safer for everyone . https : //t.co/EHKu0izSQh
We are leading the biggest expansion of mental health care in Europe to make sure more people get the support they need . # MentalHealthDay https : //t.co/Z3V6RtHiCN
RT @ theresa_may : Today , I launch a world-leading project on the impact of ethnicity on people 's lives . Time to tackle injustice .
https : //t…
We are acting to stop plastic entering our oceans , by banning microbeads and exploring a deposit return scheme for plastic bottles . https : //t.co/zBNnvgFQLP
We ’ re investing in social mobility , enabling all our children to get the best possible start in life . https : //t.co/AVNEdDEE0t
We are banning the sale of ivory in the UK and increasing maximum sentencing for animal cruelty from 6 months to 5 years . https : //t.co/H4tUA3OOeD
We are banning the sale of ivory - putting the UK at the forefront of global efforts to protect elephants and help combat poaching . https : //t.co/j77FBbsirs
To help fix our broken housing market , we will deliver a new generation of council houses . https : //t.co/gUruBFBxQH
RT @ theresa_may : *coughs* https : //t.co/1b6CoW5Mrz
RT @ theresa_may : Energy bills are too high and the market isn ’ t working for ordinary people . We will bring forward legislation to cap energ…
RT @ natfednews : Read @ natfeddavid 's response to @ theresa_may 's # cpc17 speech on # socialhousing here : https : //t.co/4QPqBANaj2 https : //t.co/f…
RT @ theresa_may : To help fix our broken housing market , we will increase spending by £2 billion and deliver a new generation of council hou…
Energy bills are too high and the market is n't working for ordinary people . We will bring forward legislation to cap energy bills . # CPC17 https : //t.co/Hp71v35JD6
We must take action on student debt . That 's why we have frozen fees , increased the repayment threshold and will review the system . # CPC17 https : //t.co/BoKWHRYvJo
To help fix our broken housing market , we will increase spending by £2 billion and deliver a new generation of council housing . # CPC17 https : //t.co/QxCkMWf4KT
So we can tackle long-standing injustices in our mental health system we have asked Simon Wessely to undertake an independent review . # CPC17 https : //t.co/rCqZAYS0cF
Too many people die waiting for donor organs . We will introduce an opt-out system for organ donation . # CPC17 https : //t.co/SiYqraMonm
RT @ theresa_may : Watch my speech this morning at Conservative Party Conference https : //t.co/rq8C3o0Jax
RT @ theresa_may : In my speech tomorrow , I will show how and why my Government must fulfil our duty to Britain https : //t.co/vOp8HRgoag
Missed today ’ s # CPC17 action ? Catch up on our YouTube Channel . https : //t.co/Rbir5IlbkA
Boris Johnson : Promoting Global Britain # CPC17 https : //t.co/GVQJ6Ahhkc
Watch Secretary of State for Defence Michael Fallon address Conservative Party Conference 2017 # CPC17 https : //t.co/4qHg7EXg7D
Watch the Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis address Conservative Party Conference 2017 https : //t.co/5QZ5wbn2d7
To support our NHS we are increasing the number of nursing degree places by 25 % and expanding the nursing associate programme . # CPC17 https : //t.co/xDxARU60RD
Watch Home Secretary Amber Rudd address Conservative Party Conference 2017 # CPC17 https : //t.co/Y5Pea7VIAi
We are announcing plans to tighten the law around online radicalisation – including sentences of up to 15 years for those found guilty . https : //t.co/IbLgxXXDAW
Greg Clark MP : “ We ’ ve been talking about the battle of ideas we ’ ve got to fight ” https : //t.co/I1HRTFHT9J
Watch Andy Street address # CPC17 https : //t.co/YM381QCFlE
If you missed the Chancellor ’ s speech at Conference , catch up with it here # CPC17 https : //t.co/9gBlwARHIt
We are investing £100 million in road schemes across the North of England – part of a £400 million plan to back the Northern Powerhouse . https : //t.co/py00AjQG8q
Watch the Secretary of State for Education Justine Greening address Conservative Party Conference 2017 # CPC17 https : //t.co/lIkbX4wy1J
Watch the Conservative Party Chairman Patrick McLoughlin address Conservative Party Conference 2017. https : //t.co/TZ12FkTJ1y
One of the biggest barriers to home ownership is saving for a deposit , we will help over 130,000 more families to buy their own home . https : //t.co/dtDybzVjel
We 're freezing tuition fees , and increasing the amount graduates earn before they start paying back fees – saving graduates £360 next year . https : //t.co/ArBYyjcX3r
RT @ theresa_may : “ And , to help younger people buy a home , we will expand Help to Buy with a further £10bn ” . 3/3
RT @ theresa_may : “ We will look again at student finance , freeze tuition fees and raise the amount you can earn before paying back. ” 2/3
RT @ theresa_may : “ My government ’ s mission is to make the UK a fairer place . Today I announce the next steps in that mission ” 1/3
Animal abuse is abhorrent . Those who commit cruelty towards animals could now face up to 5 years in prison . https : //t.co/AMRX8DmIBH
Our balanced approach means recognising the value of an innovative , free market economy whilst making sure it delivers for working people https : //t.co/E6EnLlVXvR
Everyone in our country will be saddled with £4,750 more debt to pay for the £312 billion black hole in Labour ’ s spending plans . https : //t.co/kzyXRHFEjJ
Brexit seems to be one big game for Labour . When will they take it seriously and decide on a position ? # lab17 https : //t.co/UZTaaSPEE6
Labour have admitted what would happen if they got into Government : everyone would pay the price . https : //t.co/g1hY1oLBVL
Another unaffordable promise that will leave ordinary working people having to foot the bill . https : //t.co/Y5FpEs0hbg
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Shadow Chancellor finally admits disastrous effects Labour ’ s plans would have on Britain ’ s economy - https : //t.co/Jk80…
RT @ CCHQPress : Shadow Chancellor , John McDonnell , concedes there could be a run on the pound if Labour get in power https : //t.co/1lxr9AJEL2
RT @ CCHQPress : Minister for London , @ GregHands : `` Sadiq Khan is denying Londoners the widest choice on transport '' # Uber https : //t.co/z96OEiL…
There are more people in work than ever before - giving more people the security of a regular pay packet https : //t.co/aRl6DVM5a6
Sadiq Khan is backing TfL 's ban of Uber in London . Sign our petition , calling for him to rethink his decision : https : //t.co/cPlB6cBJKu
Problems with Uber should be worked out rather than a blanket ban that risks 40,000 jobs . Will Labour reverse decision to ban Uber ? https : //t.co/6a3dBro1Iu
The Uber ban will not only cause massive inconvenience for Londoners but it shows that the Mayor is closed to business & amp ; innovation . https : //t.co/igKSMz6Www
Today the Prime Minister will set out an ambitious vision for a new partnership with Europe once we leave the EU . https : //t.co/CBu57mo22a
Labour disunity causes row days before start of Conference , senior Labour leaders try to silence Mayor of London from a conference platform . https : //t.co/t5sVFATfOy
Urgent review into cycle safety announced today - we want to keep our cyclists and pedestrians safe on our roads . https : //t.co/P3iGxnuNtz
Ordinary taxpayers in Birmingham are paying the price of strikes by Unite Union - Labour 's biggest donor . https : //t.co/pXcxoGnraI
House building in England is at the highest level in almost a decade . Conservatives are helping get more & amp ; more people on the housing ladder https : //t.co/chzTLsKurH
The PM is in Canada today to discuss plans for a post-Brexit trade deal . The Conservatives are working to build a truly Global Britain . https : //t.co/E79G6guQOb
IFS revealed that highest earning graduates would benefit most from Labour 's policy to abolish student debt that costs tax payer £60bn . https : //t.co/od1XQBVyvX
David Gauke : Since 2010 inequality has fallen , more people are in work , a typical taxpayer 's income tax bill has reduced by over £1,000 https : //t.co/0fGQha5vkE
We will cut the complex & amp ; lengthy debates that can delay house building , so we can build more houses , more quickly https : //t.co/2Tq8g9oXGE
RT @ ConferenceCP : Our # CPC17 agenda is now live - visit https : //t.co/mnPbu2Mgr3 to take a look
Under the Conservatives , there are more people in work than ever before . https : //t.co/SCWM2LoAuW
@ jeremycorbyn needs to know - our efforts to build an economy that works for everyone means there are now a record number of women in work . https : //t.co/EEjcaK5DKT
Today ’ s vote in parliament will ensure that the UK takes back control of its laws when we leave the European Union . https : //t.co/aeDa7FIWt0
We introduced the National Living Wage to ensure the lowest paid share the benefits of a growing economy . https : //t.co/1kKwM4nL4S
Under the Conservatives , there are more students going to university from disadvantaged backgrounds than ever before . https : //t.co/iI8Dx4giCm
RT @ theresa_may : UK is offering help to those hit by the devastating Hurricane Irma https : //t.co/wVbTOei3x0
Under this Conservative government , a typical taxpayer pays over £1000 less income tax than they did in 2010. https : //t.co/inVzUlMY1c
While Labour argues about their position on Brexit , we are getting on with delivering a successful Brexit deal that works for everyone . https : //t.co/XETpS13eRu
RT @ theresa_may : This is how we will use Brexit to build a country that works for everyone , not just a privileged few .
https : //t.co/47EL60s…
We have announced a new shipbuilding strategy that will include 8 new frigates built in the UK . https : //t.co/ybBxILkNZQ
We are giving an extra £40 million to help boost the skills and life chances of young people living in disadvantaged areas . https : //t.co/LZucYJaoJ1
Absolute clarity ? ! While Labour just try & amp ; play politics , the Conservatives are working to get the best Brexit deal for everyone . https : //t.co/PfrWg2ecDd
RT @ theresa_may : Congratulations to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on the news that they are expecting their third child
We are investing £40m in our coastal communities . This will help create jobs & amp ; increase visitors , so our coastal towns & amp ; villages thrive . https : //t.co/vUMf90lXwB
RT @ theresa_may : Statement on the latest reckless and unacceptable action by North Korea : https : //t.co/S6B8RCnvsi
We are determined to build an education system that helps everyone go as far as their talents will take them . https : //t.co/IXbeSNTb3Z
We are consulting on changes that could halve the impact of roadworks . https : //t.co/NCEap1CKno
David Davis sets out our bold vision for Britain after Brexit . https : //t.co/5FJourk1YL
RT @ Number10gov : PM : `` I send my warmest wishes to Muslims around the world , and here in the UK , who are celebrating Eid al-Adha this week . `` …
Almost a million more households have the security of a pay cheque giving them the ability to provide for their families . https : //t.co/OKmEloaXus
RT @ theresa_may : My visit to Japan marks a great step forward in our shared vision of even deeper cooperation in the future . https : //t.co/W…
Brexit is the most important issue facing Britain , Labour do n't know what they want . https : //t.co/z5P7F5YOmp
We are providing an extra £160 million to support cell and gene research , life-saving vaccines and treatment centres . https : //t.co/309CE5knRK
Corporation tax , the facts : Supporting businesses grow with lower corporation tax rates leads to more money for public services https : //t.co/DkTDgbU5s8
Education , the facts : there are now 15,500 more teachers in our schools than there were in 2010. https : //t.co/9q8oMdycCm
Unemployment the Facts : Labour want to talk down our economy , the facts speak for themselves , 3 million more people are in Jobs since 2010 https : //t.co/2hji4WnTbM
Labour has lots of negative things to say about the NHS , but since Conservatives came to power in 2010 there are almost 11,800 more doctors https : //t.co/b4ZjIDxkXR
Good luck to all students who will be receiving their GCSE results today . We hope all your hard work has paid off ! https : //t.co/EIl5eInBCX
Good luck to all students who will be receiving their GCSE results tomorrow . We hope all your hard work has paid off !
Today , we have published a new policy paper which reinforces the message that after Brexit , the UK will take back control of its laws ; https : //t.co/GmngomdwZ6
Nurses , the facts : Since 2010 there are now over 12,500 more nurses on our wards . https : //t.co/MyDiKjKbAZ
We are providing certainty for British businesses and consumers , assuring that goods will be available in the UK and EU the day we leave . https : //t.co/AJHGb9JV7R
We are publishing a series of papers setting out our plan to deliver a successful Brexit that works for everyone . Labour don ’ t have a plan . https : //t.co/4rDa4H7DGY
Only the Conservative party has a clear plan for Brexit . We will publish more position papers this week . https : //t.co/c3wPlU4r8b
Great to see on the front page of @ Telegraph today that post-Brexit trade deals will make Britain and the world safer . https : //t.co/UxEw1faENX
University , the facts : young people from disadvantaged backgrounds are more likely to go to university than ever before . https : //t.co/r5AFQJ8NQd
RT @ theresa_may : We have lost a national treasure . Like millions of others , for years I watched Sir Bruce dance , sing , joke & amp ; laugh . He wil…
The Economy , the facts : the economy is now 15.2 % bigger than it was at the 2010 election . https : //t.co/YWZE4XGOF2
RT @ theresa_may : My statement on # Barcelona attack : https : //t.co/ncOIJ7heJV
Great news that after receiving their A-Levels today the proportion of young people on their way to higher education is at a record high . https : //t.co/oXKKYsEkHy
Conservatives will deliver additional support for thousands of teenagers to improve their mental health through @ NCS https : //t.co/HtvNJvrqlh
Good luck to all students who will be receiving A-Level results today . We hope all your hard work has paid off ! https : //t.co/75ysuCXsjb
Under this Conservative Government , more people are in work than ever before https : //t.co/ZPe9FYpocp
Under this Conservative Government , more people are in work than ever before https : //t.co/TlDbMpAcXh
Today we are setting out our position on addressing the unique circumstances of Northern Ireland as we leave the EU https : //t.co/gqywn1muA4
The Conservatives have a plan for Brexit and will make the most of the opportunities it brings . Labour still have no idea what they think https : //t.co/yzCyIPfCfg
Today , we are publishing the first in a series of papers on the new deep and special partnership the UK wants to build with the EU . https : //t.co/TwY0ZiS3xF
We will make our roads safer by allowing learner drivers to learn how to drive on the motorway . https : //t.co/4JTE2KSZIG
Corporation tax , the facts : Supporting businesses grow with lower corporation tax rates leads to more money for public services https : //t.co/SI0ys4db19
Today , the Environment Secretary will announce new plans to make CCTV mandatory in all slaughterhouses in England . https : //t.co/oyW1e5WNki
Fact Check : Jeremy Corbyn is yet again misleading the public on NHS funding . https : //t.co/C2gzHQaDKr
NHS Midwives , the facts : Labour are scaremongering on maternity care , there are over 2000 more NHS midwives than when we entered government https : //t.co/xki5p1WTZy
We will continue support companies to make their systems safer from cyber attacks and introduce powers to punish companies who do n't . https : //t.co/YXVgNQzJsz
Why wo n't Jeremy Corbyn condemn the actions of Venezuelan President Maduro who regards him as a 'friend ' and socialist ally ? https : //t.co/TcE8QUTF8L
Jeremy Corbyn STILL refuses to condemn President Maduro 's actions in Venezuela . https : //t.co/oK9VY0XRIf
RT @ WelshConserv : `` Welsh public 's £2m Trade Union tab '' & gt ; You can read @ AndrewRTDavies column for @ thesundaytimes here : https : //t.co/5Sxm4hp…
Unemployment , the facts : Since 2010 unemployment has fallen by 3.5 % and is now at its lowest level since 1975. https : //t.co/WPk0d52tqM
The NHS has been ranked the best health service across 11 developed countries . We are working to invest in and improve our health service . https : //t.co/ywql7fO26O
Unlike Labour , this government doesn ’ t hide taxes in the small print , it backs small businesses . https : //t.co/DuN5nPaZtV
Corbyn won ’ t condemn what is happening in Venezuela . Why ? Because he supports the Socialist policies that have caused the economic chaos . https : //t.co/38DZN9rfGY
When the Conservatives say we want to help small businesses , you won ’ t find anything buried in the footnotes https : //t.co/6OasISrchl
Climate change , the facts : the UK has been the most successful G7 nation at reducing greenhouse gasses https : //t.co/vx3w6ILfUz
We want to end practices of terrorists hiding or communicating in secret online & amp ; plan to take a stand internationally to make this happen . https : //t.co/EKF2EuaYoJ
RT @ theresa_may : It was an honour to mark the centenary of the Battle of Passchendaele today . https : //t.co/dfOB2tpfOq
We want people with mental health conditions to receive better treatment , so we plan to recruit 21,000 more mental health workers by 2021 https : //t.co/aSmCgjdJiw
We want people with mental health conditions to receive better treatment , so we plan to recruit 21,000 more mental health workers by 2021 https : //t.co/MAwPAsrjOx
Today we have announced £200m funding for rural businesses which will help generate thousands of new jobs https : //t.co/OZ7E2DAh5w
Under Labour 's plans , there would be £14,328 more debt for every working household https : //t.co/Z1Edw38SGV
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : The # CostOfCorbyn is too great - his plans would mean more debt . If interest rates skyrocket , hardworking families woul…
RT @ WelshConserv : Welsh Labour Government is presiding over “ dangerous decline '' in teacher recruitment says @ DarrenMillarAM .

More : https : /…
RT @ carolinenokes : FREE , simple & amp ; painless heart screening provided by @ CRY_UK 8/10/17 in Eastleigh . You can book your space at https : //t.c…
Labour 's shopping list would cost £5.8bn in debt payments every year - enough to pay 56,000 teachers 65,000 nurses & amp ; 53,000 police officers https : //t.co/jB8duD1lL9
New analysis : Labour would cost £5.8 billion per year . That ’ s the same as paying 65,000 nurses , 56,000 teachers and 53,000 police officers . https : //t.co/KzrpfrVOhq
The Economy , the facts : the economy is now 15.2 % bigger than it was at the 2010 election . https : //t.co/xRsKV8tpO3
NHS funding , the facts : We have protected and increased the health budget and it will continue to rise . https : //t.co/jXvCyoKM1Q
@ jeremycorbyn wo n't admit it but everyone know 's he promised to 'deal with ' student debt and his team campaigned on it . https : //t.co/IajYEjdArL
Unemployment , the facts : Since 2010 unemployment has fallen by 3.5 % and is now at its lowest level since 1975. https : //t.co/kXC1g1CBHk
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ sajidjavid : `` Too many new houses built today are sold as leaseholds . It ’ s an extortion racket . Enough is enough '' https : //t…
Promise broken : Corbyn u-turns on abolishing student debt pledge to NME magazine during the election campaign . Yet another Corbyn shambles . https : //t.co/xf0dqPtdhY
Promise broken : Corbyn u-turns on abolishing student debt pledge to NME magazine during the election campaign . Yet another Corbyn shambles . https : //t.co/RTFXNibr6k
We ’ re spending 2 % of GDP on defence , meeting our NATO commitment & amp ; giving Armed Forces the support they need to keep us safe . Retweet now . https : //t.co/JjygQ4hNlC
RT @ DefraGovUK : `` I have set out what I believe is a deliberately ambitious agenda today because I believe the times demand it '' @ michaelgove…
Corbyn wrong again on school funding , £1.3billion boost for core school funding announced by @ JustineGreening this week . # labourfactcheck https : //t.co/CwYsIG1jgq
Last night , Diane Abbott once again could not explain how Labour would fund any extra police officers . https : //t.co/ECeZIXzp1L
Nearly two million more pupils are in good or outstanding schools since 2010 . We ’ re protecting schools funding and backing young people . https : //t.co/frGr8Wysbi
RT @ MattHancock : Hugely welcome gov stats today show tax relief giving huge boosts to UK creative inds. , w/ £480m for high-end TV . https : //…
RT @ heidiallen75 : Home Secretary announces £1 million to help communities support refugees https : //t.co/cuQOGI9ndB Thank you @ AmberRuddHR
RT @ andy4wm : Thank you for the invitation ! https : //t.co/4FYF18b8E2
Angela Rayner is in charge of Labour ’ s Policy on student debt - she accepts it as Labour policy on 9th July then denies it to the HoC https : //t.co/XrMPfWJXko
RT @ theresa_may : The Conservatives are leading Britain forward : 3m more jobs , income tax cut for over 30m , inequality down and the deficit…
The Government has announced that we are banning unfair credit and debit card fees . Rip-off charges have no place in a modern Britain . https : //t.co/KFQvHvVKsB
Nearly 2 million of the lowest paid workers have the security of a decent pay packet because of our national living wage . Retweet now https : //t.co/KRiW13lS7R
Promise broken : Confirmed , Labour 's promise to wipe student debt was just an ambition . https : //t.co/Sat5RZwTHk
Promise broken : Confirmed , Labour 's promise to wipe student debt was just an ambition . RETWEET https : //t.co/lezVBrhyGZ
Justine Greening , has announced today that more money will be made available for Schools . RETWEET NOW https : //t.co/1bkp86T55J
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : It has n't taken long for Labour 's lies to unravel . Corbyn and Carwyn may promise the world - but they simply ca n't be t…
Promise broken : John McDonnell just let slip that Labour 's commitment to wipe student debt was just an ambition . Retweet https : //t.co/dtlAoKFjVQ
New independent report ranks our NHS as number 1 health system out of 11 leading countries . All credit to our hard-working nurses & amp ; doctors https : //t.co/XJ40JXaqMZ
Today we published the Repeal Bill , giving Britain certainty as we leave the EU . Let ’ s now work together to shape our country ’ s future . https : //t.co/mTXp7w30Rs
We ’ ve improved standards in our schools since 2010 by protecting the school budget and strengthening the curriculum . https : //t.co/lThdEhBUNo
RT @ LGBTCons : It 's # PrideinLondon today . PM @ theresa_may says that # Pride is about one simple thing : LOVE ! # lovehappenshere https : //t.co/Gb…
RT @ LGBTCons : Our patron and Women & amp ; Equalities Minister @ JustineGreening on why we celebrate # Pride . # lovehappenshere https : //t.co/Bw036N1…
RT @ LGBTCons : A message from Development Secretary @ patel4witham for # PrideinLondon on @ DFID_UK 's work to ensure that # LGBT rights are resp…
RT @ LGBTCons : Our patron and Minister for Equalities @ NickGibbUK has shared a message ahead of tomorrow 's # PrideinLondon . https : //t.co/Lc6J…
We 're investing £65 million in technical education to give young people the best possible start in life . https : //t.co/5plHpgD02i https : //t.co/vlbmOWAiAG
Investing in Britain ’ s future with £6.1 billion in road improvements to drive economic growth across the UK . https : //t.co/Yj8VceK2NQ
RT @ MattHancock : Excellent from the Prime Minister at PMQs on the record number of jobs - and how a strong economy underpins strong public…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : We 've seen records numbers in employment , nearly 3m more people in work ... that 's the record of good management of the e…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : I understand it has been hard and people have made sacrifices over the years we have been dealing with Labs mistakes on t…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : I & amp ; all members of this House value the work done by the public sector # PMQs
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : . @ ONS shows our productivity challenge . That 's why we 're investing in # infrastructure and skills to build a dynamic ec…
The difference between what men and women in the UK earn is now the lowest it ’ s ever been . Together let ’ s make it equal in a generation . https : //t.co/hQ8HvVVMqK
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : ... There was no party who won an overall majority at the GE . The only party that can form an effective Govt is this one…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : ... As a result of the Autumn Statement.£800m extra is going to Scotland , as a result of the Budget £350m is going to Scot…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : We are going to leave the EU , that 's what people wanted and that 's what we will deliver # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : This issue has been developing for decades , under govts & amp ; councils of both colours . We should come together and get answ…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : The cladding of tower blocks did not start under this govt , or the coalition govt , it began under the Blair Govt # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : A terrible tragedy took place ... we need to look at what has happened over decades in this country and that is what we wi…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : We need to look at why under different govts & amp ; councils material 's been put up that 's non-compliant with building regula…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : We want to ensure that the process for the inquiry has involvement from survivors & amp ; the families concerned # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : Almost £1.25m has been given to the families of Grenfell so far , and 282 temporary properties have been identified # PMQs
RT @ CCHQPress : PM : We 've protected counter-terrorism , we 've put money into uplift armed policing . The MET have said they 're well resourced…
A Confidence & amp ; Supply Agreement has been made between the Conservatives & amp ; the Democratic Unionist Party . Statement : https : //t.co/5DBit9rIIV
RT @ theresa_may : I send my warmest good wishes to Muslims in the UK and around the world celebrating the festival of Eid al-Fitr . https : //t…
As we leave the EU , we will be able to expand trade with countries around the world , with a new Trade Bill and a Customs Bill . # QueensSpeech https : //t.co/uL87C1Pg4f
RT @ theresa_may : It is our job to show we are listening and that we will stand up for the people of Grenfell Tower . My full statement https…
As we leave the EU , a new Immigration Bill and a new Fisheries Bill will give us more control over our borders and our waters . # QueensSpeech https : //t.co/45MQJY8z6m
As we leave the EU , we will provide certainty for families and businesses , with a new Repeal Bill . # QueensSpeech https : //t.co/DgCejn5MNr
This # QueensSpeech is about recognising & amp ; grasping the opportunities that lie ahead for the UK as we leave the EU . https : //t.co/zEbb5u7Li7 https : //t.co/ggqSVnZuzV
The first official talks to leave the EU start today : We will grasp the opportunities that lie ahead for Britain as we leave the EU . https : //t.co/drKq8K3DBD
RT @ theresa_may : London is diverse , welcoming , vibrant and compassionate . These are the values that define us . These are the values that wi…
RT @ theresa_may : I can confirm that emergency funding has been made available to assist with the response to the Grenfell Tower fire : https…
RT @ theresa_may : Right now people want answers and that 's why I am today ordering a full public inquiry into this disaster . https : //t.co/XT…
RT @ theresa_may : I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life at Grenfell Tower . My thoughts are with all those affected and the emergen…
Thank you for your incredible support and hard work over the last few weeks : https : //t.co/5z5aLFNbQy
Thank you to everyone who voted Conservative today . https : //t.co/JgWPbDRGO4
Only 15 minutes left to # VoteConservative for a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government and the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/pyySHZKKPk
RT @ DKShrewsbury : My sincere thanks to all the very hard working and dedicated members of Shrewsbury Conservatives during this campaign htt…
RT @ Michael_Ellis1 : Huge thanks to everyone in the Northampton North Conservatives team for their superb hard work & amp ; support . # TeamEllis ht…
RT @ DavidMundellDCT : Whatever happens I 've really enjoyed this # GE17 campaign . Thanks to my Team here in DCT and everyone else who has help…
Polls close at 10pm , so # VoteConservative now for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and a brighter future ! https : //t.co/q0fzsbyjkH
RT @ marcuslapsa : Seems like a lifetime ago when Maggie helped me vote for @ MichelleLowe14 this morning . Thanks to all that helped esp @ warw…
RT @ marcuslapsa : Even more help throughout the day @ warwicktories @ andy4wm campaigning @ MichelleLowe14 @ ReshamKotecha @ TJMayer1 good feelin…
RT @ andrealeadsom : Not a minute too soon ! Been a busy day but just been to the polling station to # VoteConservative2017 ! https : //t.co/I9MX…
RT @ CllrAlice : Some of @ nicolablackwood campaign team including @ edvaizey @ Charlotte_D67 # Vote2017 # VoteConservative2017 https : //t.co/GQt4…
To get the best Brexit deal and a stronger Britain , # VoteConservative . Polls close at 10pm https : //t.co/76Wx5MM5lJ
RT @ GregHands : Great team out late in Sands End for me and @ jackienborland - # VoteConservative before 10pm ! https : //t.co/59hQoEh8yt
RT @ nadhimzahawi : Just under one hour left ! Get out and vote for the @ Conservatives to secure this country 's future https : //t.co/MBSy0CQpZp
RT @ HenrySmithUK : Through Brexit we can create a new global Britain and better society at home . Vote @ Conservatives this evening . https : //t…
RT @ MaryRobinson01 : Polls close at 10.00pm . Have your say , get out and # VoteConservative https : //t.co/PFHFMFW2UT
RT @ MatthewEllis : Stunning evening beautiful village of # NortonGreen . Helping our superb @ Conservatives candidate for # StokeNorth @ benpolit…
RT @ WillGoodhand4MP : Before I Go watch the drama on TV , it 's GOTV ! Big push 4 @ Lindsey4WNorth in final sprint to finish @ conservatives htt…
RT @ willquince : Just over an hour to go until the Polls close for # GE2017 - it 's not too late , you have until 10pm # Colchester https : //t.co…
RT @ HenrySmithUK : # Crawley # GE2017 polls close in one hour - Vote @ Conservatives to secure Britain 's future . https : //t.co/VTsKvvOMlB
RT @ EricPickles : JUST ONE HOUR TO GO : the polls close at 10 o'clock . Do n't leave it to others to vote and end up with Corbyn and the coalit…
ONLY ONE HOUR LEFT to vote for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal & amp ; secure a brighter future . # VoteConservative before polls close at 10 https : //t.co/xHXKGNzVu2
RT @ sarahwollaston : Thank you to the amazing teams at polling stations all across the UK today . Do n't miss yr opportunity to have a say & amp ; b…
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative today - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/1P7ux1Lu2m
RT @ ben4ipswich : Great reception in # Gainsborough with crack campaigning team # IpswichRising https : //t.co/oxmegTVepa
Have your say : Get out and # VoteConservative ! Polls close at 10pm https : //t.co/qk12glGqTN
RETWEET to support Theresa May and strong , stable leadership in the national interest . # VoteConservative today . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/grkPwclKty
Just 2 hours left to back @ theresa_may & amp ; her team to get the best Brexit deal for you & amp ; your family . Make sure you # VoteConservative by 10pm https : //t.co/WJKz245Pnj
RT @ David_Cameron : This morning I voted for the @ Conservatives – do remember to vote today ! # VoteConservative # GE2017 https : //t.co/QKEZjA…
For a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister # VoteConservative . Polls are open until 10pm . Every vote counts https : //t.co/X4KnSumqBH
RT @ GregHands : Top Tory knock up team here in Ealing for @ joymorrissey with John Godfrey and James Kent from @ Conservatives Policy Unit ! # V…
Every vote counts to strengthen Theresa May 's hand in the Brexit negotiations . Polls are open until 10pm . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/i6tdIgAngJ
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm https : //t.co/kwl8foYHmP
Polls close in just 3 hours . Make sure you # VoteConservative to get the best Brexit deal and secure a brighter future . # GE2017 https : //t.co/SSmE5Q3dDC
RETWEET to show you back Theresa May to get the best Brexit deal & amp ; secure a brighter future . Polls are open until 10pm . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/Cd9Hc4WXB8
RT @ WalkerWorcester : Fantastic team out knocking up in Claines this pm & amp ; an amazing turnout @ Worcester_Tory @ ClainesTories @ AndyDStafford h…
For a strong economy and to build a brighter future , # VoteConservative . Polls close at 10pm https : //t.co/OwKTLj2Akt
RT @ LiamFox : It may be raining but it is worth it for @ CharlotteLeslie . Getting Out The # Vote2017 in # BristolNorthWest . https : //t.co/9at9Gj…
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : Positive session out in Cardiff North helping @ Craig4CardiffN . All the best for today Craig ! https : //t.co/9GlBv0AdIR
# VoteConservative for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/PMEvMNbmRy
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Great group out today - thanks for all the enthusiasm and help ! https : //t.co/gkQkxXNVbv
RT @ EricPickles : IT IS 6 O'CLOCK : On your way home it only takes a moment to vote for our country 's future https : //t.co/WFlndlCDYg
RT @ JamesDuddridge : 4 Hours left to # votejames # voteconservative # GE2017
RT @ MariaMillerUK : Lots of positive feedback at Chineham-4 hours to vote Polls close at 10pm # GE2017 https : //t.co/wGQ9cEDr4d
RT @ CharlesTannock : Being interviewed on election day by Irish media reflecting on campaign & amp ; why # GE2017 Tories will emerge victorious ton…
Just 4 hours left to # VoteConservative ! Polls close at 10pm https : //t.co/CvD4Aomp91
RT @ davidmassor : Go @ HannahDavid_HW ! ! You 'll make a great MP for Harrow West !
RT @ mattwarman : A special guest joins the Boston and Skegness constituency tour https : //t.co/43EDU5RVSK
RT @ ErdingtonTories : Great to have our Mayor @ andy4wm helping knocking up to # turnerdingtonblue # Erdington # Kingstanding https : //t.co/oACRL…
RT @ LeicesterCons : The # backJack campaign in Leicester West , has been possible thanks to the help of so many @ Conservatives activists . Than…
RT @ JohnnyMercerUK : Four hours left to get down to the polling station if you have n't already . Please go and vote . I love Plymouth , and I w…
RT @ JulieMarson : Thank you to everyone who helped out in this election campaign . Still a few hours left till polls close . Make sure to # Vot…
RT @ SuellaFernandes : Team Fareham @ Conservatives in Southampton Test for the excellent @ pauljholmes . # VoteConservative # GE2017 https : //t.co…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Superb response for @ James4NNorfolk in Stalham today . People backing @ theresa_may plan for Brexit . # VoteConservative # GE2…
RT @ GregHands : Thanks Manish - and great video too ! https : //t.co/keSTGC3Z8h
Did you # VoteConservative ? RETWEET to show your support . Polls are open until 10pm https : //t.co/MrmraUAvhX
RT @ ben4ipswich : Terrific support from @ ICA_Suffolk , volunteers , friends & amp ; family - just a few hours left . Let 's get out the VOTE ! # GE2017…
RT @ DamianGreen : So grateful to the Ashford Conservative team working hard on home ground and helping @ AmberRuddHR in Rye .
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government and the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/kaOZbPuxJ3
RT @ AdamDWordsworth : Great day meeting the voters of Alyn & amp ; Deeside . Brilliant support for @ lauraknightly -we do n't mind the rain because w…
RT @ JoJohnsonUK : Gunner getting out the vote in St Mary Cray https : //t.co/g1y1Pjixgj
RT @ PrettyTory : Bit of rain does n't stop campaigners knocking on doors , thank you for supporting @ SquireCaroline today # GE2017 already vote…
RT @ MaryRobinson01 : # VoteConservative TODAY for a strong economy , strong leadership , and stable government to keep our nation secure and pr…
RT @ tariqahmadbt : Delighted to join a great team effort by @ ConservativeFOP in Brentford & amp ; Isleworth for @ MaryMacleodUK @ Conservatives @ the…
RT @ SWNCA : @ trussliz & amp ; Sir Henry Bellingham along with local @ Conservatives have been supporting @ James4NNorfolk this afternoon # GE2017 htt…
# VoteConservative today for Theresa May as Prime Minister . https : //t.co/caH442HZxC
RT @ MarkIsherwoodAM : I ’ m voting Conservative today : for a stronger Britain and a brighter future # GE2017 # VoteConservative
https : //t.co/o7N…
RT @ GregHands : Great @ KCFConservative team out here in Brentford , working for our friend @ MaryMacleodUK 's victory tonight ! # VoteConservativ…
RT @ GuyOpperman : # TeamHexham keep going despite the rain
# ifitsnotraininingitsnotcampaigning https : //t.co/gu4DTb4Kh1
RT @ Simon4Belgrave : Campaigning in the rain for @ ChrisPincher @ tcatory while my colleague stands under a brolley https : //t.co/c84HPW3wEY
Polls are open until 10pm . # VoteConservative today for a strong economy . https : //t.co/NkeRj21zqS
RT @ BrandonLewis : I 've just voted : Great Yarmouth . Polls open until 10pm . # VoteConservative # GE2017 @ Conservatives
RT @ ScotTories : Today 's election is the last chance we ’ ll have to stop Nicola Sturgeon in her tracks . Vote @ ScotTories and say no to # indyr…
RT @ GregHands : Three candidates together in Brentford . With the brilliant @ MaryMacleodUK and @ gregsmith_uk # VoteConservative https : //t.co/G…
# VoteConservative today for the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/SHvurVDzy1
RT @ claire_pearsall : Supporting @ pauljholmes in # SouthamptonTest # GE2017 https : //t.co/AwUYW4jhyG
RT @ nicolablackwood : It may be raining here in # Oxford but I 've # VoteConservative - have you ? Polls are open until 10pm . Make sure your voi…
RT @ PennyMordaunt : Please remember to # VoteConservative today to keep Portsmouth 's economy & amp ; services strong , and the City 's regeneration…
RT @ sajidjavid : Wherever you are in the UK , four great reasons to pop down to your local polling station and vote @ Conservatives before 10p…
# VoteConservative today for the best Brexit deal for Britain . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/AHV19oaunx
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative today - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/C59yYTKBpC
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Nine hours in and the team 's still smiling ... Catching up with @ IainMcGill in Edinburgh N & amp ; L # GE2017 https : //t.co/b0a5L…
RT @ danielbausor : Just going to the vote with @ margot4stour & amp ; @ TCJ_Reynolds in Stourbridge Go Margot ! https : //t.co/PKzUEPsiLA
RT @ WestMidsCWO : # ladiesthatleaflet all year round , # blueLadies out today for @ SquireCaroline @ cwowomen winning on the door step ! # GE2017 # …
RT @ benpolitics : View of the campaign . Sunshine , trees , houses and hills from Bank Hall Road today , superb . Vote @ SoTConservative https : //t…
RT @ DanWatkins : Fantastic to have friends from Denmark helping the # Dan4Tooting campaign . Keen to have me as an MP supporting an EU trade d…
RT @ PrettyTory : Great knock up this morning session , seeing some adorable @ CanvassingCats kissing @ theresa_may for @ SquireCaroline # GE2017…
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/8FM1tbilLm
RT @ ben4bath : Let 's give Theresa May a strong mandate for the # Brexit negotiations that start later this month . # VoteConservative https : //t…
RT @ NickCraker : I ’ m voting Conservative today : for a stronger Britain and a brighter future # GE2017 # VoteConservative
https : //t.co/1PMWxXMG…
For a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister # VoteConservative today . Every vote counts . # GE2017 https : //t.co/1UbkCJWcUT
RT @ NicolasClark : Out campaigning in # Richmond again with the man who is the best candidate for the constituents of RPNK @ ZacGoldsmith - ba…
RT @ Edward4East : Back in # Belgrave , Leicester East ! Very grateful that so many people have already voted for @ LeicesterCons ! Thank you ! # Ed…
# VoteConservative today to support Theresa May and her team to get the best Brexit deal for Britain . Polls are open until 10pm https : //t.co/wAseGMnkLE
# VoteConservative TODAY for a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; amp ; the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm https : //t.co/HnVktQ0zTg
To get the best Brexit deal and build a stronger Britain , # VoteConservative today . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/2NyRM37W7l
RT @ DavidTCDavies : Today is the day ! It 's been an honour to serve as MP 4 # Monmouth . I 'm standing today for re-election . Thx to everyone wh…
RT @ AlanMakHavant : Strong support for # Havant @ Conservatives locally & amp ; our neighbour @ FlickD ! Working hard to earn every vote # GE2017 https…
RT @ MariaMillerUK : Bracing day in Brighton Hill South ! Thank you to everyone who has voted # GE2017 # maria4basingstoke https : //t.co/4IBptrxw…
RT @ edvaizey : Out and about # pollingday # wantage & amp ; didcot https : //t.co/pZeIy3WQKy
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : Out in the rain to support @ AlunCairns . Best of luck for today . Every vote counts ! https : //t.co/Kx42EkZ9C1
RT @ GregHands : Arrived in Gunnersbury to help @ MaryMacleodUK . In Tory HQ with @ jennystoker about to go out & amp ; get out the vote ! # VoteConserv…
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/6YpnO3GFAv
# VoteConservative today for a stronger Britain and the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/T9kOhUGh1q
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Got ta love knocking up in the rain ... . I think I 've grown gills ! https : //t.co/oYl79x6k3x
RT @ andrealeadsom : Only Theresa May can get started with the EU on day 1 of the negotiations : https : //t.co/gbpDAktPTf
Have your say . Get out and # VoteConservative ! Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/R556BzygTQ
RT @ BrandonLewis : Good to be able to support @ James4NNorfolk in North Norfolk this morning with @ ConservativesGY # GE2017 # VoteConservative…
RT @ RobertJenrick : We 've voted ! Thanks to Mrs J for supporting me through 3 elections in 3 years . That 's love . https : //t.co/UvRDKKbyHF
RETWEET to show you ’ re backing Theresa May and her Conservative team today . # VoteConservative - polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/m4cI9bxHQ1
RT @ WindsorTories : Inclement weather for # GOTV but a genuinely great reception from voters for @ MarkVivis # TeamSlough # GeneralElection # GE…
RT @ CllrGaryRidley : Good luck today , my dad lives in # Heacham I know the area very well and I 'm looking out for good results in # Norfolk @ …
For a strong economy , we have to get Brexit right . # VoteConservative today to back Theresa May ’ s Plan for Brexit . https : //t.co/rZ3DkABMyX
RT @ JohnGlenUK : Just cast my vote in this important # GeneralElection . Let 's give the PM the mandate she needs to deliver the best deal for…
RT @ HuwMerriman : Your vote matters more than ever before in # Bexhill # Battle constituency # GE2017 # conservative https : //t.co/ONJhydT0iA
RT @ IanDuncanMEP : At the town hall in Alyth . Happy @ ScotTories . Long day in prospect but even rain not dampening spirits . # PerthNorthPerths…
For a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister # VoteConservative today . Every vote counts . # GE2017 https : //t.co/PhCNx3zQyd
Only Theresa May and her Conservative team can get the best Brexit deal for Britain . # VoteConservative today - polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/lf2YZ6umpo
RT @ CllrNickCook : # TeamRuth out in the rain for the only candidate who can beat the SNP in Edinburgh South West - @ MilesBriggsMSP https : //t…
RT @ SuriaPhotay : Good luck to the fantastic Conservative candidates across the country ! # strongandstable
RT @ joymorrissey : Quick breakfast stop at @ fragola_cafe on # Acton High Street . # ge2017 # Joy4EalingActon https : //t.co/BSEN7FSAse
RETWEET to show you 're backing Theresa May to get the best Brexit deal - and secure a brighter future . # VoteConservative today . https : //t.co/pSIpa81LHc
RT @ GregHands : Great to see old friend and @ conservatives supporter Teo Catino here at @ ilpagliaccio restaurant , Wandsworth Bridge Road . # V…
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy and to build a brighter future for Britain . Polls are open until 10pm - every vote counts ! https : //t.co/4tPGj5FUJo
RT @ cllrmorla : Vote for Iain Stewart as MP # VoteConservative https : //t.co/jWE7via6jJ
RT @ VictoriaPrentis : Enjoying a whistle stop tour of polling stations in # NorthOxon . Do n't worry , I only voted once ! Make sure to # VoteCons…
RT @ tom_mclaren74 : Knock knock , please vote ! # VoteConservative https : //t.co/n5At4XYXSs
RT @ ben4bath : Take the chance to get out and vote on your lunch break . Lets put a strong leader in No.10 ! # VoteConservative
RT @ backborwick : Vote for a stronger Britain . Vote Conservative today # GE2017 # VoteConservative # victoriaborwick # back borwick https : //t.co…
RT @ ZacGoldsmith : Today is the most important election I 've voted in and our community will decide who becomes Prime Minister tomorrow . Don…
If we get Brexit right , we can build a brighter future . # VoteConservative TODAY for a strong economy and the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/Dzjgoo23dN
RT @ Byron_Davies : Polling day is upon us . Vote today for the best Brexit deal for you and your family and a brighter future for Gower . # Fro…
RT @ LiamFox : Proud to # vote for the # Conservative Party led by @ theresa_may # GE2017 # Vote2017 # VoteConservative https : //t.co/vim0HuFtZp
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and a brighter future for Britain . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/TuoG9NHFgJ
RT @ JamesDuddridge : I 'm out and about on the mic spreading the word - vote @ Conservatives today to avoid the coalition of chaos under Jerem…
RT @ HenrySmithUK : Vote @ Conservatives @ Better4Crawley in # Crawley # GE2017 https : //t.co/uRPJx0ZVRm
RT @ AndrewRosindell : Thanks to the ppl of # Romford for the kind support . This election is a major crossroads so make sure you get out to vo…
RT @ sajidjavid : https : //t.co/I2v4BerckR
RETWEET to support Theresa May and strong , stable leadership in the national interest . # VoteConservative TODAY . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/0lD5olfjvc
RT @ JamesCleverly : Team # Braintree ready for the next phase of polling day . Off to # Halstead later , then the lovely North Essex villages . # …
# VoteConservative today for the best Brexit deal and a stronger Britain . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/j4KkbOSpd6
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Team Davidson voting in Edinburgh this morning . Wilson 's # dogsatpollingstations debut ... https : //t.co/QdM4cAmMMj
RT @ AmandeepBhogal : # VoteConservative for @ ZacGoldsmith to be Richmond 's # StrongAndStable voice in Parliament and deliver for a brighter fu…
# VoteConservative TODAY for a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm https : //t.co/d5Rr5vdN3u
RT @ patel4witham : Best wishes to all @ Conservative candidates today . Polls open till 10pm # VoteConservative for a stronger Britain # GE2017…
RT @ ben4bath : Thanks to all my team who have supported me the last 6 weeks . We 'll be out all day encouraging you to get out and vote for me…
RT @ CllrAshDavies : Great to cast my vote for Philip Hollobone and the @ Conservatives today . Do n't forget to # VoteConservative ! https : //t.co…
RT @ vickyford : My polling station is an ice rink -- - not many people get to say that ! # Chelmsford # GE2017 💙 https : //t.co/87AS30duze
RT @ theresa_may : Cast my vote with Philip and going to catch up with our campaign locally . Every vote counts - so please # VoteConservative…
RT @ JasonMcCartney : Have just voted in my home village of # Honley - thank you for all the wonderful messages of support # TeamJason # VoteCon…
RT @ DamianHinds : Record employment , record female employment , record vacancy opportunities . Vote @ Conservatives today to continue with a s…
RT @ ScotTories : Make sure you send the SNP a message by voting @ ScotTories at this election – and we can all move on , together .

# GE2017 ht…
RT @ JustineGreening : Today 's the day - do n't forget to vote ! Polls close at 10pm # iVoted # GeneralElection2017 # VoteConservative https : //…
Did you # VoteConservative ? RETWEET to show your support for Theresa May . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/h9RGfA6T9R
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/qrWounXVmO
RT @ carolinenokes : Fabulous to see beautiful example of # dogsatpollingstations in Barton Stacey this am ! https : //t.co/PKzGfghcgd
RT @ andreajenkyns : Clifford and Mummy ready to hit the campaign trail today . Good luck all # Conservatives https : //t.co/3iBeFARyfu
# VoteConservative today to secure the best Brexit deal and build a stronger Britain . Polls are open until 10pm https : //t.co/gXufL27MoN
RT @ andrealeadsom : Back @ Theresa_May and the @ Conservatives to get the best Brexit deal for your family https : //t.co/dwhXLd9QI3
RT @ alexburghart : Ingatestone Catholic Church - thank you Eric ! https : //t.co/mvDVnK5IBD
RT @ S_Hammond : Jasper winning over voters in Wimbledon Park and enjoying his fourth General Election day https : //t.co/j5v60VnJao
RT @ AndrewRTDavies : Great start to the day with Chris Davies and Liz ! Wishing Chris and his team every success today . Cast your vote @ BandR…
Every vote counts to strengthen Theresa May 's hand in the Brexit negotiations . Polls are open until 10pm . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/hWVwEc8gOW
RT @ EricPickles : It 's 10 o'clock : the early rush for voting will be over , now would be a good time to vote at your polling station when it'…
RT @ patel4witham : A MEGA THANK YOU to the wonderful team @ WithamConservatives who have supported me locally this election # VoteConservative…
RT @ fincarson : Too wet to get picture outside polling station ! 3 generations voting at Borgue ! https : //t.co/0zX23v7t6R
Polls are open until 10pm . RETWEET to show you 're supporting a stronger Britain # VoteConservative # GE2017 https : //t.co/oygNWXg84c
RT @ DavidMundellDCT : Voting with @ olivermundell inMoffat this morning . Only a vote for @ ScotTories can stop @ NicolaSturgeon 's # indyref2 htt…
RT @ BackBarwell : Polls open for # GE2017 ! Been an honour to represent my home for the last 7 years . There 's still more to do . # BackBarwell20…
RT @ CCHQPress : Theresa May has just voted . Have you ? Vote @ Conservatives today to ensure we see Brexit through and keep our nation secure a…
# VoteConservative today for a Prime Minister who will get the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/uRr9bkBgu3
RETWEET to show your support for Theresa May and strong , stable leadership in the national interest . # VoteConservative TODAY . https : //t.co/mSrF06q1RJ
Every vote for the Conservatives today will strengthen Theresa May 's hand in the Brexit negotiations that follow # VoteConservative # GE2017 https : //t.co/AAPD6KNk8p
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative TODAY - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/Z10JuOGXv9
RT @ DrPhillipLeeMP : It has been a privilege and pleasure to represent Bracknell , my local area . Hope to see you at a polling station . Pleas…
Only Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative TODAY to get the best deal for Britain . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/SIlrRKDW98
For a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister # VoteConservative today . Every vote counts . # GE2017 https : //t.co/4x556h1UyE
RT @ PompeyToryParty : # VoteConservative @ PennyMordaunt https : //t.co/cKULwgl5ec
RT @ spelmanc : Only the @ Conservatives & amp ; @ theresa_may offer the leadership Britain needs to see us through Brexit & amp ; beyond . # VoteConservativ…
# VoteConservative today for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal and Theresa May as Prime Minister . https : //t.co/4M0W6wD9Kx
RT @ andrealeadsom : South Northants is a beautiful place and I 've been proud to represent you for the last 7 years . I hope you 'll vote for m…
# VoteConservative TODAY for a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; the best Brexit deal . Polls are open until 10pm . https : //t.co/tCen6rDC1t
RT @ anna_firth : In Richmond Park only @ ZacGoldsmith & amp ; @ theresa_may will deliver a brighter future for whole 🇬🇧 # GE2017

Vote # Conservative # …
RT @ ScotTories : POLLS ARE NOW OPEN - vote @ ScotTories and send a message to the SNP that we do n't want # indyref2

# GE2017 https : //t.co/kyU3…
RT @ Simon4NDorset : Polls open until 10pm . I 'm asking for your support & amp ; vote today . Let me get on with my work serving ALL North Dorset htt…
On your way to work ? Drop by the polling station and # VoteConservative for a stronger Britain # GE2017 https : //t.co/vsjEhOO8qd
RT @ JGray : Vote @ Conservatives today to ensure we see # Brexit through & amp ; keep our nation secure & amp ; prosperous # VoteConservative https : //t.co/zclW…
RT @ scullyp : Polling day today . Polling stations open until 10pm tonight . Vote for me for real action for # Sutton and strong leadership for…
Are you standing with Theresa May ? RETWEET to show you 're backing Theresa May to get the best Brexit deal - and secure a brighter future . https : //t.co/o7nDylAt51
RT @ Jesse_Norman : Polling Day ! You can vote till 10 pm . I 've worked 24/7 , body and soul , for Herefordians for 7 years now . Please RT and gi…
RT @ David_Cameron : Very best of luck to all @ Conservatives candidates today – I remember how nerve-wracking election days can be ! # VoteCon…
RT @ theresa_may : If you believe in Britain and that our best days lie ahead , give me your backing to lead Britain : https : //t.co/UMLhONax0d
VOTE TODAY for Theresa May & amp ; her team to get the best Brexit deal for you and your family . Every vote will strengthen her negotiating hand https : //t.co/qXeSo0LEcj
If we get Brexit right , we can build a brighter future . # VoteConservative TODAY for a strong economy and the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/2jDjoL0159
Polls are open from 7am - 10pm today . RETWEET to show you ’ re backing Theresa May and her Conservative team today . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/GUkFHBwHXC
TM : We can not and must not pretend that things can continue as they are when it comes to Islamist extremism . These 4 things need to change : https : //t.co/8CGsNDEAqa
RT @ hackneyamyg : POLLING STATIONS ARE OPEN . You know what to do , # HackneyNorth : # VoteConservative !
RT @ MhancockUK : Polls are open . Please # VoteConservative for a brighter future , a strong economy , security , and the best Brexit deal https : …
RT @ AndrewSelous : Only by voting for Theresa May & amp ; me as her local candidate will ensure we see Brexit through & amp ; keep our nation secure & amp ; p…
RT @ mattwarman : The polls have just opened across Boston and Skegness . Follow this link to see why you should vote Conservative : https : //t.…
RT @ DanWatkins : Good morning ! It 's election day and I hope you can back me and my positive vision for # Tooting . # Dan4Tooting https : //t.co/d…
RT @ Lindsey4WNorth : POLLS ARE NOW OPEN !

Westminster North - Vote LINDSEY HALL @ Conservatives - for your voice represented inside governmen…
RT @ EricPickles : THE POLLS ARE OPEN : Good luck to all Conservative Candidates in # GE2017 In particular to @ alexburghart replacing me in Bre…
RT @ RossThomsonMSP : What a fantastic 5am dawn raid team ! Few more arrived a bit too late for the photo . This is our last chance to stop the…
RT @ ben4bath : Voting is now open ! Make sure you make it out to vote for me and the @ Conservatives in Bath today . # vote https : //t.co/mq8KZW6…
RT @ JamesDuddridge : It 's election day ! Polls are now open ! 7am-10pm do n't forget to # voteconservative # votejames # GE2017
RT @ ChorleyTories : Polling stations are now open to vote for Caroline Moon @ moon4chorley # Conservatives # Chorley
RT @ Halfon4Harlow : Polling stations are now open ! Make sure you pop by before they close at 10pm . Happy voting !
POLLS ARE OPEN : For a strong economy , we have to get Brexit right . # VoteConservative to back Theresa May ’ s Plan for Brexit . https : //t.co/AvFYDKyJpx
RT @ MhancockUK : West Suffolk out in force in Ipswich this morning supporting the brilliant @ ben4ipswich # VoteConservative https : //t.co/cIkQ…
RT @ dean_r : Polling stations open across country shortly . # VoteConservative in Luton South for strong local voice & amp ; strong national leaders…
RT @ Stephenson_Ryan : Polls open across # LeedsNorthEast at 7am . Please lend me your vote to secure strong leadership for our country and our…
RT @ AlecShelbrooke : Vote @ Conservatives today . Back me and @ theresa_may to get a good deal for # ElmetandRothwell . https : //t.co/MJXVeYBWaO
Thank you to all our volunteers and supporters working hard today to secure a stronger Britain # VoteConservative # GE2017 https : //t.co/JbANWHaPbL
Every vote counts today . Polls are open 7am-10pm . # VoteConservative for a strong economy , the best Brexit deal + a brighter future . # GE2017 https : //t.co/hT3gzB7tWL
Polls open in 30 minutes - only Theresa May and her Conservative team can get the best Brexit deal for Britain . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/R7kJyMGpmu
Every vote counts to keep our economy strong + secure the best Brexit deal . Polls open 7am – 10pm : vote Conservative for a stronger Britain . https : //t.co/nSvzaAa6QS
RT @ margot4stour : Great eve of poll rally with the PM and the Cabinet @ Conservatives pleased PM 's last rally was near Birmingham https : //t.…
Polls open at 7am - # VoteConservative for Theresa May as Prime Minister , delivering a brighter future for Britain . https : //t.co/1j0Cc9PHsn
RT to show you 're proud to be backing Theresa May tomorrow # GE2017 # Conservatives https : //t.co/kmvAcpf3Xa
# VoteConservative tomorrow for a strong economy and a Prime Minister who can get the best Brexit deal . Polls open at 7am . https : //t.co/7eBvD873cA
Polls open at 7am - # VoteConservative tomorrow for the best Brexit deal and a Prime Minister who can deliver a brighter future for Britain . https : //t.co/CczPwi5XiY
RT @ MattHartley100 : My team and I have knocked on more than 17,000 doors , & amp ; we 're now in the closing phase of the campaign . Here 's why I ne…
RT @ julianknight15 : Fantastic event just now at Solihull motorcycle museum in Meriden brilliant speech by @ theresa_may clear choice compete…
RT @ Caroline4Luton : Final push to secure a conservative majority make Brexit work for Luton North people are supporting @ theresa_may # Stron…
RT @ benpolitics : As in 2015 the highlight of this Stoke North campaign has been discussing politics on the doorstep . Friendliest people in…
RT @ sajidjavid : It 's been a privilege to serve as MP for # Bromsgrove for last 7 years . It would be an honour to serve you for another 5 . Vo…
RT @ AlanMakHavant : Great day campaigning with # Havant @ Conservatives locally and supporting neighbour @ FlickD # VoteConservative https : //t.c…
RT @ LeoDochertyUK : Whatever you do tomorrow - remember to vote ! @ AldershotCA @ Conservatives # GE2017 https : //t.co/t2EhZvjCm7
RT @ beckenhamtories : # TeamBeckenham out supporting @ BackBarwell with @ michaelgove supporting fellow @ Conservatives to ensure people # VoteCo…
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Final campaign stop of the day - lending a hand to @ stephenckerr in Stirling . A fab hardworking candidate & amp ; a tremendo…
RT @ andrealeadsom : Eve of Poll ! Going home from superb # TeamMay rally in # Birmingham . Vote # Conservative - support Theresa May to make suc…
RT @ RobertBuckland : Lots of support tonight and voters switching to # Conservatives - Labour Party members included . # VoteConservative # Gene…
TM : We can not and must not pretend that things can continue as they are when it comes to Islamist extremism . These 4 things need to change : https : //t.co/VUmZBN4GIs
Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative tomorrow to get the best Brexit deal for Britain . https : //t.co/aSvzvRIhNU
If we get Brexit right , we can build a brighter future . # VoteConservative tomorrow for a strong economy and the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/9tqSWoc2Fi
Vote for Theresa May and her team to get the best Brexit deal for you and your family . Every vote will strengthen her negotiating hand . https : //t.co/CtFEvmwVSx
RT @ theresa_may : Talking to staff at Dunelm in Nottingham about Brexit and the opportunities it can bring . I 'll get a Brexit deal to help b…
For a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government and the best Brexit deal , make sure you # VoteConservative tomorrow . https : //t.co/WKyuqn6i7P
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Out with @ IanDuncanMEP for the final push in Perth & amp ; N Perthshire . My word , he 'll make a great MP for this magnificent…
Are you standing with Theresa May ? RETWEET to show you 're backing Theresa May to get the best Brexit deal - and secure a brighter future . https : //t.co/uZVQQ2wiAa
RT @ Dunne4Ludlow : Final push for voters in Cleobury Mortimer this afternoon , with great group of local supporters keen to see TM for PM htt…
# VoteConservative tomorrow for a strong economy , strong leadership and the best Brexit deal . # GE2017 https : //t.co/3RjiHZBp7X
Theresa May is clear : she will take action to tackle extremism and terrorism - and do what is necessary to keep our country safe . https : //t.co/LW74TBw7lj
RT @ theresa_may : Back me and together we can make a success of Brexit and build a stronger Britain . Vote Conservative tomorrow . https : //t.c…
# VoteConservative tomorrow for a PM who has a plan for a stronger Britain that will help businesses create , more better-paid jobs . https : //t.co/UdWwHSOOfT
# VoteConservative tomorrow for a PM who will increase the NHS budget every year , helping families get the care they need . https : //t.co/iZANd9ubkg
# VoteConservative tomorrow for a PM who has a plan to cap rip-off energy tariffs & amp ; keep taxes low to help with the cost of living . https : //t.co/fsVo2Bpn7E
# VoteConservative tomorrow for a PM who will increase school funding every year and make sure every child gets a good school place . https : //t.co/lpnRIAyrbY
# VoteConservative tomorrow for a Prime Minister who will stand up for a more secure and united country . https : //t.co/YkmezFm8gq
# VoteConservative tomorrow to secure the best Brexit deal , protecting your family ’ s economic security . https : //t.co/FJ86nsZXmP
Make your plan to vote now . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations-Theresa May or Corbyn : https : //t.co/iahIychaLN https : //t.co/x4KHds01A0
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative tomorrow - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/bIUlFWTcPv
RT @ RoryStewartUK : Beautiful day again in Kendal with the @ James4WandL campaign and a positive response on the doorsteps https : //t.co/yUbwz…
RT @ Dunne4Ludlow : Strong support in Wrexham for Andrew Atkinson this morning https : //t.co/dMQL0O9wsi
# VoteConservative tomorrow for : a strong economy , strong leadership & amp ; the best Brexit deal . # GE2017 https : //t.co/GQDc3PmhMb
RT @ theresa_may : Great visit to Atherley Bowling club in Southampton on the last day of campaigning - every vote will count tomorrow . Next…
Thanks to everyone who has been working to secure strong & amp ; stable leadership . There 's still more to do ! GET INVOLVED https : //t.co/d5mkDVZkJC https : //t.co/dBdFBfoGbX
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Out canvassing for @ JamesBerryUK in Kingston and Surbiton , we need hardworking , dedicated candidates like him so # Vote…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : I 'm in Derby North with less than 20 hours until the polls open . Every vote counts to secure Britain 's future https : //t.…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Just finished one of the final canvassing sessions of the # GE2017 in # StLeonards - thanks for the support ! https : //t.co/N…
Your choice tomorrow : Theresa May standing up for a more secure & amp ; united Britain or Jeremy Corbyn , who can ’ t even unite his own party . https : //t.co/jFNw9NzGxT
# VoteConservative tomorrow to stop more debt , higher taxes and economic # chaos with Corbyn ’ s Labour . https : //t.co/Ab2VGV04Vu
ICYMI - the PM made clear that if human rights get in the way of tackling terrorism , we will change those laws to keep British people safe . https : //t.co/cq0z2fCOlj
Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative tomorrow for strong , stable leadership in the national interest . https : //t.co/jfT6CphFP5
RETWEET to show you ’ re backing Theresa May and her Conservative team tomorrow . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/cwAsc5wIlH
For a strong economy , we have to get Brexit right . # VoteConservative tomorrow to back Theresa May ’ s Plan for Brexit . https : //t.co/6P70bzlXSq
Only Theresa May and her Conservative team can get the best Brexit deal for Britain . # VoteConservative tomorrow . https : //t.co/APVLu1E55j
If we get Brexit right , we can build a brighter future . # VoteConservative tomorrow : https : //t.co/ejooxZvIMM
RT @ theresa_may : Early start to the day 's campaigning , talking to traders at Smithfield Market . I 'll keep our economy strong to help small…
RT @ PM4EastRen : 24 hours until the polls open and a massive day of campaigning is already underway in East Ren . Let 's bring it home ! # PM4Ea…
Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative tomorrow to get the best deal for Britain . https : //t.co/ye63tSIMNf
Make your plan to vote now . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations-Theresa May or Corbyn : https : //t.co/iahIychaLN https : //t.co/VCm2Kc09Vc
RT @ GregHands : Back in Fulham this morning , meeting commuters at Fulham Broadway from 7am . Come and join us ! # VoteConservative https : //t.co…
RT @ theresa_may : I 'm clear : if human rights laws get in the way of tackling extremism and terrorism , we will change those laws to keep Brit…
RT @ MaryRobinson01 : Battling the wind and rain this morning with @ sajidjavid in Gatley discussing issues like green belt , roads and traffic…
RT @ JSymesUK : Back in 🇬🇧 Time for some ☕️ and early morning delivery for @ DanWatkins in # Tooting Final push through the rain ☔️🌧 for the @ …
RT @ tariqahmadbt : Campaigning in # Slough with @ MarkVivis @ Conservatives @ theresa_may - Some great discussions with residents on # extremism…
RT @ HannahDavid_HW : Apart from the weather ! Great 2 days out talking to residents in # HarrowWest ! 2 days until polling day ! Make a plan to…
Brexit negotiations starting 11 days after the General Election - who do you want at the table for the UK ? # VoteConservative on Thursday . https : //t.co/L20vOVda1s
RT @ DavidEvennett : Good response at Bexleyheath station . Nobody wants a Labour Government !
RT @ GuyOpperman : A long + v wet day ! But a good response on the doorstep as we fight for every @ Conservatives vote
# whenitsrainingkeepcampa…
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative on Thursday-from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/XlugyNINIv
RT @ theresa_may : If we get Brexit right , we can do great things as a country . Vote for me and my team to deliver a brighter future for ever…
RT @ theresa_may : We can not and must not pretend that things can continue as they are when it comes to Islamist extremism . These 4 things ne…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Four constituencies today supporting our candidates and nice to end by meeting @ tony4ww and his West Wirral team . # Vo…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Rallying volunteers in the Midlands today . Just two days to go and every vote will count in securing Britain 's future ht…
RT @ fincarson : Vote @ Alister_Jack this Thursday & amp ; send Nicola Sturgeon a message she ca n't ignore . Only @ ScotTories can beat the SNP in D & amp ; G…
RT @ GavinWilliamson : Great to be out and about on the doorstep in # Perton . Looking forward to tonight 's ‘ Meet your Candidate ’ event at Pert…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Stopped in Wirral South to support @ AdamSykesWirral and met Head Teacher at Thornton Hough Primary # VoteConservative J…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Early cup of coffee in Chester with local traders and our Conservative PPC Will Gallagher before a day out canvassing…
# VoteConservative on Thursday to help secure a brighter future , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/TQmzkS6I9m
RT @ JoelRCharles : Out in # Harlow today with a new young @ Conservatives who has just joined the party to support @ Halfon4Harlow and @ theres…
RT @ SamGyimah : Lucked out with the rain . Nice to be delivering for Simon Kirby in Brighton Kemptown # VoteConservative https : //t.co/6bDxKa52…
Only Theresa May can provide the strong and stable leadership needed to get us the best Brexit deal . # VoteConservative on Thursday . https : //t.co/ug3IKIJ6jS
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ theresa_may in Stoke-on-Trent speaking about her plans for a secure nation through Brexit & amp ; beyond # GE2017 https : //t.co/3G…
RT @ CCHQPress : . @ theresa_may : Lovely to meet Gemma , David & amp ; family on their farm in Wales earlier with Simon Baynes our local candidate for…
RT @ JFinchSaunders : Pleased to campaign for Dr.James Davies in the Vale of Clwyd . https : //t.co/0mp8f3FSS1
RT @ Matt4CardiffW : I met with the Chief Secretary to the Treasury @ DavidGauke yesterday to talk about championing jobs and apprenticeships…
WATCH : Your vote on Thursday will decide between a strong economy with Theresa May & amp ; her team , or more debt , borrowing & amp ; waste with Corbyn . https : //t.co/ev1anw3aLU
RT @ LNevilleRolfe : Amazingly dedicated team fighting for @ MattHartley100 in # Eltham Pouring rain & amp ; cold - 10 degrees . But very positive r…
RT @ carrie_symonds1 : Just 2 days to go ! If you are able to help us get out the vote on polling day this Thurs in Richmond Park & amp ; N.Kingston…
RT @ CCHQPress : Early rise this morning for @ theresa_may & amp ; @ VoteOllerenshaw meeting the team at the Scotch Bakery in Fleetwood # GeneralElect…
RT @ nicolablackwood : Great to pop into # Radley Community Shop & amp ; chat with residents & amp ; volunteers about local & amp ; national issues # GE2017 http…
Vote for Theresa May and her team to get the best Brexit deal for you and your family . Every vote will strengthen her negotiating hand . https : //t.co/u9MoVjUPjP
Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative to get the best Brexit deal for Britain . https : //t.co/HqkzvhWWmU
# VoteConservative on 8 June for : a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/IYJRj4vq7g
A coalition of # chaos : Jeremy Corbyn , propped up by the SNP – with Nicola Sturgeon pulling the strings . Do n't risk it : # VoteConservative https : //t.co/rjnFd6CfRS
Are you standing with Theresa May ? RETWEET to show you 're backing Theresa May to get the best Brexit deal - and secure a brighter future . https : //t.co/HFbgaZqHOU
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Rain , what rain ? A splash of the wet stuff is n't enough to stop us ! Big team out for @ MilesBriggsMSP in Ed SW. Only Mi…
Support strong , stable leadership by using our new twibbon to show friends you 're voting Conservative on Thursday : https : //t.co/eIH6Nt2Pak https : //t.co/z5aZTR15JI
Delivering a smooth , orderly exit from the EU is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/tA1gmvNaRi
A key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit is continuing in the fight against crime & amp ; terrorism . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/54s8sfSvgM
Ensuring the UK remains the best place for science & amp ; innovation is key to our 12-point plan for Brexit . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/Zh4a4A2JYX
Securing new trade agreements around the world is central to our 12-point Brexit plan . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/3Hepd5iQms
Ensuring free trade with European markets is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/fE3GOuQHYo
Protecting workers ’ rights is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/EKw4m1wuc8
Securing the rights of EU nationals in the UK & amp ; UK nationals in the EU is key to our 12-point plan for Brexit . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/2RM2LA1nuW
Giving us flexibility to control immigration is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/XQj86xhJc0
Protecting our strong , historic ties with Ireland is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/E7jWQwUyXH
Strengthening the Union is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/2wjDHVvSRV
Taking control of our own laws is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/0WUruBDiQX
Our 12-point plan for Brexit will help us provide certainty wherever we can as we approach the negotiations . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/Vzm9eEZck7
Only Theresa May has a clear plan for Brexit and can deliver the best deal for Britain to secure a brighter future . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/JFzRED8b29
Only Theresa May will get the best deal on Brexit . Who do you want at the negotiating table ? # VoteConservative https : //t.co/Jms5OpFSXb
MUST WATCH : Another excruciating interview with Diane Abbott - Corbyn 's choice for Home Secretary . # VoteConservative on Thursday to stop it . https : //t.co/UAGiOyibpq
Make your plan to vote today . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations-Theresa May or Corbyn : https : //t.co/iahIychaLN https : //t.co/xe0iP4rd5A
Are you standing with Theresa May ? RETWEET to show you ’ re backing Theresa May to get the best Brexit deal – and secure a brighter future . https : //t.co/FfWTKbnyht
# VoteConservative on 8 June for : a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; ; the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/GE7imdHZKn
ICYMI - Diane Abbott in charge of our nation ’ s security ? A vote for anyone other than the Conservatives risks Abbott becoming Home Secretary https : //t.co/EIuXTxNUX5
Thank you to all our volunteers who have been campaigning to secure strong & amp ; stable leadership . GET INVOLVED : https : //t.co/lLj2na8o39 https : //t.co/CsOiRX6YJ4
RT @ DamianGreen : A big turnout for Chris Adams in Bishop Auckland https : //t.co/iSgz19okPz
RT @ LiamFox : A great campaigner even in grim weather , my very good friend Scott Mann @ scottmann4NC # GE2017 https : //t.co/64vcAyv4kL
RT @ JoJohnsonUK : Orpington looking green and leafy - out and about today with great team in Farnborough https : //t.co/IHL0sHxmmj
RT @ RossThomsonMSP : Great afternoon campaigning in Kincorth . Labour voters switching to @ ScotTories to tell Nicola Sturgeon # No2IndyRef2 # G…
RT @ nickphking : Great to be out with @ James4NNorfolk & amp ; two of my favourite peers ( + plenty of others ! ) today , looking to turn North Norfolk…
RT @ GuyOpperman : Campaigning for every @ Conservatives vote in the rain in # WestWylam + NCC local councillor Gordon Stewart before tonight's…
RT @ nicolablackwood : Great to meet representatives of local Bangladeshi community in # Botley & amp ; discuss # NHS , hate crime , business support , …
RT @ michelledonelan : Campaigning in # wet # wiltshire for # GeneralElection2017 @ Conservatives @ hpfelter https : //t.co/U9TkP3YEca
RT @ andrealeadsom : Vote for @ ALewerMBE Conservative candidate for # Northampton South on June 8 # TeamMay https : //t.co/GWtk6NdWxk
RT @ DavidEvennett : Out this evening canvassing and meeting residents in Slade Green https : //t.co/xNZyvAtfkI
RT @ IainMcGill : Great to have @ theresa_may here in Edinburgh North & amp ; Leith today # GE2017 # indyref2 # teamruth https : //t.co/SRbEr4J0gb
RT @ GLindhurstMSP : Great to see @ theresa_may in Granton today . On Thursday vote for a strong government for Scotland and U.K. @ EdinburghTor…
RT @ ScotTories : . @ RuthDavidsonMSP with @ theresa_may in Edinburgh : `` We said no , we meant it , no second referendum . '' https : //t.co/HL4WiEb5gG
Jeremy Corbyn opposes the shoot-to-kill policy that saves British lives . https : //t.co/RguYaqgfAx
Make your plan to vote now . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations-Theresa May or Corbyn : https : //t.co/iahIychaLN https : //t.co/uHH74YL29N
Jeremy Corbyn said Isil supporters should not be prosecuted for 'expressing a political point of view ' – read more : https : //t.co/zvFSMiCaIc
Jeremy Corbyn , propped up by the SNP , Lib Dems and Greens would be a coalition of # chaos – with Nicola Sturgeon pulling the strings . https : //t.co/7ztQKhWnkW
Corbyn has admitted Labour would look to do a deal with the SNP to gain power – which would put Brexit and our economy at risk . https : //t.co/HWBU3rBRZR
Only Theresa May can deliver the best deal for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/5CwMhPA19E
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative on 8 June - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/mQ8tEBzoG2
'ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ' Theresa May says Britain is too tolerant of jihadist ideology and vows a hard line against terror https : //t.co/Okict1QRXa https : //t.co/JkypVfk9kR
Brexit negotiations starting 11 days after the General Election - who do you want at the table for the UK ? https : //t.co/UQWepW7BRr
The choice : Theresa May supporting a strong economy & amp ; helping employers create more better-paid jobs v Corbyn hiking taxes on small business https : //t.co/RQyXddsTgS
The choice is clear : Theresa May & amp ; her team increasing the NHS budget every year , or Corbyn who would put your economic security at risk https : //t.co/qPpYu2djUH
Your choice : Theresa May capping rip-off energy tariffs & amp ; keeping taxes low , or Corbyn raising taxes to the highest ever peacetime levels https : //t.co/GOkAGgfFAx
The shoot-to-kill policy saves British lives - Jeremy Corbyn opposes it . Retweet to let everyone know . https : //t.co/bK5hpQ2q9f
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing school funding every year , so every child gets the best start in life . https : //t.co/DXBrEP9LPf
Your choice : Theresa May standing up for a more secure and united Britain or Jeremy Corbyn , who can ’ t even unite his own party . https : //t.co/QlZdTOCSzi
The choice is clear : Theresa May securing the best Brexit deal , protecting your family ’ s economic security , or Jeremy Corbyn who has no plan https : //t.co/8VKVCBaOfW
Theresa May : Enough is enough – we can not and must not pretend that things can continue as they are when it comes to Islamist extremism . https : //t.co/Mf9M2h0WBc
Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative on 8 June for strong , stable leadership in the national interest . https : //t.co/eumLmU9KtB
Make your plan to vote today . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations-Theresa May or Corbyn : https : //t.co/iahIycyMan https : //t.co/687mD7h3yR
RETWEET to show your support for Theresa May and strong , stable leadership in the national interest . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/zX7mfIvBmv
Diane Abbott in charge of our nation ’ s security ? A vote for anyone other than the Conservatives risks Abbott becoming Home Secretary : https : //t.co/HJsZOtDSHV
Getting the best Brexit deal for Britain : Corbyn can ’ t . Farron won ’ t . Only Theresa May will . RETWEET https : //t.co/nvFYVE6RMi
RETWEET to show you ’ re backing Theresa May and her Conservative team on 8 June . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/VevPYFNhit
For a strong economy , we have to get Brexit right . # VoteConservative to back Theresa May ’ s Plan for Brexit . https : //t.co/TzeTjX1zY6
Only Theresa May and her Conservative team can get the best Brexit deal for Britain . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/k1TGTHb5K1
Only Theresa May will get the best deal on Brexit . Who do you want at the negotiating table ? # VoteConservative https : //t.co/dm89oLR5t2
# VoteConservative on 8 June for : a strong economy , strong leadership , stable government & amp ; the best Brexit deal . https : //t.co/GjwmiiZlQN
RT @ theresa_may : I have just led a meeting of COBR in response to the appalling London attack and I will soon be making a statement in Down…
This is why Brexit really matters : because we need the right deal to secure a better future for generations to come . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/miXNojLHR3
Theresa May 's plan for Brexit will return control to Britain . Find out more : https : //t.co/HTdH4D8RB4 https : //t.co/k6aXKnej5I
Don ’ t risk Corbyn , the SNP and a # CoalitionOfChaos in charge of our country and Brexit . Vote Conservative on 8th June . # GE2017 https : //t.co/SNfHT0h1RX
Make your plan to vote today . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations-Theresa May or Corbyn : https : //t.co/iahIychaLN https : //t.co/uQbXDn8eVH
Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # VoteConservative on 8 June for strong , stable leadership in the national interest . https : //t.co/fNeUUWkpCl
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative on 8 June - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/hS9tFOKANi
RT @ TonyHomewood : Good team out on # Eastmoor today for @ antony_calvert in # Wakefield . Also teams in Darnley Ossett and Rural # GE2017 https : …
RT @ CllrPhilNorth : A positive morning talking to residents in Andover High Street . Lots of support for @ kitmalthouse and the Conservatives.…
RT @ cllrbartington : Beautiful morning to be out in Northfield Brook in # OxfordEast - positive @ Conservatives support on the doorsteps # Turn…
RT @ drcarolinej : Team Sleaford in Gedling . Great response for # Conservative https : //t.co/WzRPABXgAz
RT @ BackBarwell : Great to have the team out in sunny # Shirley this morning - really positive response from locals ! # BackBarwell2017 https : /…
RT @ Byron_Davies : Great team out campaigning in Gower today , the big push is on . # FromGowerForGower https : //t.co/MuP25DdgeB
RT @ owenlmeredith : A few of the team of across Newcastle today # GE2017 https : //t.co/cnb9DpDACl
RT @ KulveerRanger : A fantastic , sunny & amp ; energetic morning campaigning in # Streatham & amp ; # Vauxhall for @ dollytheis @ KimCaddy @ Conservatives ht…
RT @ DanWatkins : Meeting local business owners Jai & amp ; Nabi - supporting lower taxes for small firms # Dan4Tooting https : //t.co/weznGAfZnt htt…
RT @ PrettyTory : Great morning @ Conservatives out for @ SquireCaroline @ EdgConservative thank you @ julianknight15 & amp ; @ anthea_mcintyre @ KarenGr…
RT @ _Liam_Walker_ : It 's been great helping our # OxfordEast @ Conservatives candidate @ cllrbartington today . She will be a great MP for this…
RT @ DrPhillipLeeMP : Bracknell Conservatives campaigning in Crowthorne High St on a beautiful sunny day . Great support for @ theresa_may & amp ; @ C…
RT @ JamesDavies : A strong team out in Rhyl today helping to ensure success for @ Conservatives in the Vale of Clwyd on Thursday . Thank you a…
RT @ MarkVivis : Thanks for your support @ RGTyler & amp ; team out having conversations in # Slough @ Conservatives @ theresa_may # GE2017 https : //t.co…
RT @ James4NNorfolk : 1st time a Chancellor has come to North Walsham for more than 16 years I expect . Time for change @ Conservatives https : /…
RT @ theresa_may : Getting Brexit right is crucial to our children ’ s future . From jobs to our schools , everything depends on securing the bes…
RETWEET to show your support for Theresa May and strong , stable leadership in the national interest . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/QEAC3MDZTl
Strong performance from Theresa May last night on # bbcqt , showing she has a clear plan for Brexit & amp ; that only she can get the best deal . https : //t.co/SDZKlRP13P
RT @ dean_r : Out campaigning & amp ; bumped into the local postie delivering my latest leaflets . Lots of life-long Labour voters switching to # Vot…
RT @ James_Bird_ : Out across the constituency with the team today . Lots of support for Theresa May and my plan for Walsall South 😀😀 https : //…
RT @ ConservativesYO : Thanks to all those out today talking of a strong @ theresa_may message about delivering Brexit for the country https : /…
RT @ tariqahmadbt : Sun shining people smiling Gr8 doorstep response to @ MaryMacleodUK @ Conservatives @ theresa_may # GE17 in Hounslow 2day wit…
RT @ pow_rebecca : Pleased to be in Taunton High Street meeting and talking to local people this morning . @ TauntonTories @ Conservatives https…
RT @ CharlieElphicke : Great to be out and about chatting to people in Deal today - lots of support for the Conservatives # GE2017 https : //t.c…
You can make your plan to vote at https : //t.co/qz6h8TIe1Q https : //t.co/GqfxgX7nYm
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Tremendous morning out in Aberdeen South with @ RossThomsonMSP - a great local champion . Only Ross can beat the SNP her…
RT @ DanWatkins : Thanks to all those who joined the # Dan4Tooting campaign in sunny # Balham today . Do join us this pm if you 're free https : //…
RT @ AndrewSelous : Good to be able to listen to Dunstable residents at Katherine Drive shops this morning . https : //t.co/5CEphiRWDP
RT @ NickyMorgan01 : Thanks to my terrific campaign team out in Loughborough market this morning for the final Saturday of # GE2017 & amp ; to every…
RT @ SimonNayyar : Fab weather for meeting @ MaryMacleodUK voters in Isleworth with @ ConservativeFOP & amp ; @ tariqahmadbt # VoteConservative https : /…
RT @ Lindsey4WNorth : 'Fizzing energy ball ' - I 'll take that , thanks Brian ! https : //t.co/B6CXydyobj
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain & amp ; a strong economy means helping businesses create , more better-paid jobs https : //t.co/ttyScewW3V https : //t.co/V3RtE2mK78
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing the NHS budget every year , helping families get the care they need . https : //t.co/58dbNc6244
Your choice : Theresa May capping rip-off energy tariffs & amp ; keeping taxes low , or Corbyn raising taxes to the highest ever peacetime levels . https : //t.co/icAJVzxKo3
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing school funding every year , so every child gets the best start in life . https : //t.co/8XQ25CuhPN
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain and a strong economy means a more secure and united country . https : //t.co/ttyScewW3V https : //t.co/UwvZcwqjDG
RT @ MattHartley100 : Great to be joined by the terrific @ JoJohnsonUK for this final weekend of the election campaign ! # Eltham https : //t.co/W…
RT @ BackBarwell : I 'm out with the # BackBarwell2017 team in Shirley - I 've been speaking up for this community , what has Corbyn 's candidate…
RT @ cllrbartington : We are at Headington shops this morning speaking to residents about local issues # OxfordEast # GE2017 https : //t.co/N0hhF…
RT @ benpolitics : Great support this morning as we head out to meet residents across Stoke North . @ SoTConservative # GE2017 https : //t.co/tBZ0…
RT @ Rob_Leitch : Big push in # Eltham this morning for @ MattHartley100 & amp ; @ Conservatives - it 's Conservatives vs Corbyn Chaos . Time to turn bl…
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means securing the best Brexit deal , protecting your family ’ s economic security . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/Grq1Vry5hg
RT @ DavidTCDavies : Hitting the streets of # Monmouth Town Centre this morning , talking about constituency and national issues . Feel free to…
RT @ MaryRobinson01 : Campaigners out today including Barney the dog who supports my stance on protecting animal rights . https : //t.co/oBop8jC…
RT @ MaryRobinson01 : Rallying volunteers this morning for the final push backing Theresa May & amp ; ensuring Cheadle gets the best Brexit deal ht…
JEZ 'S £300 MORTGAGE BOMBSHELL Millions of Brits could face price hike under Labour - read it here : https : //t.co/Oja86loWkW https : //t.co/Z0NuiY9ZD1
RT @ Francis19PH : @ RobertJenrick & amp ; part of the local Conservatives team in sunny Bingham . Great support on the doorsteps for Robert . Vote Co…
RT @ CharlesTannock : Campaigning yesterday with @ GClarkUK and @ CharlotteV for @ JamesBerryUK in Kingston for a Conservative victory on June 8…
RT @ wandlconservs : @ Chris_WhiteUK meeting people in Warwick market this morning https : //t.co/7YKjP4QJRr
RT @ GonulDaniels : Into the last weekend of campaigning for # GE2017 we need to get the message out to support @ theresa_may - message me for…
RT @ SuellaFernandes : Leadership and a plan . @ theresa_may and @ Conservatives only sensible option on June 8th . # GE2017 https : //t.co/PHFtH512…
The coalition of # chaos : more taxes , higher debt & amp ; economic shambles . Only Theresa May & amp ; her team can & amp ; will stand up for Britain . https : //t.co/FKGFjZfuGj
Corbyn ’ s Property & amp ; Garden Tax-backed by the Lib Dems-will hit families across England with huge council tax hikes : https : //t.co/U0qrUdhFs7 https : //t.co/D1fR8Xpw0v
Your choice at this election : strong and stable leadership or a coalition of chaos with Corbyn . RT to let friends you stand with Theresa May https : //t.co/UNiYx5eMKJ
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain and a strong economy means helping businesses create more , better-paid jobs . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/7CGHRLCkHx
To take advantage of the opportunities before us , we need to make a success of Brexit . Only Theresa May can get the best deal for Britain . https : //t.co/gmZ8aTWlK1
Corbyn 's night , summed up . Please RT . # bbcqt https : //t.co/7xSJFKr1IT
RETWEET to show you ’ re standing with Theresa May for strong and stable leadership in the national interest . # GE2017 # VoteConservative https : //t.co/pRjHMvXG1r
The Brexit negotiations look set to start 11 days after the election . Do n't risk Corbyn in charge of Brexit . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/o7OlkiWqzL
RT @ michaelgove : Corbyn exposed as never before tonight - higher taxes and borrowing - lower growth and lowered defences - a disaster for B…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn ’ s chaotic performance showed exactly why he can not be trusted with Britain ’ s future through Brexit and beyond . # BB…
Back Theresa May and her team to get the best Brexit deal for you and your family . Every vote will strengthen her negotiating hand . # GE2017 https : //t.co/TLVgiDtAdO
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing school funding every year , so every child gets the best start in life
RT @ DavidRutley : So it is confirmed that Labour offers no nuclear deterrent , no plan for Brexit and has no clue on the economy # BBCQT
With a strong hand in Brexit negotiations , Theresa May can guarantee our economic security and deliver her plan . # VoteConservative
Theresa May showed tonight she has a clear plan for Brexit . Corbyn showed he had no plan on our nation 's security . # bbcqt
RT @ JGForsyth : Confident Theresa May tells Question Time audience , I had the balls to call this election https : //t.co/rs78Mn7hfS
RT @ BorisJohnson : Clear win for PM . Clear plan for Brexit . Not afraid to tackle difficult issues and answer the questions .
RT @ BrandonLewis : Clear chasm between weak , waffling & amp ; testy Corbyn & amp ; strong , clear positive leadership of Theresa May tonight . # BBCQT
RT @ michaelgove : PM - back of the net every time - JC - a series of tragic own goals https : //t.co/fvB5g6Zl0t
A clear win for Theresa May with her plan for Brexit and not afraid to tackle the difficult issues . Corbyn had no answers . # bbcqt https : //t.co/kVFSftRWkA
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Tonight Theresa May showed she has a clear plan for Britain and is the only person to get the best deal for us in Brexit…
RT @ andrealeadsom : Unbelievable . The appalling murders committed by IRA ... .and JC still wo n't condemn them # bbcqt # VoteConservative https : /…
RT @ ChrisPincher : Win 4 May - a plan 4 Brexit , not afraid 2 tackle big issues . Corbyn waffle , weak on Brexit & amp ; will hike taxes on families/…
RT @ theresecoffey : I know I 'm biased on this but a clear win for Theresa May - a plan for Brexit and prepared to tackle the big issues # bbc…
RT @ CCHQPress : Win for PM - clear plan for Brexit and unafraid to take on difficult issues . Corbyn a shambles who wilted under pressure # bb…
RT @ EricPickles : Very clear win for Theresa . Corbyn hit the buffers on tax and spend , defence and Antisemitism # BBCQT
Corbyn : weak on immigration , weak on defence , weak on terrorism . # bbcqt
RT @ toadmeister : Clear win for the Prime Minister . Corbyn started well , but went to pieces when forced to defend his nonsensical policy on…
Tonight we saw a strong performance from a strong leader - and Jeremy Corbyn refusing to answer the big questions on Trident + more . # bbcqt
RT @ AlanMakHavant : Strong performance from Prime Minister @ theresa_may tonight on @ bbcquestiontime Leaders Special # BBCQT https : //t.co/9qOv…
RT @ RobertJenrick : Corbyn is n't offering the next generation a ladder , he 's saddling them with unparalleled debts , taxes and a weak country…
RT @ GregHands : Clear win for Theresa May . Sensible answers to tough questions . Corbyn floundering on Brexit , defence & amp ; the economy # VoteCon…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : More disadvantaged young people going to university under a Conservative government- giving more young people a change t…
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn lies about Hamas - invited them to parliament , calls them friends , and asked for them to come off banned terrorist…
RT @ MhancockUK : All day today people have told me they 'll leave the country if Labour win . Tonight Jeremy Corbyn showed why # BBCQT
RT @ EricPickles : There are MORE children from lower incomes going to university Mr Corbyn # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn : ‘ Fight all the cuts – except those in the armed forces where we want to see a few more cuts ’ ( 20 October 2010 ) . # …
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn talks about armed forces , when he wanted to see them cut # BBCQT
RT @ Conservatives : No answer on Trident . A refusal to condemn the IRA . Taxes that will cost jobs . Corbyn 's night in a nutshell # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn has no answers . Just talk . Brexit negotiations begin 11 days after polling day . It 's not worth taking the risk # bbcqt
RT @ EricPickles : Corbyn see problems but offers no solution # BBCQT
RT @ LPerrins : What is wrong with Jeremy Corbyn , that he can not condemn terrorist killing by IRA ? # bbcqt
RT @ kevverage : I 'm sorry : Corbyn has n't a clue about business
RT @ neill_bob : And wo n't even agree that they `` killed a lot of people '' . Ca n't bring himself to accept the obvious . Weasel words and not fit…
RT @ CCHQPress : Apparently this is 'ask yourself that question ' time ... # bbcqt
RT @ DavidGauke : The UK has never before faced the possibility of a Prime Minister who would be such a threat to our national or economic se…
No answer on Trident . A refusal to condemn the IRA . Taxes that will cost jobs . Corbyn 's night in a nutshell # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Dimbleby just letting Corbyn evade questions and ramble for ages . # BBCQT
RT @ JGForsyth : Corbyn just said that businesses were doing well because of the corporation tax cuts . But that 's the point -- leads to more ta…
RT @ BethRigby : Uncomfortable , Dimbleby presses Corbyn on whether he would use the nuclear deterrent . Looks rattled & amp ; then the non answer ... …
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Still recovering from Jeremy Corbyn 's non answer on Trident ... I realise he 'll be wrapping up shortly . # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn economics again missing fact that our corporation tax policy is bringing in MORE money & amp ; more jobs ! # BBCQT
RT @ MrHarryCole : Would you ever press the red button ?
`` I think we have discussed this at some length ''
RT @ DamianHinds : High-tax risk that firms `` go elsewhere '' not just about firms leaving - it 's about the NEXT investment decision - does it c…
RT @ murdo_fraser : Corbyn wo n't condemn the IRA . This man wants to be our Prime Minister . # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Jeremy Corbyn wo n't create jobs - he 'll destroy them . Do n't take the risk in the polling booth next week # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn participated in a minute ’ s silence to honour eight IRA terrorists including the notorious ‘ Executioner ’ ... .not fit…
RT @ rcolvile : Audience really mullering Corbyn on Trident . Either scrap it or keep it - keep but do n't use is a nonsense policy . # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : Corbyn ca n't bring himself to unequivocally condemn IRA killers who targeted innocents and British squaddies - he ca n't ke…
RT @ Tobias_Ellwood : Watching # BBCQT It there it is again - Corbyn REFUSING to shoulder responsibility of keep our nation safe . That is the…
RT @ EricPickles : Corbyn played NO part in the Peace process # BBCqt https : //t.co/ZxALrzyEiQ
Corbyn + the IRA : Corbyn met convicted IRA terrorists Linda Quigley and Gerard McLoughlin in Parliament in Oct 1984 at his invitation # bbcqt
RT @ BorisJohnson : Corbyn wo n't admit IRA were terrorists . Wo n't admit they killed a lot of people
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Corbyn 'I have not supported any of those organisations ' - just stood on a platform with them and called them 'friends '
RT @ MhancockUK : The revenue from Corporation Tax has RISEN as rates have been cut . How would Corbyn pay for this tax rise ? # BBCQT
RT @ NadineDorries : When Corbyn thinks he 's done well , he jumps backwards . Glad Theresa May does n't do that . # odd # BBCQT
Corbyn + the IRA : ‘ I ’ m happy to commemorate all those who died fighting for an independent Ireland ’ # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn challenged on how his nonsensical policies would lead directly to disinvestment in this country # bbcqt
RT @ WikiGuido : Corbyn again fails to say directly that the IRA are terrorists # bbcqt
RT @ DavidGauke : The IRA were terrorists . Corbyn does n't seem to agree . Why not ? # BBCQT
Corbyn + the IRA : Corbyn participated in a minute ’ s silence to honour eight IRA terrorists including the notorious ‘ Executioner ’ # bbcqt
Taxi for Corbyn ... # bbcqt
Why wo n't Corbyn condemn the IRA ? # bbcqt
RT @ MhancockUK : Jeremy Corbyn is unfit to be Prime Minister # BBCQT
RT @ JamesCleverly : So how many Unionist paramilitaries did Corbyn talk to to bring about peace ? # BBCQT
RT @ ChrisPincher : Again Corbyn wo n't condemn IRA 4 killing British soldiers & amp ; policemen as well as civilians . Literally can not bring himsel…
McDonnell : ‘ It was the bombs + bullets and sacrifice made by the likes of Bobby Sands that brought Britain to the negotiating table . # bbcqt
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Corbyn spent years siding with the IRA and meeting with IRA terrorists at the height of the Troubles . Judge him by his r…
RT @ Tobias_Ellwood : Watching # BBCQT Corbyn 's defence of the IRA is simply shocking . He has just refused to directly condemn the deaths they…
RT @ trussliz : Obfuscating on IRA and Trident . Corbyn has n't changed hard left views . Danger to our economic and national security . # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Jeremy Corbyn : 'I 'm happy to commemorate all those who died fighting for an independent Ireland ' ( 16 May 1987 ) # bbcqt
Corbyn ca n't be trusted on terrorism : https : //t.co/1bBVQOkeoh
RT @ andrealeadsom : # BBCQT To JC : why have you never seen # IRA as terrorists ? His reply - praises Good Friday agreement and says does n't 'ap…
RT @ MhancockUK : Why wo n't Jeremy Corbyn condemn the IRA by name when asked ? # BBCQT
RT @ GregHands : Awful - Corbyn again refuses to condemn the IRA . # VoteConservativ # BBCQT
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn looking sweaty and nervous . Why wo n't he just answer the questions ? # BBCQT
RT @ NadineDorries : 'I 'm not going to stop you workin , it 's ok. ' He seriously thinks he 's going to be PM on June9th # BBCQT
RT @ EricPickles : MEMO TO CORBYN : just answer the question # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn is struggling with any even slightly difficult questions , getting testy # BBCQT
RT @ MhancockUK : Corbyn 's complete failure to understand business shows jobs & amp ; the economy are at risk under Labour # BBCQT
RT @ ChrisPincher : Sound bites from Corbyn - no plan for the economy and no answers - except to suddenly announce spending commitment on bus…
RT @ mattforde : Does n't look good for a leader to not want to comment on something during a TV bid to be Prime Minister . # BBCQT
RT @ AlanMakHavant : Corbyn floundering on economic issues . His high tax policies would hurt families & amp ; businesses across # Havant and Britain…
Poor performance from Corbyn . Clearer than ever he 's not fit to be Prime Minister . # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn on the run - do n't take risk of him in charge of Brexit , our economic security and national security next Friday # bbc…
RT @ theresecoffey : Sound bites from Corbyn - no plan for the economy and no answers . A bit like PMQs every week # bbcqt
RT @ JamesCleverly : Jeremy `` Soundbite '' Corbyn wo n't answer the question . His just doing his standard monologue . # BBCQT
RT @ EricPickles : Is Corbyn is trying to talk the program out # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn on the run on defence and the economy . # BBCQT
RT @ TelePolitics : Corbyn struggles to answer multiple questions on using nuclear weapons and is heckled by the audience # BBCQT https : //t.co…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn being skewered again on his economic policies of the magic money tree . # BBCQT
Small business owners have spoken tonight : Corbyn would cost jobs # bbcqt
RT @ HuddlestonNigel : Audience member summed up Trident and security issue perfectly : Rather have it and not use it , than not have it and ne…
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn on the run again , this time over jobs and wages . He 's getting increasingly testy . # BBCQT
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Corbyn showing he 's just not up to the job . No safe way to vote Labour if you do n't want him in charge of our Brexit , ec…
RT @ michaelgove : We all are ! I just hope they 're not watching in Tehran and Pyongyang https : //t.co/YkwZqslLOT
No commitment to reduce immigration from Corbyn . # bbcqt
On Trident . Q to Corbyn : 'Do you want to comment on that ? ' His answer : 'No ' . # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn wo n't cut immigration , he sees no problem with it continuing to rise . # BBCQT
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn would weaken immigration controls and wo n't control our borders # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : Corbyn totally tanking on defence and the deterrent - he says he would NEVER use trident - he 'd leave us open to nuclear b…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Very very very clear - Corbyn will never protect us against our enemies .
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn literally has got no answers on defence . Refuses to respond to questioner . # bbcqt
RT @ JamesCleverly : Once again Corbyn refuses to answer the question about immigration . # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn failing key test for a PM , will he know how to keep Britain safe : no ! # BBCQT
Most important moment of the night : Corbyn 's refusal to answer the question on Trident # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn has been absolutely skewered over his nonsensical views on the use of Trident . Do n't risk him as PM # bbcqt
RT @ NSoames : Get under the table and call the police # Corbyn defence policy
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn absolutely skewered over his record – he is just not up to the job of PM . # BBCQT
RT @ theresecoffey : Corbynistas in audience gone quiet all of a sudden . Even they realise that security of nation is key test for future PM.…
Jeremy Corbyn could be Prime Minister in 6 days ' time , in charge of national security . And he wo n't say whether he will use Trident # bbcqt
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn would n't make the tough decisions needed to keep the UK safe . # bbcqt
RT @ DavidGauke : If there are no circumstances in which you 'd use a nuclear weapon , you have n't got a nuclear deterrent .
RT @ GregHands : Audience visibly shocked by Corbyn 's nonsensical unilateralism . Only the Conservatives will defend the country # BBCQT # VoteC…
RT @ andrealeadsom : # BBCQT Dimbleby : would you use nuclear weapon ? JC : using would be failure ; he 's not answering ... . Audience : What if N Ko…
RT @ CCHQPress : No circumstances where Jeremy Corbyn would use nuclear deterrent . Not worth taking risk that he could be our PM next Friday…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Corbyn does n't have the judgement to keep our country safe - do n't forget he voted against renewing Trident
RT @ ShippersUnbound : On most things Corbyn is happy in own skin and proud of his views . On defence he knows speaking his mind would be disa…
RT @ ChrisPincher : Now Dimbleby is calling out Corbyn for `` dodging the question '' . This guy just wo n't defend us . A reason why 172 Lab MPs do…
RT @ JSHeappey : Corbyn on Trident is terrifying . Missiles are in air & amp ; inbound yet he would n't press button . Means we 'd have no deterrent un…
There are no circumstances in which Corbyn would use Trident - even if we were under attack # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : JC ca n't be trusted on defence or fighting terror - instead of speaking up for UK he 'd just sing kumbaya # bbcqt
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Corbyn can not get a deal the EU . He just could not deliver . # bbcqt
This is very serious : would he use Trident or would n't he ? # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn under pressure . Dimbleby : `` You are dodging the question '' # BBCQT # VoteConservative
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn says `` we only have one planet '' but I bet Diane is n't quite so sure # BBCQT
RT @ Tobias_Ellwood : Watching # BBCQT Politics aside-having served in British Army & amp ; still in the TA -DEEPLY concerned Corbyn might EVER comm…
Jeremy Corbyn dodging the question on nuclear weapons # bbcqt
RT @ NadineDorries : He does n't know the answer . The questioner in the audience understands principles of peace keeping more than Corbyn does…
Jeremy Corbyn and Diane Abbott in charge of our security ? # bbcqt https : //t.co/nCEI1s0hCI
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn wo n't say he 'll use nuclear deterrent in last resort . So he 's destroying the deterrent . Audience calls him out . We…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Jeremy Corbyn could be Prime Minister in 6 days time and putting our security at risk by dismantling our nuclear defences
RT @ theresa_may : Thank you to everyone who put their questions to me tonight on # bbcqt . Good debate on important topics like who can get th…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn failing to get even close to answering question on keeping Britain safe . Labour can not be trusted with our securit…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Thanks for that rambling , stream of consciousness monologue on Trident from Corbyn but he flatly refused to give an answ…
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Corbyn avoiding question to what he would do if under threat of nuclear attack . Because he does n't know
RT @ theresecoffey : Total weakness on Trident from Corbyn - but he could be prime minister this time next week unless people # VoteConservati…
Corbyn is weak on defence - he will 'talk ' to stop attacks # bbcqt
RT @ EricPickles : Corbyn ' answer is longer than the four minute nuclear warning # bbcqt
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : So it 's clear : @ jeremycorbyn would not be prepared to protect # Britain under # nuclear attack # BBCLeadersQT
RT @ trussliz : Evading the question on using nuclear weapons again . Corbyn would endanger our country 's security . # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn 's answer on this Trident question is about as long as the 4 minute warning # bbcqt
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn studiously avoiding audience question about our nuclear deterrent . Thinks if he can keep talking he can avoid ques…
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn asked if UK under `` imminent threat '' from nuclear weapons and his rambling answer is probably longer than the 4 minute…
It would n't just be Corbyn in charge of our security - it would be Diane Abbott too # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn has said Hamas and Hezbollah were his 'friends ' # BBCQT
RT @ ChrisPincher : Audience member reminds Corbyn last labour government left no money - and Corbyn things they spent 'too little ' # bbcqt
RT @ BorisJohnson : Theresa May stands up for all and stands against intolerance . We are proud of Jewish communities - Labour very poor recor…
Corbyn would leave Britain unprotected , with no nuclear deterrent # bbcqt https : //t.co/nUYP3KP8oG
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corby lying about to on small business - he 'll raise tax on them from 19 to 21p on small business # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : @ michaelgove but then he thinks Hizbollah and Hamas are friends # everydayantisemitism # bbcqt
RT @ toadmeister : If Corbyn believes in fighting racism with every fibre of his being why is he so close to a Holocaust denier ? https : //t.co…
RT @ DavidGauke : It took the last Labour government 11 years to wreck the public finances . Corbyn would do it in 11 weeks # BBCQT
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn is , has and always will be weak on anti-semitism in the Labour party # BBCQT
RT @ EricPickles : Corbyn sounds rattled on Antisemitism , so he should , all talk and no action # BBCQT
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Jeremy Corbyn thinks the last Labour government 'spent too little ' . He poses a real risk to our growing economy and ordi…
Here 's the piece in Corbyn 's manifesto where they pledged to RAISE taxes on small businesses - which Corbyn 'forgot ' tonight # bbcqt https : //t.co/7H6ad1vHO6
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn is directly challenged on his failure to expel Ken Livingstone for anti-semitic comments - he ca n't give a straight a…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Corbyn thinks last Labour government that wrecked the economy and wrote letter saying all money gone did n't spend enough !
RT @ MhancockUK : The Labour manifesto proposes paying for everything from a magic money tree # BBCQT https : //t.co/OGOiLFTfTU
https : //t.co/q8ElsIUONZ
RT @ DavidGauke : Corporation tax brings in approx £50bn pa. Corbyn says wants to raise a further £30bn . Massive increase , inevitably drives…
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Lab manifesto 'serious and realistic ' ? Surely not with £30 bn black hole according to IFS
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : I have read @ jeremycorbyn # Labour manifesto - it is a letter to # Santa ! All taxpayers especially next generation will p…
RT @ CCHQPress : Remember - Jeremy Corbyn said in 2015 that the last Labour government 'actually spent too little ' . Not worth the risk # bbcqt
The audience holding Corbyn to account for his # magicmoneytree # bbcqt
RT @ BorisJohnson : Small business face tax rises under Labour . Corbyn will hike taxes to highest level since WW2 . We are supporting business…
RT @ NadineDorries : Corbyns tax increase will cripple small/medium business- make us uncompetitive against countries like Ireland and slump…
RT @ EricPickles : Santa 🎅 says No https : //t.co/xU7ejUZYtV
Remember : Corbyn said the last Labour government actually spent too little # bbcqt
RT @ theresecoffey : Corbyn should know his manifesto raises corporation tax for small businesses and entrepreneurs , not be misleading the co…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Corbyn does n't know how much his policies cost or how he 'll pay for them
RT @ GregHands : Truth is that Corbyn will crash the economy and drive taxes up for ordinary working people . # BBCQT
RT @ MhancockUK : Corbyn demonstrates once again he does n't understand how business works or how jobs are created # BBCQT
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Rising corp tax will cripple small businesses - the way to fund the NHS is to help businesses like this gentleman 's expand…
RT @ isaby : Making `` big corporations pay more '' surely means lower wages for staff or higher prices for customers , Mr Corbyn ? # bbcqt
RT @ DavidGauke : Very few advanced countries have increased corporation tax rates . Those that have quickly reversed increase . Why ? Damages e…
Labour have committed to reintroducing the ‘ lower ’ small profits rate of corporation tax , which would be 21 per cent in 2020-21 # bbcqt
RT @ andrealeadsom : Question to Jeremy Corbyn from small business owner about future under Labour - higher corp tax and Brexit uncertainty.…
RT @ EleanorMills : Corbyn in total fantasy land on how he 's going to pay for anything he 's promising ... # BBCQT
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn 's tax plans will drive companies out of the country hammering jobs and reducing tax yield for public services . Cha…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : There is n't a tax Jeremy Corbyn does n't want to raise ! His corporation tax hike will hit over a million small businesses ! …
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Labour 's corporation tax rises would cost small businesses , investments and jobs # bbcqt
RT @ EddieBarnes23 : Corbyn invited to rule out a pact with the SNP , waffles . Raised eyebrows from audience # bbcqt
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn just told a massive howler about small businesses taxes . It goes up under his manifesto . 19 % to 21 % # bbcqt
RT @ theresecoffey : Corporation tax rates are down and tax receipts have gone up . Corbyn would wreck our strong economy , wreaking havoc on p…
RT @ EricPickles : Corporation Tax increases will hammer investment , jobs and the economy . Seems Corbyn has forgotten that Small Business tax…
RT @ trussliz : IFS says Corbyn manifesto would lead to the highest peacetime levels of taxation . Everyone would pay- businesses and people.…
RT @ Conservatives : Corbyn does n't know his own corporation tax plans - it will rise on small businesses costing jobs # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : First fib from Corbyn : under Labour 's plans , small business corporation tax goes UP from 19 % to 21 % . # BBCQT
RT @ CCHQPress : The IFS also said Labour 'have supposedly identified £49 billion of tax increases . That is an overestimate . ' # bbcqt
RT @ MhancockUK : But Labour have committed to a rise in Small Business corporation tax rate # BBCQT
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn 's corporation tax money tree will CUT the tax yield meaning he 'll either have to borrow or tax elsewhere - as IFS…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn has committed to raise corporation tax on businesses of all sizes . Small biz corporation tax goes from 19 % to 21 % …
Corbyn 's corporation tax will go from 19 % to 21 % under Labour 's plans # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn does n't know what he 's talking about when it comes to creating jobs - your economic security not safe in his hands # b…
Corbyn does n't know his own corporation tax plans - it will rise on small businesses costing jobs # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : He 's been flirting with the SNP all week # CoalitionOfChaos # bbcqt https : //t.co/UF8gZMntk9
RT @ SteveBakerHW : Labour MPs passed a no-confidence motion in Jeremy Corbyn by 172-40 # bbcqt # chaos https : //t.co/FDjXVPJhwo
RT @ BorisJohnson : Corbyn asked is he would rule out and SNP coalition . Waffle waffle blah blah . Of course he would and that would damage Br…
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn seems far keener on negotiations with the SNP than he does on the Brexit negotiations . # BBCQT
RT @ theresecoffey : Placards ? Letters ? Sounds like Corbyn would duck the tough conversations # bbcqt
RT @ JamesCleverly : The guy in the audience is spot on , Corbyn was asked about coalition with the SNP and would n't rule it out . # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Asked about deal with SNP this week Corbyn said 'you 'd better ask me that on June 9th ' . Do n't trust him with your family 's f…
RT @ theresecoffey : Sturgeon said today she 'd do a deal issue by issue with Corbyn - clear he 'd be propped up in an unstable coalition # bbcqt
Corbyn 's corporation tax rises would hit small businesses and cost jobs # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn evades and then tries to shout down the question on doing a deal with the SNP . # BBCQT
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : So @ jeremycorbyn dodges the # CoaltionOfChaos question - of course he would do a deal with # SNP and others # BBCLeadersQT
RT @ AlanMakHavant : Vote @ Conservatives for strong government & amp ; the best Brexit deal . Corbyn would lead a chaotic coalition propped up by th…
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn wo n't rule out a deal with Sturgeon and @ theSNP - which means coalition of chaos # bbcqt
RT @ theresecoffey : Seems Corbyn would take any deal on offer from EU # bbcqt
Corbyn , the SNP and the Lib Dems would be a coalition of chaos – with Sturgeon pulling the strings . # bbcqt https : //t.co/wujXEt4Btq
RT @ NadineDorries : I 'm proud of the boss tonight and judging by my phone , we all are . # IstandwithTheresaMay
RT @ andrealeadsom : The # Brexit negotiations are vital for our future success . Theresa May # conservatives will provide the strong leadership…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn refuses to rule out a coalition with the SNP . # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn immediately evasive on any deal with the SNP in Westminster . # BBCQT
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : 'No deal better than a bad deal ' - the biggest Brexit dividing line . Has Jeremy Corbyn ever negotiated anything ?
RT @ carrie_symonds1 : Corbyn talks about his team but his very own Brexit Secretary said his leadership was untenable ! # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn not interested in controlling our borders , laws and money - not up to negotiating Brexit # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : Too right top chum - he will fold like a cheap deck chair in a hurricane https : //t.co/y0z2WHOAxg
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn is basically saying he 'd take any deal the EU puts forward . Huge fees , no control over immigration , no other int…
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn will sign any cheque to the EU and sign up to any deal however bad it might be for the UK . No plan . Shambles . # bbc…
RT @ theresecoffey : Theresa May as PM will continue our commitment to tackling climate change and a better environment than we inherited # bb…
Corbyn propped up by the SNP ? It would be chaos for Britain . # bbcqt https : //t.co/6WAIj9BVkY
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Corbyn and the coalition that would prop him up all oppose our plan to get the right deal with the EU
Corbyn did n't mention control of our borders in his answer at all . That is a key part of Theresa May 's plan for Brexit . # bbcqt https : //t.co/dByoHiFxOG
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : @ jeremycorbyn what strong # Labour team for # Brexit ? Three quarters of # Labour MPs do n't back # Corbyn . Too weak to lead # …
Corbyn not interested in negotiating control of our borders # bbcqt
RT @ DavidBurrowesUK : Corbyn : `` We have a great team of very experienced people '' ..eh ? ? # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn would accept literally any deal the EU gave him - not up to the job # bbcqt
RT @ MhancockUK : Corbyn opens claiming he has a great team - somehow forgot to mention Diane Abbott # BBCQT
RT @ EricPickles : Seems that Corbyn will accept any deal on Brexit # BBCQT
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Corbyn ca n't negotiate a good deal for Britain and said he would accept any deal the EU offered # bbcqt
RT @ sajidjavid : Strong performance by PM . The only person that can get Brexit right # BBCQT
RT @ ChrisPincher : Corbyn NOT clear on Brexit . He wanted to trigger A50 immediately then back off . Then could n't persuade Lab MPs to back hi…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Corbyn ca n't even negotiate with his own backbenchers ( 18 months for a reshuffle ) the EU would eat him alive . # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Corbyn says he `` accepts the decision '' on Brexit , but his Party split three ways on the article 50 vote in Parliament . # BBCQt
Corbyn would take any deal offered to him . He ca n't negotiate the right Brexit deal for Britain . # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn told 'you 've got no chance ' in Brexit negotiations by a voter # bbcqt
IMPORTANT : No mention of controlling our borders in Corbyn 's answer on Brexit # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : Corbyn did n't mention controlling borders once in his answer on Brexit negotiation priorities # bbcqt
RT @ theresecoffey : Strong performance by PM - setting out clear plan for making a success of Brexit and how to make life in the UK even bet…
RT @ timloughton : Source of Labour 's 'fully costed ' manifesto REVEALED : https : //t.co/aUzFayzqUt
RT @ MorrisseyHelena : Well said @ theresa_may - we take an independent position as the UK .
RT @ Tobias_Ellwood : Watching # BBCQT Very pleased to see PM robust and committed on # climatechange # Parisclimateaccord and said as much dir…
RT @ theresecoffey : Significant investment of £4bn in education while 1.7 million more children are in good or outstanding schools now than…
Theresa May will get the best deal on Brexit . Jeremy Corbyn and Diane Abbott would be a Brexit shambles # bbcqt https : //t.co/r7qZpZlfp2
RT @ trussliz : Commanding performance from PM . Exactly who we need leading us through Brexit and beyond . # bbcqt
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : Brilliant performance from @ theresa_may on # BBCLeadersQT # strong
RT @ MhancockUK : Excellent performance by the Prime Minister on top form # BBCQT
RT @ Patrick4Dales : It 's also right that we 're looking how to make school funding fairer so some schools are n't getting twice as much as oth…
Theresa May clear : we take independent decisions as the UK # bbcqt
RT @ JamesCleverly : 200 countries signed up to Paris climate change agreement , 28 European countries , only 3 countries signed the letter . # b…
RT @ trussliz : 1.8 million more children going to good and outstanding schools since 2010 . We are putting more money in and sharing it more…
No school will lose cash under our fairer funding formula # bbcqt
RT @ Patrick4Dales : We 've protected the schools budget but it 's not just about funding , 1.8m more children in good/outstanding schools since…
RT @ michaelgove : On education PM 's passion for social mobility comes through - more school choice , supporting great teachers , higher standa…
RT @ DamianHinds : # bbcqt A strong economy means unemploy't at 42 year low ; deficit down 2/3 , while govt spends more on NHS & amp ; schools than an…
RT @ BrandonLewis : PM outlines why education is so important & amp ; how we deliver quality . 1.8m more pupils in good & amp ; outstanding schools now . # …
RT @ andrealeadsom : # bbcqt TM : education funding increasing for schools , and pupil premium/grammar expansion will support best start for eve…
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : @ theresa_may : wants great # education for every child . More money going into # schools under @ theresa_may # BBCLeadersQT
We ’ ve delivered 1.8 million more good and outstanding school places - and we 'll deliver a fairer system of funding # bbcqt
RT @ CCHQPress : PM says that our foreign aid contribution means young people in poorer countries getting an education they would n't otherwis…
Securing new trade agreements is a key part of our Plan for Brexit : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB # bbcqt https : //t.co/R7ss7VZJGC
RT @ michaelgove : PM in command of the issues , facts and arguments - dealing with tough questions with aplomb
The Conservatives are raising school funding every year - so every child gets the best start in life # bbcqt https : //t.co/hk3pue6Cs6
RT @ andrealeadsom : # BBCQT TM : our foreign aid is focussed on e.g . helping girls to be educated , keeping people safe and providing food/wate…
RT @ GregHands : Theresa May rightly explaining how foreign aid rarely goes to foreign governments . It is spent in countries to improve lives…
Theresa May will secure new trade agreements as part of her plan to make a success of Brexit # bbcqt https : //t.co/8losSI5odp
RT @ BrandonLewis : @ theresa_may Showing real command of the policy areas – what needs to be done and how we do it . Why she is the right pers…
Theresa May clear on the benefits of foreign aid , in terms of protecting us in the United Kingdom # bbcqt
RT @ ChrisPincher : PM makes clear that foreign aid helps people in need abroad but also is investment for us at home helping to keep us safe…
RT @ CCHQPress : PM showing command of her brief on policy - and being straightforward with voters , rather than making empty promises # bbcqt
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Theresa May showing tonight she has a plan for a stronger Britain and the leadership to deliver it # bbcqt
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Surely Theresa May gets to heart of issue on mental health when she says it is all about early intervention
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : @ theresa_may totally passionate about dealing with # mentalhealth issues . @ Conservatives putting record funding into # NH…
RT @ NadineDorries : Question is upsetting and hard . TM is demonstrating not just compassion re mental health but understanding and detail of…
RT @ michaelgove : No front rank politician has done more to champion better mental health than the PM - she will change the law to help thos…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Theresa May has been a passionate champion on improving mental health provision for years . # bbcqt
RT @ nickfaith82 : To be fair to the PM mental health is one of the core social justice issues contained within the manifesto . # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Theresa May very knowledgable on questions in mental health - response is new legislation , new funding & amp ; new emphasis given…
Theresa May : foreign aid helps protect us as a United Kingdom # bbcqt
RT @ ChrisPincher : PM right that mental health discrimination in workplace must be tackled and stopped . Honest , transparent , clear . # bbcqt
RT @ Patrick4Dales : We want to deliver 10,000 more NHS staff working in mental health services to ensure people get the respect and care the…
Read more about Theresa May 's plans here : https : //t.co/2xVCcHaNjC
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : Who is the PM who has done more 4 mental health than any other ? Theresa May . £1.4 bn more this yr vs 3 years ago , 120,000…
RT @ MhancockUK : You can see that the PM knows and cares about tackling mental health & amp ; bringing parity of esteem with physical health # BBCQT
RT @ andrealeadsom : # bbcqt TM : Mental Heath to be given parity with physical health - a top priority for us . We will ensure better support i…
RT @ EricPickles : Clear commitment to Mental Health from TM . I know that she feels strongly on this issue # bbcqt
Theresa May : it 's not just about the increasing money going into the NHS – it ’ s also about spending it well . # bbcqt https : //t.co/r5WIDybCUa
RT @ GregHands : Theresa May calm & amp ; measured & amp ; dignified response to the young woman with a mental health question & amp ; difficult personal exper…
RT @ PennyMordaunt : Between 2015 and 2020 we will spend half a trillion pounds on the NHS . # VoteConservative # BBCQT
PM : it 's important we focus on mental health as well as physical health # bbcqt
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : 11,000 more docs and 12,000 more nurses compared to 2010 - not possible without public sector pay restraint
RT @ BrandonLewis : PM very clear about not ducking the tough decisions including dealing with the tough economic mess Labour left . # BBCQT
RT @ PennyMordaunt : £8bn more for the nhs & amp ; more support for mental health - can only happen if people vote conservative and keep our econom…
RT @ Patrick4Dales : We are putting record levels of funding into the NHS . There are hard choices but protecting funding ensures people get t…
RT @ BorisJohnson : PM not ducking Qs on tough decisions . We can only look after the country with a strong economy + good Brexit deal . Only T…
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : £3.9 bn more on NHS and social care being spent this year than Lab promised in 2015
RT @ Jeremy_Hunt : 45,000 had to sell their houses to pay for care under Labour - only this PM willing to tackle this unfairness
We 'll increase NHS spending # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Between 2015 and 2020 we will spend half a trillion pounds on the NHS . I know , I did the Spending Review . # VoteConservative…
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : @ theresa_may : `` we will put more money into # NHS . Record levels of funding '' currently # BBCLeadersQT
RT @ CCHQPress : PM reminds us that in the 5 years to 2020 we will spend more than half a TRILLION on the NHS # bbcqt
We are quadrupling protection so people can leave £100,000 AT LEAST to their children # bbcqt
The Conservatives have quadrupled protection on social care # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : PM quite right on manifesto - Conservatives only party to be straight about the big challenges Britain faces - and show le…
Read Theresa May 's plan for a stronger Britain : https : //t.co/ttyScewW3V # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Theresa May explaining well & amp ; calmly the difficult choices on social care & amp ; how only Conservatives have fair policy # VoteCon…
RT @ DamianHinds : # bbcqt Every reason to believe PM can secure good EU deal : in interests also of other countries , and crucially their inter…
RT @ CCHQPress : Strong answer from PM on manifesto . Honest about challenges we face as a country - unlike Jeremy Corbyn and magic money tree…
Diane Abbott as Home Secretary ? ! # bbcqt https : //t.co/2jZWeWHOUN
Jeremy Corbyn wants Diane Abbott to be the Home Secretary . # bbcqt https : //t.co/CqNE2CV2e5
Here 's Diane Abbott , Corbyn 's choice for Home Secretary , getting her sums wrong : # bbcqt https : //t.co/Ld3kTyJpnI
RT @ michaelgove : On Brexit deal PM is calm , clear , coherent - she will deliver what we voted for # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Rambling question on having a second EU referendum . LibDem question unravels , even as it 's delivered . # BBCQT
RT @ BrandonLewis : @ theresa_may clearly outlines risk of Diane Abbott as Home Sec . That is the risk next week . # BBCQT
RT @ BorisJohnson : This is a PM for the whole country . No matter if you voted Leave or Remain she will get best deal for whole U.K + seize g…
RT @ EricPickles : Good deal in trade terms is also good for Europe # BBCQT
RT @ CCHQPress : PM - a good deal is of benefit to the UK , but also to the remaining EU member states # bbcqt
Diane Abbott as Home Secretary - in charge of our national security ? ! No thanks . # bbcqt
RT @ BrandonLewis : @ theresa_may outlining why a good deal is good for UK & amp ; EU , with positive outlook on how to deliver for U.K. # BBCQT
RT @ Tobias_Ellwood : Watching # BBCQTT Key point about Brexit result : All MUST accept the REF result & amp ; all must work to ensure UK makes a suc…
A strong , positive view of Brexit from Theresa May # bbcqt
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : Who can deliver on what comes after Brexit ? Two words : Theresa . May . # bbcqt
RT @ GregHands : Theresa May strong on the tactics of getting a good deal in the Brexit negotiation - showing her long experience in governme…
Theresa May optimistic about the opportunities Brexit will bring - if we get the right deal # bbcqt https : //t.co/SXJK5gCwdp
RT @ CCHQPress : PM sets out vision - we need a Free Trade Agreement , new trade deals with the rest of the world , to deliver a more prosperou…
RT @ andrealeadsom : # BBCQT TM : British voters chose to leave EU - what 's important is to deliver on the will of the people - only @ Conservat…
RT @ MhancockUK : The stronger the question , the better the answers from Theresa May . Showing the strength needed to deliver the best Brexit…
RT @ JamesCleverly : How hard is it understand that people who believe in democracy will respect the outcome of the referendum ? # bbcqt
RT @ EricPickles : TM talks persuasively about the importance of delivering on the will of the people on Brexit # BBCQT
RT @ GregHands : Theresa May explaining well the position of most of us Remainers : respect the will of the people & amp ; make it work & amp ; work well…
Theresa May has set out her clear plan for Brexit : https : //t.co/HTdH4CRgJw # bbcqt
The only way to secure Brexit and get the best deal from Europe is with a strong Prime Minister : Theresa May # bbcqt
RT @ trussliz : PM right . Public want us to get on with it . And she is the tough negotiator who can deliver Brexit . # bbcqt
RT @ MhancockUK : Good explanation from Theresa May of why no deal is is better than a bad deal # BBCQT
RT @ AmberRuddHR : 11 days after the election crucial negotiations with the eu begin - we need Theresa May in the room safeguarding our econo…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Being tied into a bad deal with the EU would be disastrous for the UK . Better to pause , go back and get a good one later…
RT @ sajidjavid : PM spot on : We have to be prepared to not accept a bad deal for the sake of punishing Britain # BBCQT
RT @ EricPickles : Worse possible deal at the highest possible price is what Labour offers on Brexit TM on # bbcqt
RT @ BorisJohnson : I have seen PM in cabinet and in global negotiations . She is strong + fights hard for UK . Corbyn has never fought for Bri…
Theresa May will deliver our plan for Brexit : https : //t.co/HTdH4CRgJw # bbcqt
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : A strong Leader is willing to face the electoral at a # GeneralElection - that 's what @ theresa_may has done . Refreshing.…
RT @ GregHands : Strong answers from @ theresa_may about how to negotiate the best possible Brexit deal for the U.K. # BBCQT
Theresa May is clear : we need to get the best Brexit deal for Britain # bbcqt https : //t.co/wVanJWrIZX
RT @ CCHQPress : PM clear that no deal from EU better than a bad deal - have to be prepared to stand up for Britain in tough negotiations # bb…
RT @ BrandonLewis : Theresa May outlining why she is the best person to be PM . She outlines optimism for future of U.K. delivering a good Bre…
RT @ michaelgove : Absolutely https : //t.co/2NyUbbZ5zk
RT @ theresecoffey : Theresa May has debated Jeremy week in week out at PMQs . Meeting voters , not your opponents , is the best way to hear fro…
RT @ trussliz : Prime Minister shows determination to respect will of British people on Brexit . Coalition of chaos led by Corbyn would not. # b…
RT @ michaelgove : PM nails it - only the Conservatives believe in respecting the referendum result and delivering a successful Brexit # bbcqt
Corbyn , propped up by the SNP , trying to negotiate Brexit ? That would be a disaster for Britain # bbcqt https : //t.co/65PfURK9A0
RT @ CCHQPress : PM - easy thing would 've been not to call an election , but people should get to choose who represents them in Brexit negotia…
RT @ EricPickles : TM says she called the # ge2017 for the best interest of the country # BBCQT
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : We need a strong Leader to take us through # Brexit and beyond successfully - that 's @ theresa_may # LeadersDebateQT
Theresa May has a plan for Brexit and beyond . # bbcqt https : //t.co/lsErbh82pa
RT @ theresecoffey : Brexit negotiations start 11 says after the election . Who do you want negotiating for the UK ? Theresa or Jeremy and coal…
RT @ BrandonLewis : @ trussliz @ Conservatives Theresa May rightly outlines importance of this election to deliver Brexit with a strong mandate…
Respecting the will of the people and getting the best deal for Britain - that 's what really matters # bbcqt
RT @ andrealeadsom : # bbcqt Theresa May making clear that the only poll that matters is the one on June 8 . She is the strong , principled lea…
This is why Brexit really matters : because we need the right deal to secure a better future for generations to come # bbcqt https : //t.co/oPoDVFi10v
RT @ michaelgove : PM gets to the heart of it - we ca n't risk a Labour/SNP/Lib Dem coalition mishandling these critical Brexit negotiations i…
RT @ MhancockUK : Worry about the risk of a coalition of chaos under Jeremy Corbyn is coming up more and more on the doorstep # BBCQT
RT @ GregHands : Theresa May reminding us of the strength of her team against Corbyn 's Cabinet of chaos : Diane Abbott , McDonnell , even SNP & amp ; …
RT @ BorisJohnson : PM does n't duck hard decisions . She wants a great Brexit future full of optimism . Only Theresa can go and fight for Brita…
RT @ SteveBakerHW : . @ theresa_may was absolutely right to call this election and has given a clear explanation # BBCQT
RT @ AlokSharma_RDG : Very strong start from @ theresa_may - sets out strong record as Home Secretary . Straight about need for # GE2017 # BBCLea…
RT @ JamesCleverly : Theresa May just reminded people what is at stake at this election . # bbcqt
RT @ trussliz : Vital we have Theresa May at the helm at this crucial time . Negotiations will start 11 days after election. # bbcqt
RT @ EricPickles : TM reminds us that Brexit negotiations start almost immediately after polling day # BBCQT
RT @ DavidGauke : 'We need to get Brexit right ' says Theresa May . Quite right . She 's the right person to lead us through this # bbcqt
Theresa May is clear : Jeremy Corbyn ca n't negotiate Brexit , the Lib Dems wo n't - only the Conservatives can + will get the best deal # bbcqt https : //t.co/CUDTQebaXC
RT @ SteveBakerHW : @ CCHQPress @ Conservatives Knockout answer from @ theresa_may on the coalition of chaos # BBCQT
No one but Theresa May can get the best Brexit deal for Britain . # bbcqt https : //t.co/H2PrI6pJjl
RT @ AlanMakHavant : Prime Minister @ theresa_may will use her experience to provide strong leadership as Britain starts Brexit negotiations # …
RT @ MhancockUK : Very positive audience reaction to Theresa May 's clear position on dealing with Brexit . Clear May is best person to negotia…
Brexit negotiations begin 11 days after the election - we need a strong Prime Minister to get the best deal # bbcqt https : //t.co/SuMynbYRIl
RT @ JamesCleverly : This election was always about delivering Brexit and getting a good deal for the UK . # bbcqt
RT @ andrealeadsom : # bbcqt Theresa May explains she called # ge2017 because we need a strong hand to negotiate a successful # Brexit
A vote for Theresa May at this election will strengthen her hand in the crucial Brexit negotiations # bbcqt https : //t.co/qH03U8R2Fq
RT @ CCHQPress : PM clear every single vote counts at this election to strengthen her hand at Brexit negotiations # bbcqt
RT @ EricPickles : Theresa a very successful Home Secretary . Great answer to first question . Shows the need for the # GE2017 # BBCQT
RT @ BrandonLewis : Theresa may rightly points out how Labour , Lib Dems and SNP wanted to frustrate leaving the EU . # bbcqt
RT @ michaelgove : Strong , clear , robust articulation of reforming record at Home Office by PM # bbcqt
RT @ trussliz : PM 's strong record at Home Office reduced crime and made our country safer . She is the right person to lead us through Brexit…
RT @ JamesCleverly : The most successful and longest serving Home Secretary of modern times gets to talk about her strong record in governmen…
RT @ GregHands : Strong opening from Theresa May . Reminding us all of 6 years of success as Home Secretary on crime and fighting terrorism . # …
RT @ MhancockUK : Very strong start from Theresa May in # BBCQT & amp ; positive reaction from the audience
RT @ CCHQPress : PM starts with her record as home secretary - excluding more hate preachers than anyone before her , and keeping the country…
Theresa May : a strong track record of delivery as Home Secretary # bbcqt
Here are 8 great reasons to vote for Theresa May and her Conservative team . # bbcqt https : //t.co/d7fMn8jUCU
RT @ BrandonLewis : Theresa May outlining her strong track record of delivery . # BBCQT
Theresa May as Home Secretary excluded more extremist preachers than any other Home Secretary before her # bbcqt
Tonight Theresa May will make clear that only she has the plan to keep our economy strong - and create more jobs # bbcqt https : //t.co/AHBr1KYTJ4
The important choice we 'll see tonight - between Theresa May and the best Brexit deal , or Jeremy Corbyn and a Brexit shambles # bbcqt https : //t.co/L8CFIiywHp
RT @ GregHands : Most important election in generations . People watching tonight will see the choice they have - strength of May or Corbyn ch…
RT @ CCHQPress : Clear choice tonight . Theresa May as PM - negotiating Brexit and strengthening economy OR Jeremy Corbyn putting everything a…
Delivering a smooth , orderly exit from the EU is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/41LT313wdI
A key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit is continuing in the fight against crime & amp ; terrorism . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/VkNwZHHYeJ
RT @ GregHands : Another good team at Fulham Broadway tonight . Such a good response , we ran out of leaflets ! # VoteConservative https : //t.co/1…
Ensuring the UK remains the best place for science & amp ; innovation is key to our 12-point plan for Brexit . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/ABBolSUZat
Securing new trade agreements around the world is central to our 12-point Brexit plan . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/VrBXzvdIGF
Ensuring free trade with European markets is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/kc3MVebddr
Protecting workers ’ rights is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/A6v3fY6xxc
Securing the rights of EU nationals in the UK & amp ; UK nationals in the EU is key to our 12-point plan for Brexit . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/tT69UWfxaP
Giving us flexibility to control immigration is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/wHAVtC62R8
Protecting our strong , historic ties with Ireland is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/V1xBlflBUX
Strengthening the Union is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/VkoFZ8p6HJ
Taking control of our own laws is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/pyd64Ypz74
Our 12-point plan for Brexit will help us provide certainty wherever we can as we approach the negotiations . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/JKthBBX2mG
Corbyn ’ s Property & amp ; Garden Tax-backed by the Lib Dems-will hit families across England with huge council tax hikes : https : //t.co/U0qrUdhFs7 https : //t.co/5dlpOxDa7W
Back Theresa May and her team to make a success of Brexit , so we can take advantage of the opportunities before us . # GE2017 https : //t.co/2elxmRBuhB
Make your plan to vote today . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations -Theresa May or Corbyn https : //t.co/iahIycyMan https : //t.co/ZeexYYICtn
RETWEET to show your support for Theresa May and strong , stable leadership in the national interest . https : //t.co/jtdC5LEKiI
Don ’ t risk Corbyn , the SNP and a # CoalitionOfChaos in charge of our country and Brexit . Vote Conservative on 8th June . https : //t.co/BnOnKocr4t
Labour plots tax raid on London and South East , says party chief - read it here : https : //t.co/HfsbatQqwe https : //t.co/inbj6Mwhi6
RT @ theresa_may : Brexit is an opportunity to shape a better , brighter future for the UK . Back me and I ’ ll work every day to make it a succe…
Corbyn ’ s magic money tree will cost families and extra £3.5k a year – read it here : https : //t.co/oyhiHLJZEM https : //t.co/z9GcjQPFNa
Corbyn ’ s death tax trap – read more here : https : //t.co/SnfVhAZwG9 https : //t.co/F3G57KLQDX
Corbyn has admitted Labour would look to do a deal with the SNP to gain power – which would put Brexit and our economy at risk . https : //t.co/d4QcFUUN8g
RETWEET to show you ’ re standing with Theresa May for strong and stable leadership in the national interest . # GE2017 https : //t.co/uPsPi4heoC
Make your plan to vote today . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations -Theresa May or Corbyn https : //t.co/iahIychaLN https : //t.co/kkDO5kIJAU
The choice is clear : Theresa May securing the best Brexit deal , protecting your family ’ s economic security , or Jeremy Corbyn who has no plan https : //t.co/OfyI2ReuBH
8 great reasons to vote Conservative at # GE2017 - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/EUKpKnsSCV
Make your plan to vote today . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations -Theresa May or Corbyn https : //t.co/iahIycyMan https : //t.co/yVRbKybqU8
Getting the best deal for Brexit means standing up for the UK . Only Theresa May has the plan and ability to deliver for Britain . https : //t.co/rYhNhNPEO2
RT @ theresa_may : If we get Brexit right , we can do great things and build a stronger Britain . Back me on June 8th so I can get the best Bre…
Make your plan to vote today . Your vote decides who will be PM & amp ; lead our Brexit negotiations -Theresa May or Corbyn https : //t.co/iahIycyMan https : //t.co/by4ezuS5SJ
RT @ theresa_may : I will stand up for the UK to make a success of Brexit , so we can take advantage of the opportunities before us . https : //t…
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing school funding every year , so every child gets the best start in life . https : //t.co/BUes3AJPlV
RT @ theresa_may : If you put your trust in me , back me , I will work every day to make a success of Brexit . https : //t.co/BA1j4gdG5L https : //t…
RT @ theresa_may : I am confident that we can fulfil the promise of Brexit and build a stronger , fairer , even more prosperous Britain https : /…
RT @ theresa_may : Just 11 days after you vote , the EU will start the Brexit negotiations with Britain . Read about my plan here : https : //t.co…
Theresa May 's plan for Britain will ensure we get the best Brexit deal from Brussels and a more secure , united Britain here at home . https : //t.co/9g7HcfFDO8
Theresa May 's plan for Brexit will return control to Britain . Find out more : https : //t.co/HTdH4CRgJw https : //t.co/QUjEq3nkEf
Coalition of # chaos : more taxes , higher immigration & amp ; a Brexit shambles . Only Theresa May & amp ; her team can & amp ; will stand up for Britain . https : //t.co/yRkcJYuNHI
To get the best Brexit deal , we need a Prime Minister who is prepared to take the difficult decisions and stand up for the UK . https : //t.co/kk1oxep4Zm
Delivering a smooth , orderly exit from the EU is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/pKaktHUwFS
A key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit is continuing in the fight against crime & amp ; terrorism . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/aVBgIIMqum
Ensuring the UK remains the best place for science & amp ; innovation is key to our 12-point plan for Brexit . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/Wkq3v7ygAn
Securing new trade agreements around the world is central to our 12-point Brexit plan . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/3A8e9Pm6iT
Ensuring free trade with European markets is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/3lXjbUv7WJ
Protecting workers ’ rights is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/HrbU83pNEW
Securing the rights of EU nationals in the UK & amp ; UK nationals in the EU is key to our 12-point plan for Brexit . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/MFYdXEmDoo
Giving us flexibility to control immigration is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/yCmjTB4gQD
Protecting our strong , historic ties with Ireland is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/o93Ooc8LmX
Strengthening the Union is central to our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9NeLO9 https : //t.co/0ElfUuM1AY
Taking control of our own laws is a key part of our 12-point plan for Brexit . Find out more : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/bRtii7nyEq
Our 12 point-plan for Brexit will help us provide certainty wherever we can as we approach the negotiations . More : https : //t.co/5iNs9MXaWB https : //t.co/3YLXOkbnlo
Tonight ’ s # coalitionofchaos was a glimpse of what Jeremy Corbyn ’ s first cabinet would look like . # bbcdebate https : //t.co/D8Qzjd67rD
Amber Rudd sums up the choice at this election : Theresa May and the best Brexit deal - or Corbyn and a Brexit shambles # BBCDebate https : //t.co/GgXc6LLDm2
With negotiations starting just 11 days after # GE2017 , we need someone who can and will stand up for Britain . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/yYGUlqrX4m
Corbyn closes by failing to mention BREXIT again . It 's almost like he does n't have a plan ... # BBCDebate ( Ours here : https : //t.co/HTdH4CRgJw )
EU negotiations begin 11 days after the election . If this # coalitionofchaos was in charge , it would be an utter shambles . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/PP2rD3Nq6g
Amber Rudd : only Theresa May will get the best Brexit deal for Britain # BBCDebate https : //t.co/mAaKEsBKRY
Leadership is a Prime Minister who is prepared to take the difficult decisions and stand up for the UK . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/AfT4jRrPby
Imagine this # coalitionofchaos trying to negotiate Brexit on behalf of Britain : chaos . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/AgG4aNroF5
172 of Corbyn 's MPs told him they had no confidence in him # BBCDebate
RT @ MhancockUK : A record 24 % of energy was from solar in the UK last week - over 9/10 of solar panels in the UK have been installed since 2…
More squabbling and shouting . # coalitionofchaos # BBCDebate
Amber Rudd and the Conservatives helped negotiate the Paris Agreement # BBCDebate
Theresa May , Amber Rudd & amp ; the Conservatives negotiated the Paris Agreement - shows just how much we need TM & amp ; team to negotiate Brexit .
More taxes , higher immigration , and a Brexit shambles - tonight has made it clear what a coalition of chaos would look like # BBCDebate https : //t.co/nFGQP9A2H7
We 've given our security sources more powers to keep us safe . Corbyn opposes counter-terrorism laws . # BBCDebate
RT @ BorisJohnson : Amber lays out the facts – crime is down by a third # BBCDebate
# CoalitionOfChaos with Corbyn means Diane Abbott would be Home Secretary . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/NAh9PFsgvx
Corbyn boasted about voting against EVERY SINGLE piece of anti-terror legislation since 1983 # BBCDebate
If Jeremy Corbyn became PM , Diane Abbott would be Home Secretary . # BBCDebate
Corbyn : ‘ I ’ m not happy with the shoot-to-kill policy in general ' . He would n't keep our country safe . # BBCDebate
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn forgetting his own shadow chancellor wanted to cut police money by another 10 % ! # BBCDEBATE
Jeremy Corbyn described known terrorists from Hamas and Hezbollah as his ‘ friends ’ # BBCDebate
Corbyn : ‘ I ’ ve been involved in opposing anti-terror legislation ever since I first went into Parliament in 1983 ’ https : //t.co/XTikokqmc1
Corbyn : ‘ I ’ ve been involved in opposing anti-terror legislation ever since I first went into Parliament ’ ( Stop The War Conference , 21/06/11 )
RT @ AlanDuncanMP : The squabbling between Corbyn , Lib Dems and SNP on # BBCdebate gives us an early look at the Coalition of Chaos in action
RT @ GregHands : The other 6 `` Leaders '' are trying to pile in on Amber Rudd , outbidding each other with more immigration , more taxes & amp ; more de…
The Basic State Pension is up £1,250 under the Conservatives # BBCDebate
Corbyn did n't cost his nationalisations and does n't even know the cost of programmes set out in his own manifesto . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/0Ozwys6Y41
# BBCDebate Corbyn ca n't do his sums - as we saw yesterday :
https : //t.co/PMpmXk4qXi
Amber Rudd : the only way to keep a strong economy is to get the best Brexit deal . Only Theresa May can do that . # BBCDebate
Jeremy Corbyn and Carolyn Lucas aligned on Trident : they 'd scrap our nuclear defences # BBCDebate
Point 6 of Theresa May 's plan for Brexit : securing the rights of EU nationals in the UK , and UK nationals in the EU https : //t.co/HTdH4D8RB4 https : //t.co/JW8rkT9Iug
# CoalitionOfChaos : Squabbling politicians propping up Corbyn ’ s arguments for higher taxes , higher immigration & amp ; fewer jobs . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/Fdynf1xJRv
Does Corbyn want to end freedom of movement or not ? In chaos on his immigration policy . # BBCDebate
RT @ MhancockUK : This # BBCDebate is what a coalition of chaos looks like : no economic plan ; no plan to control immigration ; no plan for Brex…
Point 5 of Theresa May 's Plan for Brexit : controlling immigration . Read our full plan here : https : //t.co/HTdH4D8RB4 https : //t.co/eUXTCakuQA
Leanne Wood and Jeremy Corbyn BOTH back higher immigration . # CoalitionOfChaos # BBCDebate https : //t.co/NAMvDvKrNt
IMPORTANT : again Corbyn refuses to commit to reducing immigration . # BBCDebate
LEAKED DOCUMENT this morning showed Labour want to weaken immigration controls # BBCDebate
Imagine this # coalitionofchaos trying to negotiate Brexit ? # BBCDebate https : //t.co/ibilJLuV2m
RT @ sajidjavid : Lowest claimant count in 45 years and more people in jobs than ever before . All that at risk from Corbyn 's coalition of cha…
Amber Rudd : Corbyn 's # magicmoneytree would mean taxes for hardworking people . # BBCDebate
Corbyn confused on debt and deficit : we ’ ve cut the deficit by three quarters as a share of GDP . # BBCDebate
Corporation tax receipts are at record levels now , while IFS says Corbyn tax hikes would cost jobs and investment . https : //t.co/lEdgvXcSG0
RT @ BrandonLewis : Corbyn does n't even know his facts : Corporation tax payments are now at highest level ever # BBCDebate
Corbyn 's tax hikes would hit businesses and cost jobs # BBCDebate
RT @ DavidGauke : You can only improve living standards with a strong economy # BBCDebate
Only the Conservatives will help businesses across the UK create more jobs - the # coalitionofchaos would hit them with taxes . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/hbXwE0w1sw
RT @ grahamstuart : If Labour lead a coalition with SNP , Greens and Lib Dems we 'll have the highest taxes ever in peacetime . Record borrowing…
Amber Rudd right to attack Corbyn 's # magicmoneytree - there 's a £58bn black hole in his plans # BBCDebate
RT @ GregHands : Amber Rudd rightly reminding us that the amount of Government support for those with disability has risen by £7bn under the…
RT @ JustineGreening : Labour left youth unemployment up by nearly 50 % . No plan for Brexit , a Lab/Lib/SNP coalition of chaos and tax rises , t…
The SNP would also hike income taxes - along with Labour and the Lib Dems # BBCDebate
The IFS are clear : Corbyn 's Labour Party would increase taxes to record peacetime levels , hitting working families # BBCDebate
Corbyn 's priorities ? He did n't mention Brexit once during his opening statement . Only the Conservatives can get the best deal . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/WaiA8gURLp
Labour and the Lib Dems both mentioning tax rises # BBCDebate
Corbyn said just today he would talk to the SNP on 9 June . # BBCDebate # chaos https : //t.co/NYUUKCzV5f
'Jeremy would definitely talk with the SNP ' - Corbyn 's spokesman told journalists ( The Scotsman , 7 Aug 2015 ) # BBCDebate
RT @ trussliz : Amber Rudd highlights vital choice in 8 days - who will be in No 10 ? Theresa May or coalition of chaos # BBCDebate
Amber Rudd clear on the choice : a successful Brexit and a strong economy , or a coalition of chaos with Corbyn . # BBCDebate
Amber Rudd lays out the choice at this election - Theresa May negotiating Brexit or Jeremy Corbyn ? # bbcdebate https : //t.co/KETWuBR3vL
Amber Rudd : who do you want negotiating Brexit for Britain ? Only Theresa May can deliver the best Brexit deal . # BBCDebate https : //t.co/NGDuulpMvI
Remember : Leanne Woods says `` we 'd have to '' keep free movement when we leave the EU # BBCDebate
Tune in to see Amber Rudd debate the Coalition of Chaos tonight # BBCDebate https : //t.co/qBb0x2ej8T
Getting the right Brexit deal for Britain : Corbyn can ’ t . Farron won ’ t . Only Theresa May will . # GE2017 https : //t.co/jQhckTVmI8
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means capping rip-off energy tariffs & amp ; keeping taxes low to help with the cost of living . https : //t.co/7tzWNXQPFB
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing school funding every year , so every child gets the best start in life . https : //t.co/FpiMFvIIzv
11 days after # GE2017 , Brexit negotiations start . Getting Brexit right is central to everything - only Theresa May has a plan & amp ; can deliver . https : //t.co/0NxDsDzbDe
Back Theresa May and her team to get the best Brexit deal for you and your family . Every vote will strengthen her negotiating hand . # GE2017 https : //t.co/dbYkNIfqFc
Your vote at this election will help Theresa May to deliver for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/x5h8uZzJJE
Your choice : Theresa May standing up for a more secure and united Britain or Jeremy Corbyn , who can ’ t even unite his own party . https : //t.co/Ex83rfJLC9
Brexit negotiations starting 11 days after the General Election - who do you want at the table for the UK ? https : //t.co/cQurrzh1D3
Theresa May 's plan for Brexit will return control to Britain . Find out more : https : //t.co/HTdH4CRgJw https : //t.co/gHiDlCMTjS
The choice is clear : Theresa May securing the best Brexit deal , protecting your family ’ s economic security , or Jeremy Corbyn who has no plan https : //t.co/VTFVaKAAZa
To take advantage of the opportunities before us , we need to make a success of Brexit . Theresa May will get the best deal for Britain . https : //t.co/yYEFzt0dWb
RT @ theresa_may : My Plan for Britain will ensure we get the best Brexit deal from Brussels and a more secure , united Britain here at home.…
The choice : Theresa May supporting a strong economy & amp ; helping employers create more better-paid jobs v Corbyn hiking taxes on small business https : //t.co/iOlBgfXmeB
Your vote on 8 June will decide who negotiates the Brexit deal for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . # GE2017 https : //t.co/XnvAAa7Z6H
We need the right Brexit deal for Britain . It will be Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn at the negotiating table , so the stakes are high . # GE2017
RT @ theresa_may : You negotiate the best Brexit deal for Britain from a position of strength-with a PM committed to the cause & amp ; a clear plan…
Your vote will decide who negotiates Brexit 11 days after 8th June . Vote for Theresa May ’ s team and together let ’ s make a success of Brexit . https : //t.co/EJlC5rZa5G
Getting the right Brexit deal for Britain : Corbyn can ’ t . Farron won ’ t . Only Theresa May will . # GE2017 https : //t.co/L08SqcN53b
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing the NHS budget every year , helping families get the care they need . https : //t.co/eGG0zB0EVd
RT @ theresa_may : My plan for Brexit will return control to Britain and allow us to stand tall in the world again . Find out more : https : //t.…
With negotiations with the EU starting just 11 days after # GE2017 , only Theresa May has a plan to deliver the best deal for Brexit . https : //t.co/4ETdIQ6YEv
Your choice : Theresa May capping rip-off energy tariffs & amp ; keeping taxes low , or Corbyn raising taxes to the highest ever peacetime levels . https : //t.co/XGrmUa7xLC
RT @ Patrick4Dales : Great to be with @ PaulJHolmes today , Theresa May 's candidate in Southampton Test . On 8 June vote Conservative to secure…
Jeremy Corbyn could be Prime Minister in just TEN DAYS ’ TIME , in charge of our national security and Brexit negotiations . https : //t.co/3mYsD0DnL8
MUST WATCH : Corbyn fails to answer a basic question on the cost of his childcare policy . It 's clear he 's not up to the job of PM # WomensHour https : //t.co/FjCfi2oLfC
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain means increasing school funding every year , so every child gets the best start in life . https : //t.co/OIEDuFiRBH
8 great reasons to vote Conservative at # GE2017 - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/KPe1pXxVa5
Corbyn has no plan to deliver Brexit , and has already admitted he would give control of our borders and control of our laws back to Brussels https : //t.co/Y0IZblcHvq
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain and a strong economy means a more secure and united country . https : //t.co/ttyScewW3V https : //t.co/7POfjj5Quy
If we seize the opportunities ahead , and get Brexit right , we can build a stronger , fairer and more prosperous Britain . https : //t.co/jeJqrtGBHE
Last night 's # BattleForNumber10 showed that only Theresa May can negotiate the best Brexit deal for Britain . https : //t.co/X6JlrMPF0N
RT @ JamesCleverly : Jeremy Corbyn was a man hiding from his past with no plan for the future . # BattleForNumber10 # MayvCorbyn
Tonight showed this 'bloody difficult woman ' is the only candidate who can get the best Brexit deal for Britain . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/S2VqDAsIgj
Strong performance from Theresa May . Clear that she 's the best person to be negotiating Brexit for Britain . # BattleForNumber10
Theresa May : no deal is better than a bad deal . # BattleForNumber10
The Conservatives believe immigration should be reduced . Jeremy Corbyn could n't commit to reducing immigration . # BattleForNumber10
Only Theresa May can and will get the best Brexit deal for Britain . The other parties want to frustrate Brexit . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/fkoiRbikuP
Theresa May is clear about delivering Brexit and getting the best deal for Britain . # BattleForNumber10
Getting the best Brexit deal is crucial to our nation 's future - and only Theresa May can get the right deal for Britain . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/7tRiwdy7zv
RT @ BorisJohnson : Only the PM can get the best Brexit deal # BattleForNumber10
Theresa May has set out a clear plan for Brexit - to get control of our borders and protect our security : https : //t.co/8QXwibnpjV
Who do you want in charge of Brexit - Jeremy Corbyn or 'a bloody difficult woman ' ? # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/2NWVBrfPVH
The British people have voted . Now it 's about who will get the best Brexit deal for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn # BattleForNumber10
With some of the most important negotiations in our history coming up , it 's important to be `` a bloody difficult woman '' # BattleForNumber10
The only way to get a strong NHS is with a strong economy - and that means getting the Brexit deal right # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/FKIC3W0Eye
TM : We can only get a strong NHS with a strong economy . # BattleForNumber10
Brexit is central to everything - that 's why it 's vital to back Theresa May to get the best deal possible . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/VJECY2MKmq
Brexit negotiations starting 11 days after the General Election - who do you want at the table for the UK ? https : //t.co/gg5o1lRxEF
Read more about Theresa May 's plan for Brexit : https : //t.co/8QXwibnpjV # BattleForNumber10
Theresa May will get the best Brexit deal for Britain . Do n't risk Corbyn in charge of Brexit . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/bAflq8FLJY
RT @ trussliz : 1.8 million more children in good and outstanding schools . Funding going up - important that is is fairly distributed. # Battle…
More funding for schools to give every child the best start in life - only with Theresa May and the Conservatives # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/j1QCmVQaGe
School funding is at a record high with the Conservatives - and we 'll increase it by a further £4bn # BattleForNumber10
With the Conservatives , money from the Winter Fuel Payment will go into the health and social care system # BattleForNumber10
RT @ BorisJohnson : Strong , clear and honest answer on social care from the PM - don ’ t listen to Corbyn ’ s scare campaign # BattleForNumber10
The Conservatives will continue to provide the Winter Fuel Payment for the poorest pensioners who need it # BattleForNumber10
Our plan for social care replaces an existing system where people often get poor quality care : https : //t.co/Qcn5nxTDSA # BattleForNumber10
Ignore Corbyn 's scare stories . The full facts on our social care plans are here : https : //t.co/Qcn5nxTDSA # BattleForNumber10
RT @ trussliz : Crime came down under Theresa May as Home Secretary . Her reforms ensured money was spent better. # BattleForNumber10
RT @ BorisJohnson : Strong opener from the PM # BattleForNumber10
The Conservatives have given our security services more powers to keep us safe . Corbyn opposes anti-terrorism laws # BattleForNumber10
In contrast to Corbyn , Theresa May provides a detailed , strong answer to the first question she 's asked . # BattleForNumber10
Theresa May has protected police spending and crime is down . Corbyn 's team wanted to cut police spending # BattleForNumber10
Jeremy Corbyn tries to make an excuse for his past . But he ca n't hide from what he 's said on terrorism : https : //t.co/h04TwzVd8R
Despite what he says 10 days from # GE2017 , it 's his record over the last 35 years that counts . # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn being held up on his record on the # BattleForNumber10 over Trident , the Falklands , the IRA and the monarchy .
Corbyn in the # BattleForNumber10 - wo n't commit to reducing immigration , wo n't commit to using Trident . Not fit to be Prime Minister . https : //t.co/EV3h11EE3y
The Brexit negotiations look set to start 11 days after the election . Do n't risk Corbyn in charge of Brexit . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/OEAhc0121q
If he ca n't even convince his Party , how can he lead the country ? # BattleForNumber10
Jeremy Corbyn 's choice for Chancellor : https : //t.co/CqZYI9MfPs
Jeremy Corbyn said he wanted to see `` more cuts '' to the armed forces . He ca n't keep Britain safe . # BattleForNumber10
# BattleForNumber10 Corbyn 's views on Trident : https : //t.co/IqXJ2ZdzUE
Corbyn would drag Britain back to the 1970s with his manifesto . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/hTjiUXgL1v
Jeremy Corbyn ca n't even lead his own Party . How could he lead the country ? # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn claims the Labour manifesto was written by him - but it will be paid for by you # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/C9ozOq0Nut
He won ’ t say whether he would be prepared to use Trident . He could be PM in 11 DAYS ’ TIME . Some of his other views on defence : https : //t.co/VzzgXdS63Y
RT @ AWMurrison : Jezza just dodged vitally important question on use of nuclear deterrent . This guy just is n't credible . # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn : refused to say whether he 'd reduce immigration , refused to say whether he 'd use Trident # BattleForNumber10
What we 've learnt so far : Corbyn still refuses to confirm whether he 'd be prepared to use Trident . # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn refusing to back Trident . The choice is clear at # GE2017 https : //t.co/Kn4zkvwdgx
`` No more nuclear weapons '' - Jeremy Corbyn : https : //t.co/1bBVQOkeoh
RT @ MhancockUK : Jeremy Corbyn 's answer to question about small business shows he does n't understand business # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn ’ s corporation tax hikes would hit small businesses - and it would hit working families # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn would hike taxes to the highest ever peacetime levels , putting your family 's economic security at risk . https : //t.co/lOF1X4XFq5
Only Theresa May will get the best deal for Britain on Brexit # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/3Qmp6MsRlV
What we 've learnt so far : Jeremy Corbyn does n't `` want to be held '' to cutting immigration # BattleForNumber10
RT @ JamesCleverly : Immigration , up ? Down ? What ? Corbyn all over the place on this . # BattleForNumber10
No commitment to reduce immigration from Jeremy Corbyn - important . # BattleForNumber10
Independent think tank Migration Watch says immigration could soar under Corbyn . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/KYrxWSpB9R
Corbyn is ‘ not concerned about numbers ’ when it comes to immigration , says his spokesman ( Daily Mirror , 27 Sept 2016 ) # BattleForNumber10
IMPORTANT : Jeremy Corbyn refuses to commit to reducing immigration # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn refused 7 times to say whether Britain would leave the EU if he was PM . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/kxqj54Odzn
Corbyn 's manifesto would mean more waste and higher taxes for working people . # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/OIifyrUAQ2
Jeremy Corbyn 's quotes on the IRA speak for themselves # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/TU9FE97wgU
Corbyn met convicted IRA terrorists Linda Quigley and Gerard McLoughlin in Parliament in October 1984 at his invitation # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn : `` I ’ m happy to commemorate all those who died fighting for an independent Ireland '' ( May 1987 ) # BattleForNumber10
The RAF is bombing ISIS in Syria and Iraq . If Corbyn was Prime Minister , would he continue with that ? # BattleForNumber10
Corbyn said we should not `` make value judgements '' about people who support ISIS ( 15 December 2014 , Hansard )
Corbyn boasted : ‘ I ’ ve been involved in opposing anti-terror legislation ever since I first went into Parliament in 1983 ’ # BattleForNumber10
The Brexit negotiations look set to begin 11 days after the election - it 's clear you ca n't risk it with Corbyn # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/2NPkyGKRGb
Getting Brexit right is central to everything - and only Theresa May can and will get the best deal for Britain # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/U3DRYfyYiI
Theresa May 's plan for a Stronger Britain means more secure , better-paid jobs - and more economic security # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/2e61zbrJDb
# BattleForNumber10 Your choice on strong defence at this election : https : //t.co/bfFU1lSKbg
Vote Conservative to strengthen Theresa May 's hand in the Brexit negotiations - and get the best deal for Britain # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/SNHreghKHS
The choice : strong and stable leadership with Theresa May - or Jeremy Corbyn propped up by the SNP and the Lib Dems # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/i9IVOGJEYO
The choice at this election : the best Brexit deal with Theresa May or a Brexit shambles with Corbyn # BattleForNumber10 https : //t.co/pUoLwW77Gx
Brexit negotiations with the EU look set to begin just 11 days after # GE2017 . Who do you want negotiating : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn ? https : //t.co/REb7YoaFQf
What this election is about : strong and stable leadership in the national interest with Theresa May and the Conservatives . # GE2017 https : //t.co/opSpr5OqhR
RT @ theresa_may : With your support , I can get the best Brexit deal – and deliver my plan for a stronger Britain . https : //t.co/hVRz4659D9
Back Theresa May and her team to deliver strong and stable leadership for Britain . # GE2017 https : //t.co/vUHq1YfQHp
Respected independent think tank Migration Watch have said it ’ s clear Corbyn has ‘ little desire to reduce present levels of immigration . ' https : //t.co/8oosRnZMD2
Your vote at this election will help Theresa May to deliver for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/Ls8atHQtA9
The choice at # GE2017 is clear : low taxes with Theresa May or higher taxes with Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/j7tvdjGBut
RT @ theresa_may : If elected on 8 June , I will appoint a Domestic Violence Commissioner , to stand up for victims and survivors . https : //t.co…
Back Theresa May and her team , so she can deliver her plan for a stronger Britain . Don ’ t risk Corbyn in charge of Brexit – and our country . https : //t.co/Ul91avjmJO
The EU wants to start Brexit negotiations 11 days after # GE2017 . Your vote decides who negotiates for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/JWJ1CXkatA
Theresa May ’ s Plan for a Stronger Britain & amp ; a strong economy means helping businesses create more , better-paid jobs https : //t.co/ttyScewW3V https : //t.co/IGifF4TtO6
RETWEET to show you ’ re standing with Theresa May for strong and stable leadership in the national interest . # GE2017 https : //t.co/dpd7p0kWJn
8 great reasons to # VoteConservative at # GE2017 - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . https : //t.co/kvbowmOQZw
GET INVOLVED : Join our campaign for the strong and stable leadership Britain needs : https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/dZYKZ9Oudc
RT @ theresa_may : Fantastic to meet members of the congregation @ jesushouseuk , one of the most lively growing churches in the UK . https : //t.…
If the Conservatives lose just 6 seats there will be the # chaos of a hung parliament with Corbyn as PM & amp ; Diane Abbott Home Secretary . https : //t.co/Xv7hYWJ7aH
Nicola Sturgeon confirms to @ afneil that she would prop up a `` progressive alliance '' in a coalition of # chaos under Corbyn . Do n't risk it . https : //t.co/QJFzZLR8sy
Your vote on 8 June will decide who negotiates the Brexit deal for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/xUOAY716Al
The choice : Theresa May supporting a strong economy & amp ; helping employers create more better-paid jobs v Corbyn hiking taxes on small business https : //t.co/SH0x6vHky5
If we seize the opportunities ahead , and get Brexit right , we can build a stronger , fairer and more prosperous Britain . https : //t.co/eRMJixQiuA
Getting the Brexit deal right is vital to your family ’ s economic security - now and for the future . # GE2017 https : //t.co/cqTZqWmbF2
The EU want Brexit negotiations to start 11 days after # GE2017 . Your vote decides who negotiates for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/oUyw2pB1zH
8 great reasons to vote Conservative - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . # GE2017 https : //t.co/IFSAKlt84a
Back Theresa May and her team , so she can deliver her plan for a stronger Britain . Don ’ t risk Corbyn in charge of Brexit – and our country . https : //t.co/6eSApBezdf
RT @ theresa_may : The choice is clear : who do you trust to get the best deal for Brexit & amp ; protect our security – me or Jeremy Corbyn ? https : …
Getting the right Brexit deal for Britain : Corbyn can ’ t . Farron won ’ t . Only Theresa May will . # GE2017 https : //t.co/XAtR3uK0Jj
Either Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn will be leading Britain 's Brexit negotiations – who do you trust to get the best deal for Brexit ? https : //t.co/IelMuwWVLm
RT @ James4NNorfolk : I 'm the only candidate in North Norfolk who backs Brexit and Theresa May 's plan to deliver it . Negotiations start 11 da…
Back Theresa May and her team to get the best Brexit deal for you and your family . Every vote will strengthen her negotiating hand . # GE2017 https : //t.co/kzW8mDqMGq
We need the right Brexit deal for Britain . It will be Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn at the negotiating table , so the stakes are high . # GE2017 https : //t.co/kMRWZOwtgW
8 great reasons to vote Conservative - from getting the best Brexit deal to more housing and more funding for schools and health . # GE2017 https : //t.co/9PNvWG2akO
Vote for Theresa May and her team on 8 June to give her a strong hand in Brexit negotiations , so she can deliver for Britain . https : //t.co/9HOAi6RWUK
Back Theresa May and her team , so she can deliver her plan for a stronger Britain . Don ’ t risk Corbyn in charge of Brexit – and our country . https : //t.co/Gb3jJ9S1l3
The choice is clear : low taxes with Theresa May or higher taxes with Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/WJuPZFtnh9
RT @ Michael_Ellis1 : Many thanks to all the # TeamEllis canvassers in Northampton North ! Great results on the doorsteps ! @ Conservatives https…
RT @ jamiegreeneUK : That 's what 28,000 leaflets looks like ! Great turnout for @ PM4EastRen this morning . Only the @ ScotTories can win here # e…
RT @ ProfTomkins : No other party putting anything like this effort into East Ren : 5 MSPs & amp ; dozens of cllrs & amp ; activists working to get @ PM4Ea…
RT @ RossThomsonMSP : Lots of labour voters switching to @ ScotTories in Kincorth this afternoon to stop the SNP in # AberdeenSouth # No2IndyRef…
RT @ Nus_Ghani : Out & amp ; about discussing the importance of a strong economy , security & amp ; local jobs with residents & amp ; businesses across Wealden.…
RT @ Caroline4Luton : Great vibrant team of supporters # GE2017 Luton North Sundon Park strong & amp ; stable @ Conservatives @ theresa_may voting con…
Your vote at this election will help Theresa May to deliver for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/c6E1yNhiRR
RT @ OliverHealdUK : At Letchworth Food Fair with team meeting voters . https : //t.co/uQDRlDFquz
RT @ paulratner : Great to be out campaigning for the Conservatives in the Hampstead sunshine - only 12 days until polling day ! https : //t.co/…
RT @ BorisJohnson : A lovely sunny day with the wonderful people of Uxbridge and South Ruislip . Have a great bank holiday weekend all ! https : …
RT @ cllrbartington : Lovely afternoon speaking to postal voters in Risinghurst - excellent support for @ OxfordCityTory # OxfordEast # GE2017…
RT @ JBrokenshire : Campaigning with @ DavidEvennett & amp ; @ GarethBaconAM in Welling earlier . Good support for Theresa May 's leadership to deliver…
RT @ Byron_Davies : Great teams out across Gower today , knocking on doors and talking to residents about our positive vision for Gower . https…
RT @ billvrees : Great support on the doorstep in Trowbridge # cardiff Lots of former labour voters preferring Theresa May to Corbyn @ WelshCon…
RT @ James4NNorfolk : Busy day canvassing across North Norfolk.Strong support in my home town 4 my plan to get better deal 4 North Walsham ht…
RT @ ZoeKirkRobinson : We are out in force in # Attherton this afternoon , campaigning for @ CGreenUK and the @ Conservatives . # StrongAndStable h…
RT @ LGBTCons : Our @ LGBTCons supporters have been out in Newcastle-under-Lyme today supporting the area 's next MP , @ owenlmeredith . https : //t…
RT @ DanWatkins : And another mean machine spotted by our # Tooting Broadway team ! We 're out all weekend so pls join us if you can # Dan4Tootin…
RT @ MarkVivis : Big thanks guys ! @ Tim_Patmore @ markb_gt Lots of support in # Slough today @ Conservatives # GE2017 https : //t.co/zkTK9vKwA2
RT @ OxfordCityTory : Helping out in # Slough for our excellent @ Conservatives PPC @ MarkVivis
With @ markb_gt and @ Tim_Patmore
# GeneralElecti…
RT @ benpolitics : Housing zone behind Crane St being made shovel ready thanks to @ Conservatives investment . https : //t.co/yzFRRdEBVt
The EU wants to start Brexit negotiations 11 days after # GE2017 . Your vote decides who negotiates for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/R09U9FnHzp
RT @ MarkPawsey : Fantastic @ RugbyTory team in Admirals & amp ; Cawston this morning talking to local residents on their doorsteps https : //t.co/P5e…
RT @ DavidMundellDCT : Celebrating my birthday on Annan High St this morning https : //t.co/f4qNC33qPJ
RT @ GilesWatling : Delighted to have Geoffrey Van Orden and wife Fanny on the sunny streets of Point Clear with me # Clacton https : //t.co/MY9…
RT @ NickyMorgan01 : Great to be back campaigning in the market - lots of pledges of support & amp ; many postal voters who tell me they 've already…
RT @ OliverCooper : Conservative team out in Hampstead this morning : enjoying the sweltering heat and talking to residents about the choice o…
RT @ PeterTFortune : Thanks to all who helped this morning ! Top teams in # Catford # Blackheath and # Grovepark # lewisham https : //t.co/L3uhnFwuQM
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Canvass team one on the case . Fantastic work people . # GE2017 @ IanDuncanMEP Perth & amp ; North Perthshire . https : //t.co/sGj0…
RT @ Lee4NED : Bit of a rainy start in Dronfield this morning - but straight out to talk to residents nonetheless ! https : //t.co/38WYaMr8sh
RT @ MarkVivis : Thanks for your support today in # Slough @ edvaizey @ Conservatives positive message is welcomed @ theresa_may # GE2017 https : //…
RT @ ErdingtonTories : Thank you to everyone out yet again this morning . More and more voters moving to @ Conservatives to deliver brexit and…
What this election is about : strong and stable leadership in the national interest with Theresa May and the Conservatives . # GE2017 https : //t.co/cQQGc6vwmB
Back Theresa May and her team to deliver strong and stable leadership for Britain . # GE2017 https : //t.co/ucYl9gXBBz
RT @ Royston_Smith : Great to see continued support from @ FarehamWoodward and my friends from Fareham . https : //t.co/pbSB3FavKo
RT @ JohnnyMercerUK : Weather still not great after a beautiful storm last night , but teams out all over # Plymouth today . 12 days to go . http…
RT @ DamianGreen : Starting early this weekend in Ashford . https : //t.co/bHiHltcOcj
RT @ DavidTCDavies : Hitting the streets of # Chepstow Town Centre this morning , talking about # SevernTolls & amp ; other # Monmouth constituency iss…
Theresa May is the only leader who can provide strong and stable leadership for the UK through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/5kCpFbuMpV
RT @ SeftCenCA : Back in Maghull standing up for Britain . # VoteConservative https : //t.co/N4l8Nc6Ca3
RETWEET to show you ’ re standing with Theresa May for strong and stable leadership in the national interest . # GE2017 https : //t.co/PZKHhoau2s
Back Theresa May & amp ; her team on 8 June to give her a strong hand in Brexit negotiations , so she can deliver her plan https : //t.co/TP9OtAaIVK
GET INVOLVED : Join our campaign for the strong and stable leadership Britain needs : https : //t.co/iHU3gFuV3b https : //t.co/xGf33rKOvY
On June 9th , this man could be Prime Minister . We can ’ t let that happen . SHARE this with as many people as possible to ensure it never does . https : //t.co/ytlxV8ie32
RT @ theresa_may : The EU wants to start Brexit negotiations 11 days after the Election . Your vote will decide who negotiates for Britain : me…
Rattled Corbyn refused to answer any questions , two weeks before standing to be Prime Minister # bbcelection
Corbyn ca n't even lead his own MPs . # bbcelection https : //t.co/8O7rCLLJE1
Three quarters of Corbyn ’ s own MPs don ’ t back him - how could be begin to negotiate Brexit for Britain # bbcelection
Jeremy Corbyn wo n't answer straight questions on immigration , security , the economy . He 's not fit to lead our country . # bbcelection
Corbyn negotiating our Brexit deal is too big a risk to take . Only Theresa May can get the right deal for Britain . https : //t.co/vScDgTAgWz
This election IS about a choice : who will get the best Brexit deal for Britain . # bbcelection https : //t.co/H9tph4BNOG
The IFS say Corbyn ’ s ‘ proposed plan for paying for this expansion in state activity would not work ’ # BBCelection
The IFS says Corbyn 's plans would hike taxes to the highest ever peacetime levels . # bbcelection https : //t.co/xn0opjYLlQ
RT @ ShippersUnbound : Corbyn so far : wo n't distance himself from the IRA , wo n't embrace Nato . Surreal to watch
Jeremy Corbyn refuses to back Trident – the ultimate guarantee of our security # bbcelection
Corbyn not answering the question . Hiding behind his Party . If he ca n't lead his Party , how can he lead the country ? # bbcelection
Corbyn refusing to support renewing Trident , clear he ’ s too big a risk to take with our security . # bbcelection https : //t.co/z1OC080Kyt
RT @ DavidGauke : Jeremy Corbyn more enthusiastic about the IRA than NATO .
Jeremy Corbyn wo n't support NATO and has said in the past that we should close it down . # bbcelection https : //t.co/WvnKBzf0mO
Jeremy Corbyn wo n't support NATO . He said before we should 'close it down ' . # bbcelection
RT @ DavidGauke : Extraordinary that the leader of one of our major political parties ca n't distance himself from the IRA .
Corbyn boasted in 2011 of voting against every piece of anti-terror legislation since 1983 .
McDonnell : `` It was the bombs and bullets and sacrifice made by the likes of Bobby Sands that brought Britain to the negotiating table . ''
John McDonnell , Corbyn 's Shadow Chancellor : `` The peace we have now is due to the action of the IRA '' # bbcelection
This is what Corbyn said in 1987 : ‘ I ’ m happy to commemorate all those who died fighting for an independent Ireland ’ # bbcelection
Jeremy Corbyn has a long record of siding with Britain 's enemies # bbcelection
There can be no excuse for terrorism . Jeremy Corbyn just isn ’ t up to being Prime Minister . # BBCelection
Your vote at # GE2017 will help Theresa May to deliver for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/xGSRGa5ntL
GET INVOLVED : Join our campaign for the strong and stable leadership Britain needs : https : //t.co/iH9pnyJApy https : //t.co/XJggBVXkHN
Either Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn will be leading Britain 's Brexit negotiations – who do you trust to get the best deal for Brexit ? https : //t.co/QB4K2ZyIGa
The EU want Brexit negotiations to start 11 days after # GE2017 . Your vote decides who negotiates for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/VjAqLu2U28
Give Theresa May and her team your backing to deliver for Britain and for you , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/W4r16jL4TL
Getting the Brexit deal right is vital to your family ’ s economic security - now and for the future . # GE2017 https : //t.co/cPCS5ZwPRG
If we seize the opportunities ahead , and get Brexit right , we can build a stronger , fairer and more prosperous Britain . https : //t.co/KcePUta1e1
A strong military is only possible with a strong economy & amp ; Corbyn would put both at risk . Support Theresa May for strong , stable leadership . https : //t.co/A0VrCxGLKX
OFFICIAL : Respected economic think tank the IFS says Corbyn would raise your taxes to the highest ever peacetime levels . Don ’ t risk it . https : //t.co/r2ZAnS3Pgr
We need the right Brexit deal for Britain . It will be Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn at the negotiating table , so the stakes are high . # GE2017 https : //t.co/ZqdJkQoEUg
Getting the right Brexit deal for Britain : Corbyn can ’ t . Farron won ’ t . Only Theresa May will . # GE2017 https : //t.co/3Sm7VwsC0l
Your vote on 8 June will decide who negotiates the Brexit deal for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/blxAq4LIac
Back Theresa May and her team to get the best Brexit deal for you and your family . Every vote will strengthen her negotiating hand . # GE2017 https : //t.co/JyVRARrNOo
RT @ theresa_may : We all – every single one of us – stand with the people of Manchester at this terrible time . https : //t.co/vMTwaBbncl
https : //t.co/u2xIupLNP6
RT @ theresa_may : The choice facing the British public on 8th June is clear : who do you trust to get the best deal for Brexit – me or Jeremy…
RT @ BorisJohnson : Strong performance by PM @ theresa_may w/ @ afneil . There are 17 days to polling day – let ’ s back her to get Brexit right an…
RT @ PhilipHammondUK : We ’ ve got a plan to deal with the deficit . Corbyn would put our economy at risk again with higher taxes and more debt…
Your vote on 8 June will decide who negotiates the Brexit deal for Britain : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn # bbcelection https : //t.co/zZlGwNRvuu
RT @ patel4witham : Conservatives in Government have got more people in work & amp ; introduced the National Living Wage , boosting pay for 1.7 mill…
Corbyn thinks the last Labour government ‘ spent too little. ’ Don ’ t risk our economy with him and the coalition of chaos # bbcelection
Corbyn doesn ’ t even want to control our borders , but he could be in charge of the Brexit negotiations in less than three weeks # bbcelection https : //t.co/SFjtNwQrJ8
Brexit gives us an opportunity to get control of our borders , but only if we get the negotiations right # bbcelection
Corbyn in charge of our economy would mean chaos - hitting pensioners and meaning tax rises and fewer jobs # bbcelection
Our National Living Wages means a wage boost for 1.7 million – and keeping our economy strong will see wages continue to rise
The choice is clear : low taxes with Theresa May or higher taxes with Jeremy Corbyn https : //t.co/Tq82CqIPEH
RT @ BorisJohnson : PM @ theresa_may gets it spot on - there ’ s a £58 billion black hole in Corbyn ’ s manifesto that you ’ ll pay for with higher…
The £58 billion black hole in Corbyn ’ s shambolic manifesto means he can not deliver anything https : //t.co/pXXe2ZjU4c
With Jeremy Corbyn in charge of the Brexit negotiations , we wouldn ’ t have the strong economy we need to put more money into the NHS
With Theresa May we ’ ll be able to increase NHS funding by £8 billion
Theresa May tackles the fake claims against our social care policy - and sets the record straight on how we 'll strengthen social care . https : //t.co/paBeJjbJ69
RT @ BorisJohnson : Strong and clear from the Prime Minister @ theresa_may on social care - so older people do n't have to worry about cost of…
There will be two million more people over 75 in the next 10 years - we to have a plan to deal with that challenge
Theresa May : We ’ ll protect £100,000 of people ’ s savings so they get the care they need and have something to pass on
We are the only party with a plan to face up to the reality of our ageing society and offer a long-term solution https : //t.co/f977za076A
Your vote on 8 June will decide who negotiates for Britain in Brussels : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn https : //t.co/WnOwOgsKdO
Tightening polls underline the risks ahead – the stakes are high and the choice is clear https : //t.co/jwyJIwyAHY
Getting the right Brexit deal for Britain : Corbyn can ’ t . Farron won ’ t . Only Theresa May will . # GE2017 https : //t.co/bFSj10Vpqp
Your vote at # GE2017 will help Theresa May to deliver for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/ArtLJh4uWm
RT @ theresa_may : I want to put an end to Jeremy Corbyn ’ s fake claims : my manifesto is honest about our challenges and will strengthen the s…
Jeremy Corbyn negotiating our Brexit deal is too big a risk to take . Only Theresa May can get the right deal for Britain . https : //t.co/2eqJwdifD6
Your choice at # GE2017 : a leader who supports our armed forces or one who wants to abolish them ? Corbyn and your security is too big a risk . https : //t.co/9bwiv3f0rS
A vote for Theresa May and her team on 8 June will create a stronger Britain : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zzJMn https : //t.co/2ENPby2BL1
We are proposing the right funding model for social care and will ensure nobody has to sell their home to pay for care . https : //t.co/AOGOZPvUX9
Getting the right Brexit deal for Britain : Corbyn can ’ t . Farron won ’ t . Only Theresa May will . # GE2017 https : //t.co/3B5KdcBkCq
RT @ theresa_may : We need the right Brexit deal for Britain . It will be me or Jeremy Corbyn at the negotiating table , so the stakes at # GE20…
Theresa May - Today I want to put an end to Jeremy Corbyn ’ s fake claims and clarify any doubts about our social care policy : https : //t.co/ngNI8VHc6C
Our manifesto offers a clear plan to meet the big challenges we face together , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/51ipMbhGMC
A strong military is only possible with a strong economy & amp ; Corbyn would put both at risk . Support Theresa May for strong , stable leadership . https : //t.co/kslszSwHe5
Back Theresa May & amp ; her team on 8 June to give her
a strong hand in Brexit negotiations , so she can deliver her plan https : //t.co/TP9OtAaIVK https : //t.co/MIr8wWOH8E
Theresa May : I will ensure our brave men and women have the equipment and resources they need to keep our country safe . https : //t.co/y3RhmUAi4s
Jeremy Corbyn ’ s numbers simply don ’ t add up and he can ’ t be trusted to run the economy or negotiate the right Brexit deal for Britain . https : //t.co/n2LLpcwi6F
GET INVOLVED : Join our campaign for the strong and stable leadership Britain needs : https : //t.co/iH9pnyrZ0Y https : //t.co/nrxfK9uvnR
Do n't risk a coalition of # chaos propping up Jeremy Corbyn . https : //t.co/jEtTHpivxf
ICYMI - What Corbyn in No10 means : higher taxes , more debt , economic # chaos . Don ’ t risk the economic security of your family . https : //t.co/3BKCpO1oSw
RT @ theresa_may : I enjoyed helping on the cake stall at the Maidenhead Lions fun day , a great organisation that brings communities together…
RT @ theresa_may : The # GreatGetTogether is a brilliant initiative in honour of Jo Cox , who was an inspirational campaigner and Member of Par…
Who do you want negotiating our Brexit deal : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn and a coalition of chaos ? https : //t.co/kMmVa6O1Si
If we seize the opportunities ahead , and get Brexit right , we can build a stronger , fairer and more prosperous Britain https : //t.co/V65JCmYd8w
Jeremy Corbyn negotiating our Brexit deal is too big a risk to take . Only Theresa May can get the right deal for Britain . https : //t.co/6rrvuVAvBA
Only Theresa May can get the right deal for the UK in the Brexit negotiations . Every vote will strengthen her hand . https : //t.co/ccm9MLat8m
The choice at this election : strong , stable leadership with Theresa May , or a coalition of # chaos hitting our economic security . https : //t.co/TuIM1kKr2S
Corbyn signals sky-high immigration would continue under Labour : https : //t.co/YxQ5TksyU9
More debt , higher taxes and economic # chaos . Don ’ t risk your family ’ s economic security with Jeremy Corbyn . # GE2017 https : //t.co/ZgMfbuEot5
Your vote at # GE2017 will help Theresa May to deliver for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/0szK8Bf6Of
RETWEET to show you ’ re standing with Theresa May for strong and stable leadership in the national interest . # GE2017 https : //t.co/gqDNbnZ8TE
RT @ BackBarwell : Great to have the # BackBarwell2017 team out again helping campaign in # Croydon Central ! Thank you everyone ! # GE2017 https : …
RT @ IainMcGill : Another Sunday , another day that # teamruth are rocking Stockbridge , Edinburgh North & amp ; Leith going blue stop by and see us # …
Corbyn 's comrades would wreck our economy and create # chaos for families across the UK . Only a vote for Theresa May can stop them . https : //t.co/z0Qgzl2aU4
Corbyn in No10 : higher taxes , more debt , economic # chaos . Don ’ t risk the economic security of your family . https : //t.co/B2LME27F2y
Every vote for @ theresa_may ’ s team will strengthen her hand at the Brexit negotiations to get the best deal for your family . # GE2017 https : //t.co/NaRRKBqXSr
Corbyn ’ s Shadow Chancellor is a Marxist . Don ’ t risk the economic security of your family with higher taxes , more debt , economic # chaos . https : //t.co/Ba7W3VUCBE
It 's clear : Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell want to drag the UK backwards and would bankrupt Britain . https : //t.co/6VRVy6l7wK
Trust Corbyn with Brexit ? You must be joking , says @ BorisJohnson : https : //t.co/IHTbRjppm9 https : //t.co/1qnypfeH6K
There 's a £58 billion black hole in Corbyn ’ s manifesto – it will be paid for by every single family in the UK with higher taxes & amp ; more debt . https : //t.co/j85VLzWxGV
The Brexit negotiations will start right after the election - do n't risk Jeremy Corbyn in charge of Brexit . https : //t.co/AIyHDWUMJ2
A vote for Theresa May and her team on 8 June will create a stronger Britain : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/O2LNohQx6S
RT @ EpsomEwellCA : Chris Grayling was out meeting local residents in Nork & amp ; Tattenhams this afternoon as part of our General Election campai…
RT @ James4NNorfolk : Great support in Wells from @ KeithSimpsonMP , Baroness Shephard and team # betterdealfornorthnorfolk @ ge2017 https : //t.co…
RT @ vickyford : Many helping hands for the @ Conservatives team in # Chelmsford today - thanks all ! https : //t.co/7p1EQlb440
The Brexit negotiations will start right after the election - do n't risk Jeremy Corbyn in charge of Brexit . https : //t.co/fMyqO9qkHe
Who do you want negotiating our Brexit deal : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn and a coalition of chaos ? https : //t.co/hdkoJFjVVn
RT @ CllrGaryRidley : Great response from residents in my ward this morn woodlands leaning firmly towards @ ReshamKotecha @ CVConservatives htt…
RT @ BR1Michael : Great to be out in Eltham again , supporting Matt Hartley and strong and stable leadership ! @ MattHartley100 @ Conservatives h…
RT @ NewportTories : Great support for @ AJonesEvans in the Gaer and Maesglas this morning . Not even the rain could dampen our spirit ! ☔️ @ matt…
RT @ SeemaKennedy : Thanks to @ TomTugendhat & amp ; my fantastic @ SRConservatives team in # Banks today . We beat the rain ! Great support for the @ Co…
RT @ lauraknightly : Not letting the rain dampen our enthusiasm for the @ Conservatives campaign in Alyn & amp ; Deeside # GE2017 https : //t.co/ziHYBP…
RT @ sajidjavid : Thanks to all those that braved the rain this morning and stopped to chat on # Bromgrove High Street # GE2017 Vote @ Conservat…
Our manifesto offers a clear plan to meet the big challenges we face together , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/0Y3t83QrFO
RT @ GregHands : Great team with @ MaryMacleodUK working hard on Chiswick High Road . Including @ maxwellwoodger @ danielmgmoylan @ AFosterSW5 . # V…
They ca n't add up , ca n't answer basic questions and ca n't deliver for Britain - Corbyn 's team are a shambles . RETWEET https : //t.co/cgTyiqD2Rq
RT @ RuthDavidsonMSP : Doh . Early start 's scrambled my brain . Now off to Edinburgh South WEST with @ MilesBriggsMSP - three teams out and work…
RT @ JohnnyMercerUK : Great to be out with teams of @ Conservatives across # Plymouth this morning knocking on doors and listening to you . http…
RT @ MaryRobinson01 : Great team out this morning talking to residents , delivering leaflets and standing with @ theresa_may # ForwardTogether o…
RT @ DanWatkins : Lots of teams out in # Balham this morning . Talking to residents re our pledges for extra funding for local schools & amp ; NHS ht…
RT @ DavidTCDavies : Following another great week of leaflet delivery all over the # Monmouth constituency , I 'm out with members of my top tea…
RT @ lucyallan : Lovely to have big supportive team out today @ Conservatives @ theresa_may # Telford - thank you . https : //t.co/qH0dhJwy4A
RT @ pauljholmes : Great to have @ kitmalthouse and helpers from NW Hampshire in Southampton today talking to local residents about my plan fo…
RT @ HannahDavid_HW : Thank you @ DLidington , @ AylesburyTories everyone who came out today in support ! I believe we can # FinishTheJob & amp ; make # …
RT @ MariaMillerUK : Team campaigning in Brookvale-thanks to residents who stopped to express support for @ Conservatives & amp ; @ theresa_may https…
RT @ theresa_may : If I lose just six seats I will lose this election and Jeremy Corbyn will be sitting down to negotiate with Europe : https : …
GET INVOLVED : Join our campaign for the strong and stable leadership Britain needs : https : //t.co/iH9pnyrZ0Y https : //t.co/PHauLm1ZTR
Theresa May : For Britain to succeed , we need to unleash the ability of every person . https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/YFHkfKlXdV
WATCH : Your vote will decide between lower taxes for working people with Theresa May , or higher taxes with Jeremy Corbyn . Do n't risk it . https : //t.co/xbl26X6lAU
If we get Brexit right , we can use this moment of change to build a stronger , fairer , more prosperous Britain : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zzJMn https : //t.co/NavAotpavR
Theresa May : I will ensure our brave men and women have the equipment and resources they need to keep our country safe . https : //t.co/WQBGEp75BM
Letting Jeremy Corbyn negotiate our Brexit deal ? It ’ s too big a risk to take . # chaos https : //t.co/U1tPyYnmcu
WATCH : Your vote will decide between a strong economy with Theresa May , or more debt , borrowing & amp ; waste with Jeremy Corbyn . Do n't risk it . https : //t.co/BL9ARgtqpY
Back Theresa May and her team to deliver strong and stable leadership for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . # GE2017 https : //t.co/9DUoTZdj7i
There 's a £58 billion black hole in Corbyn ’ s manifesto – it will be paid for by every single family in the UK with higher taxes & amp ; more debt . https : //t.co/JlGHCehqJL
The # GE2017 campaign has made clear that Labour lack the basic competence to govern . Only Theresa May can deliver strong , stable leadership https : //t.co/ZeTKvtU9qC
RT @ theresa_may : Great to be in Edinburgh today with @ RuthDavidsonMSP to launch our manifesto : a Stronger Scotland , a Stronger Britain & amp ; a…
Every vote for @ theresa_may ’ s team will strengthen her hand at the Brexit negotiations to get the best deal for your family . # GE2017 https : //t.co/93FaNaO4H9
Jeremy Corbyn ’ s numbers simply don ’ t add up and he can ’ t be trusted to run the economy or negotiate the right Brexit deal for Britain . https : //t.co/CFmeje8Wgf
RT @ AlanMakHavant : Enjoyed campaigning with Schools Minister @ NickGibbUK for # Hove @ Conservatives candidate @ KristyAdamsBlue https : //t.co/X…
RT @ ScotTories : Theresa May :

`` I will fight for a deal that is the best for the whole of the United Kingdom ''

# GE2017
Nicola Sturgeon says she would form a ‘ progressive alliance ’ to make Jeremy Corbyn Prime Minister . # chaos # GE2017 https : //t.co/a9H6AIwvcb
RT @ ScotTories : Theresa May :

`` As long as I am Prime Minister I will never stand by and watch our union drift apart ''

# GE2017
RT @ AlanDuncanMP : Great response on the doorstep for @ AlexChalkChelt and strong support for Theresa May as PM # GE2017 https : //t.co/g65FRFL6…
RT @ AmberRuddHR : Out canvassing in Braybrooke Ward # Hastings with my top team ! # GE2017 https : //t.co/33R8ApLDg6
Our manifesto offers a clear plan to meet the big challenges we face together , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/mpOAOmKVj2
RETWEET to show you ’ re standing with Theresa May for strong and stable leadership in the national interest . # GE2017 https : //t.co/n2P335jeTp
RT @ theresa_may : This manifesto is our plan for a stronger , fairer , more prosperous Britain . https : //t.co/Hj5yzlbhxh
A manifesto to see us through Brexit and beyond . A plan for a stronger , fairer , more prosperous Britain : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/3wqEbt4J4Z
Your vote at # GE2017 will help Theresa May to deliver for Britain , through Brexit and beyond . https : //t.co/WDvQEVDLxT
A vote for Theresa May and her team on 8 June will create a stronger Britain : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/DeZbMiHa6d
Tonight has made clearer than ever the choice at this election - vote for Theresa May or risk a coalition of chaos with Corbyn # ITVDebate https : //t.co/6hmDEANEia
A vote for Theresa May and her team on 8 June will create a stronger Britain : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/Dol0Z73dmm
Tim Farron & amp ; Lib Dems will say anything to get elected . Their coalition of # chaos would put the UK ’ s Brexit deal at risk . # itvleadersdebate
Our manifesto has plans to build more homes , including a new generation of council houses : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP # itvdebate
Why we will help those struggling to afford a home of their own by building more affordable homes . https : //t.co/G4Ak3zzJMn
By keeping our economy strong we can increase funding for public services . Getting Brexit right is key & amp ; only Theresa May can deliver .
The Conservatives are putting £4 billion more into schools - Jeremy Corbyn would wreck our economy , hitting public services # ITVDebate
Science , maths & amp ; reading results have all gone down under the SNP – they need to focus on their job instead of breaking up the UK # ITVDebate
There are 1.8 million more children in good or outstanding schools - and we ’ ll deliver more money and more good school places # ITVDebate
We have a plan for record & amp ; fair school funding + real technical education for young people . Find out more : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP
Nicola Sturgeon 's obsession with independence is hurting Scotland 's economy # ITVDebate
Corbyn and his coalition of chaos could n't deliver new trade deals - or the Brexit deal we need # ITVDebate
2.9 million more people are in work under us – jobs would be at risk with Corbyn 's coalition of chaos in charge of the economy # itvdebate
Any vote for someone other than Theresa May and her team on 8 June risks putting Jeremy Corbyn in No10 . # itvleadersdebate https : //t.co/S38mutpVlV
The choice at this election : strong , stable leadership with Theresa May , or a coalition of chaos hitting our economic security # ITVdebate https : //t.co/FR6eyAg1l0
Sturgeon 's plan to leave the UK - Scotland 's biggest market - would mean economic chaos # ITVdebate
Nicola Sturgeon says she would form a ‘ progressive alliance ’ to make Jeremy Corbyn Prime Minister . # chaos https : //t.co/NhbGTbHjtf
Sturgeon 's tunnel vision on independence is hurting Scotland 's economy # ITVDebate
Tim Farron 's plans for higher income tax would leave hardworking families worse off # ITVDebate
Getting the Brexit deal right is crucial for our economic security - the choice is Theresa May or Corbyn negotiating for Britain # ITVDebate
Getting Brexit right is key . With a strong hand in the negotiations , Theresa May can protect your economic security . # itvleadersdebate
Instead of focusing on her day job of running Scotland ( incl health & amp ; social care ) , Sturgeon is determined to break up UK . # itvleadersdebate
Next up : the coalition of chaos arguing about the economy . Only Theresa May can provide the leadership to keep our economy strong # ITVDebate
Our manifesto has the first ever proper plan to pay for and provide social care . # itvleadersdebate https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP
We have a long-term plan for elderly care – Corbyn ’ s coalition of chaos can ’ t deliver anything # ITVDebate
One of two people will be negotiating Brexit - Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn . Only Theresa May can get the best deal for Britain # itvdebate
Our growing economy would be put at risk with the coalition of # chaos : higher taxes , fewer jobs , more waste & amp ; more debt . # itvleadersdebate
We ’ ve cut Labour ’ s deficit by 3/4 – Corbyn ’ s coalition of chaos would wreck our economy with more borrowing and waste again # ITVdebate
Jeremy Corbyn , the Greens & amp ; this coalition of chaos would scrap the nuclear deterrent that guarantees our security # ITVDebate
Corbyn and this coalition of # chaos would scrap the nuclear deterrent , risking your family 's security . # itvleadersdebate
The coalition of # chaos would risk our economic security . By keeping our economy strong we ’ ll increase NHS spending by £8 billion .
By keeping our economy strong we ’ ll increase NHS spending by £8bn . Corbyn ’ s coalition of chaos could n't deliver for Britain # itvdebate
The debate around Brexit made it clear : only Theresa May can be trusted to get the right Brexit deal for Britain . # ITVDebate
Only @ conservatives have a long-term plan for elderly care – Corbyn ’ s coalition of # chaos can ’ t deliver anything . # itvleadersdebate
By keeping our economy strong we ’ ll increase NHS spending by £8bn . Corbyn ’ s coalition of # chaos would be too shambolic to deliver anything .
Nicola Sturgeon says she would form a ‘ progressive alliance ’ to make Jeremy Corbyn Prime Minister # chaos # ITVDebate https : //t.co/Ek8TdwGbaw
Theresa May will get back control of our borders from the EU . Corbyn ’ s coalition of # chaos don ’ t even want to control immigration # itvdebate
This is the chaos and shambles that will be propping up Jeremy Corbyn as Prime Minister if we don ’ t back Theresa May on 8th June # itvdebate
Conservatives cut Labour ’ s deficit by 3/4 . Corbyn ’ s coalition of # chaos would wreck our economy with more borrowing & amp ; waste . Do n't risk it .
2.9million more people are in work under @ Conservatives . Jobs would be at risk with Corbyn & amp ; his coalition of # chaos . # itvleadersdebate
It 's clear : getting Brexit right is vital and this coalition of # chaos would put Jeremy Corbyn in charge of the negotiations . # itvdebate
Tim Farron & amp ; the Lib Dems will say anything to get elected - and would put our Brexit deal at risk # itvdebate https : //t.co/ZOcmOSCX9e
Labour , Lib Dems & amp ; Greens are doing deals across the country to make it easier for Corbyn to get into government . # chaos # itvleadersdebate https : //t.co/Ax59cdElij
Tim Farron & amp ; the Lib Dems would put the UK ’ s Brexit deal at risk # itvdebate
Now more than ever , Britain needs a strong and stable government to get the best Brexit deal for our country # itvdebate
Back Theresa May at this election to strengthen her hand in the Brexit negotiations & amp ; stop a coalition of chaos being in charge # ITVDebate https : //t.co/1K5PUjlUtI
Only Theresa May can get the right deal for the UK in the Brexit negotiations . Every vote will strengthen her hand . # itvleadersdebate https : //t.co/J2ef5GS2Kq
If we seize the opportunities ahead , and get Brexit right , we can build a stronger , fairer and more prosperous Britain # ITVDebate https : //t.co/WR3wTAdeSB
Who do you want negotiating our Brexit deal : Theresa May or Jeremy Corbyn and a coalition of chaos ? # ITVDebate https : //t.co/aL17vYPvfa
Corbyn and a coalition of chaos in charge of Brexit would put our growing economy at risk # itvdebate
Getting the right Brexit deal is the most crucial challenge facing Britain today - only Theresa May can get the best deal for you # itvdebate
Getting Brexit right is key . With a strong hand in the negotiations , @ theresa_may can protect your economic security . # itvleadersdebate
Theresa May is determined to get a Brexit deal that takes back control of our borders - vote to strengthen her hand # ITVDebate
Nicola Sturgeon propping up Jeremy Corbyn ? Chaos . # ITVDebate https : //t.co/8kNKLWrsGY
Getting Brexit right is key : a vote for @ theresa_may will strengthen her hand in these key negotiations # itvdebate
The Green Party would prop up Jeremy Corbyn in a coalition of chaos # itvdebate https : //t.co/oe5pdrup4N
Tonight 's # itvdebate will show a coalition of # chaos that could be in power in 3 weeks – with Corbyn as PM - unless you vote for Theresa May
At our manifesto launch Theresa May made clear she ’ ll provide the strong , stable leadership we need to see Britain through Brexit and beyond https : //t.co/UCmrh6F93q
Theresa May : As we face this critical election for our country , I launched my manifesto for Britain ’ s future # GE2017 https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/ZAYEbIHro6
For Britain to succeed , we need to unleash the ability of every person . Read our manifesto here : https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/3Crq8gSc1l
RT @ theresa_may : As we face this critical election for our country , I 've launched my manifesto for Britain ’ s future : https : //t.co/LdftZuWR2…
Today Theresa May launched our manifesto - outlining our plan for a stronger Britain and a more prosperous future . https : //t.co/G4Ak3zi8UP https : //t.co/WI3aavoNrP
RETWEET to show you ’ re standing with Theresa May for strong and stable leadership in the national interest . # GE2017 https : //t.co/y2U0rSnYhH
PM : So join me on this journey . Come with me as I lead Britain . Strengthen my hand as I fight for Britain . https : //t.co/EyLQ5pkTJl
That is the goal . This is the plan . And now is the time .
A stronger , fairer , more prosperous Britain that works for everyone , not just a privileged few .
And confident in the belief that we have the vision , the plan and the will to use this moment to build a better Britain .
With a resolute determination to get on with the job of delivering Brexit . Optimism that I can get a deal that works for all .
So I offer myself as your Prime Minister .
And after all that has passed , that is a vision of the future that can bring us together .
Every vote for me and my team will be a vote for a stronger , fairer , more prosperous Britain .
Because every vote for me and my team in this election will strengthen my hand in the negotiations to come .
Now more than ever , Britain needs a clear plan and the determination and the will to see it through .
We need that strong and stable leadership now more than ever .
Tackling the long-term challenges we face , and ensuring everyone in our country has the chance to get on in life .
But most importantly , the Government I lead will provide strong and stable leadership to see us through Brexit and beyond .
Record & amp ; fair school funding . Real technical education for young people . And the first ever proper plan to pay for & amp ; provide social care .
It ’ s why the Government I lead will build a Britain in which the economy is strong to support world-class public services .
Why we will help those struggling to afford a home of their own by building more affordable homes .
Why the Government I lead will keep taxes low & amp ; cap rip-off energy tariffs to help families working all the hours they can to pay the bills .
Why the Government I lead will build a Britain in which work pays , with a higher National Living Wage & amp ; proper rights & amp ; protections at work .
That is why the Government I lead will ensure every area of this United Kingdom is able to prosper .
A force that steps up and acts in the interests of ordinary working people .
For while it is never true that government has all the answers , government can and should be a force for good .
And they look to their government for help and support . This party – the Conservative and Unionist Party – will be that government .
They just want to get on with their lives , to do their best for their children , and to be given a fair chance .
For too many people in Britain today , life is simply much harder than many seem to think or realise .
If we get Brexit right , we can use this moment of change to build a stronger , fairer , more prosperous Britain here at home . https : //t.co/nk9883flRm
We 'll make the decisions that matter to Britain here in Britain https : //t.co/r6UQA6PvrC
So we will leave the European Union and take control of our money , take control of our borders and take control of our laws .
The British people made their choice . I respect that . I respect the view of other European leaders who agree we can ’ t be half-in , half-out .
That is why I have been clear that we do not seek to fudge this issue - to be half-in and half-out of the EU .
RT @ CRTV : It 's baaaack 📺
# crtvTonight w/ @ Gavin_McInnes
Tomorrow — 9pm ET — only at # CRTV

Get more info :
https : //t.co/D9BVoEnWGM https : //t…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : ‘ Make Great Britain Christian Again ! ’ # AlfiesArmy rallies in Washington , D.C. https : //t.co/6t5rLX4Bwv
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : A large sign simply reads `` Save Alfie '' as demonstrators pray at today 's # AlfiesArmy rally in Washington , D.C. today . # A…
RT @ RMConservative : One thing is clear : If Republicans commit to the same leaders and the same agenda , they won ’ t have to worry about pick…
RT @ PrecedentNews : BREAKING : Senate confirms Mike Pompeo as Secretary of State in a 57-42 vote
RT @ tedcruz : # AlfiesArmy https : //t.co/iYfEXpAlqu
Constitutional carry advances in Oklahoma # 2A
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/WptZFuEpFw
New poll should warn GOP : Live by the Swamp , die by the Swamp
by : @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/KujoT7E6Je
Sen. @ tedcruz : Alfie Evans ' plight 'grim reminder ' of reality of socialized medicine
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/LiMQkpvF7Q
It ’ s the forgotten American who needs legal help , NOT illegal aliens
by : @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/xDGiSluxp1
Team CR / @ CRTV :

Does anyone know the whereabouts of @ MillerStream ? 😂 https : //t.co/BCturBuvJz
He 's right you know ...

Levin : The Alfie Evans tragedy is exactly what the Left would give us with government-run health care https : //t.co/LMxQ1tyJxQ
What Alfie Evans ’ state-ordered execution is really about
@ SteveDeaceShow nails it .
https : //t.co/l48QAPnG8k
Medical doctors are being replaced by bureaucrats
by : @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/CjVpUDXku1
Bet they ’ d like to have this tweet back . 🐉 https : //t.co/KSKFtBenKk
If you have n't read this @ michellemalkin piece already , you need to :

`` Alfie and Haleigh and Charlie and Jahi — No lives are safe ''
https : //t.co/mKKFrbTCBJ
WTF MSM ! ? Politico ’ s misleading headline about the EPA ’ s Pruitt and ‘ use of science ’
by : @ Robeno
https : //t.co/fV2QHDVVWb
RT @ CRTV : 🚨🕵️‍♂️🚨🕵️‍♂️
Did Mueller find something that will clear @ RealDonaldTrump ?
Is the investigation unraveling ?

A MUST-LISTEN podca…
RT @ Robeno : `` Yet Politico ’ s headline editors go with a misleading headline meant to cast Pruitt as a scientific luddite . The Politico edito…
RT @ CRTV : 🔥🔥🔥
This video contains :
@ KanyeWest
@ DeneenBorelli
@ RealDonaldTrump
@ RealCandaceO
@ SeanHannity

What else do you need Twitter ?

M…
Well , that escalated ... https : //t.co/krBI2bUD4t
WATCH : @ MichelleMalkin OBLITERATES 'disgrace ' Jim Acosta https : //t.co/IYzQZMpkAi
Medical doctors are being replaced by bureaucrats https : //t.co/CjVpUDXku1
RT @ marklevinshow : Judicial tyranny https : //t.co/1V9QGQck25
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Why the public , ritualistic execution of # AlfieEvans by the state is more than even a # ProLife story . But reveals the s…
The universal fraud of universal education
by : @ WE_Williams
https : //t.co/K13WT5jwhv
Alfie and Haleigh and Charlie and Jahi
No lives are safe .
by : @ michellemalkin
https : //t.co/mKKFrbTCBJ
Important from @ benshapiro : Who controls your kids ' lives ? https : //t.co/D0ITcRl1Pp
Beware networks skipping their own polls
by : @ BrentBozell & amp ; Tim Graham
https : //t.co/OBbHOlYE17
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Horowitz is our best political data guy , and he 's predicted a 1974 type midterm for the GOP . https : //t.co/viI2W4uGtc
Let 's FIGHT BACK together ...
... against the mainstream media 's biased reporting , selective facts , and outright propaganda .

Sign up now for the daily dose of sunlight you need to disinfect the media 's lies —
@ Robeno ’ s “ WTF MSM ! ? ” newsletter :
https : //t.co/bYK0KLfBIs
What Alfie Evans ’ state-ordered execution is really about
Control .
By : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/l48QAPnG8k
GOP judge orders Trump to violate national sovereignty
by @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/aliDawMqYo
RT @ RMConservative : The courts have accomplished more for the left in just one week than what the GOP congress accomplished for us since 19…
NYT issues correction that admits the Palestinian government pays terrorist families https : //t.co/93MN4RD7x4
Video : Senate candidate Nick Freitas NAILS the difference between conservatives and progressives https : //t.co/05ST4eTFj9
& gt ; & gt ; @ realDonaldTrump to Iran : Restarting nuke program will result in ‘ big problems ’ https : //t.co/CwAQHAWowt
Police organize 13 semis on Detroit freeway to save suicidal man https : //t.co/z5IiIJPBAN
7 crazy court rulings in just one week
https : //t.co/FGzd0fO4Je
🎬 @ MichelleMalkin to screen @ CRTV show at Manhattan Film Festival this weekend https : //t.co/veB1bK47Ri
Levin : The Democrats are 'prepared to drag this country down ' https : //t.co/Jlo7CT3uQl
RT @ CRTV : WIN TICKETS to the Manhattan Film Festival — THIS WEEKEND , where @ MichelleMalkin is screening her # MMI episode :
`` Railroaded — Su…
GOP Rep. @ Jim_Jordan : There 's a different set of standards for the ruling class https : //t.co/C7Tqa56Sjw
Levin : 'Life , Liberty & amp ; Levin ' 'slaughtered ' CNN and MSNBC ratings https : //t.co/bK1y5x4bnE
Why aren ’ t they showing the actual originalists on the bench :

Thomas and Alito ?

See also :
https : //t.co/FGzd0fO4Je https : //t.co/eNredbrCN5
NYT issues correction that admits the Palestinian government pays terrorist families
by : @ Robeno
https : //t.co/93MN4RD7x4
RT @ CRTV : Shania Twain ... 🎶 does not impress @ WilkowMajority much 🎶

Watch the full Wilkow — only at # CRTV :
https : //t.co/qibwFT5F2j https : //…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : There was literally a helicopter waiting to take him to a hospital in Rome , yet the UK government says he has to go hom…
Video : Senate candidate @ NickForVA NAILS the difference between conservatives and progressives https : //t.co/05ST4eTFj9
RT @ CRTV : An important message from @ MichelleMalkin about # AlfieEvans

Alfie 's life matters .
We can not let the state usurp human rights an…
Trump to Iran : Restarting nuke program will result in ‘ big problems ’ https : //t.co/CwAQHAWowt
Trump to Iran : Restarting nuke program will result in ‘ big problems ’
@ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/CwAQHAWowt
RT @ CRTV : Welcome to @ MKibbe 's # Speakeasy

Rule # 1 : Prohibition is dangerous .

Watch the full episode of # KibbeOnLiberty — only at # CRTV :
h…
Wow !
Police organize 13 semis on Detroit freeway to save suicidal man https : //t.co/z5IiIJPBAN
7 crazy court rulings in one week !

“ Judicial supremacy is the biggest threat to the foundation of our republic ”
says @ RMConservative — and he 's right !
https : //t.co/FGzd0fO4Je
Awesome ! @ michellemalkin to screen # CRTV show at Manhattan Film Festival this weekend

Also : You could win tickets to the event ! 📽🎟
https : //t.co/veB1bK47Ri
He ’ s running . https : //t.co/bE2x98ha8b
Report : Planned Parenthood sues Indiana officials to stop annual inspections

Why would a `` healthcare facility '' need inspections ?
https : //t.co/KrcqnsQeXx
“ The irrational , hateful obstruction of the Democratic Party is appalling. ” — Mark @ LevinTV
https : //t.co/Jlo7CT3uQl
Oh . https : //t.co/1wkywXIdbi
RT @ CRTV : Good morning !

Win two tickets to see @ michellemalkin at the Manhattan Film Festival in NYC on April 29 , 2018 at 6pm ET

For more…
RT @ yashar : Alright , I decided to start a @ gofundme for James Shaw Jr , the Waffle House hero . I normally hate when people say this , but in…
RT @ CRTV : “ Does not compute . ”

@ DuckCommanderPR gives @ GrahamAllen_1 his thoughts on today ’ s culture .

Watch more # RantNation - only at # CR…
Levin : The Democrats are 'prepared to drag this country down ' https : //t.co/Jlo7CT3uQl
FYI https : //t.co/4hpiDdLF4F
Report : Planned Parenthood sues Indiana officials to stop annual inspections https : //t.co/KrcqnsQeXx
GOP Rep. @ Jim_Jordan There 's a different set of standards for the ruling class https : //t.co/C7Tqa56Sjw
Please settle this for us :
Is Watermelon “ Cake ” — which is just cut watermelon with cream frosting on the outside — actually a cake ?

https : //t.co/fzy5YhTNnQ
WTF MSM ! ? Bernie Sanders ’ state-funded media empire
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/JH0jSPqnLE
Trump meets France ’ s Macron : What to expect
by : @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/BOK7DlDShG
Classic Sen. @ tedcruz : New ad shows senator with anti-gun Moms Demand Action
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/R6TeGpbdxu
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Not the 9th Circuit : Now POTUS does n't even have the power to extend regulatory deadlines without checking with someone…
Romney 's Utah setback proves nominating conventions could fix the Senate https : //t.co/P0yzC4jfns
The 5 things I don ’ t understand
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/ELbsdiwlsd
RT @ CRTV : Talkin ' God , church , and religion .
@ GrahamAllen_1 & amp ; @ DuckcommanderPR

# RantNation goes # IntheWoodswithPhil — only at # CRTV :
ht…
The appalling silence of Congress on our border crisis https : //t.co/9iQrkXDstm
Remember Trump 's plan to cut $ 60 billion in spending ? Mitch McConnell just killed it https : //t.co/O9rnWf9qPw
. @ BenShapiro : If you believe most Americans are n't racist ... you might be a racist https : //t.co/gQwS3gxynz
Are Comey and McCabe fighting over who is the bigger liar ? https : //t.co/ugmMVpDBFw
Mark Levin nominated for 2018 induction into National Radio Hall of Fame https : //t.co/xvToWcpkx4
`` This is like pouring gasoline on a burning fire , ' Horowitz added , because of how open-borders groups , judges , and politicians will now be able to use the ruling to fit their agenda . '' - @ NateMaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/Aorw6OsIak
The Comey memos outline Comey-Clapper-CNN dossier collusion https : //t.co/9sbmkBL6Rt
Abolish the Department of Education
Seriously : For the children .
by : @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/RSVRAQ5Il6
Gorsuch is dead wrong on immigration https : //t.co/D3abwbeYCm
Advocacy journalism pushed banks to anti-gun policies
by : @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/ro6p87iKvp
RT @ PoliticalShort : Broward Coward County Sheriff Scott Israel isn ’ t the only publicity-hogging clown who fell down on his job and cost inn…
ICYMI :
Life , Liberty & amp ; Levin : Here ’ s why the Republican Party fails to attract young people
@ RMConservative and @ charliekirk11 talk with @ LevinTV in the only Sunday interview that mattered .
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/DUyUYuoczk
Sen. @ BenSasse to colleagues : Babies are great and should be allowed in the Senate
( He means actual babies , not the stuffed suit kind )
https : //t.co/TaaPhMsQmE
Advocacy journalism pushed banks to anti-gun policies
But what bias ?
via Dr. @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/ro6p87iKvp
Levin : 'Comey is like a bad rash ' and covered for the 'most guilty party ' — Hillary https : //t.co/ziVEPcpUMs
Abolish the Department of Education
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/RSVRAQ5Il6
The appalling silence of Congress on our border crisis https : //t.co/9iQrkXDstm
The Comey memos outline Comey-Clapper-CNN dossier collusion
by : @ Robeno
https : //t.co/9sbmkBL6Rt
Florida sheriff blames demonizing of law enforcement for ambush murder of two deputies
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/TNEoc08Svm
Levin : 'The Democrat Party just made a massive mistake ' https : //t.co/olAT0CrXlb
Aimless and Masochist : Our Topsy Turvy Foreign Policy
The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/Q10nFGjQEg
Conservatoons : Comey 's highest loyalty https : //t.co/E3sAIlULRB
😱🤯👍 https : //t.co/dV3QPWc8kP
RT @ CRTV : IT 'S HAPPENING ...

@ Gavin_McInnes

https : //t.co/usfh2EQLJy https : //t.co/NaTC5mZFTL
Pope Francis can save Alfie Evans https : //t.co/Gz4athu31w
GOP Senate candidate approves race-baiting attacks against primary opponent Nick Freitas https : //t.co/5sRO9xaUx8
The Comey memos outline Comey-Clapper-CNN dossier collusion https : //t.co/9sbmkBL6Rt
Mark Levin nominated for 2018 induction into National Radio Hall of Fame https : //t.co/xvToWcpkx4
Florida sheriff blames demonizing of law enforcement for ambush murder of two deputies https : //t.co/TNEoc08Svm
The appalling silence of Congress on our border crisis https : //t.co/9iQrkXDstm
RT @ CRTV : Why you need to ditch your 9-to-5 , NOW !
The newest # CapitolHillBrief w/ @ NateMaddenCRTV featuring @ JoshTolley

Watch more # CHBs…
Levin : 'Dammit , ' Trump ca n't lawfully be the target of a criminal investigation https : //t.co/84FTcfdzWE
RT @ morninggrinders : We . Are . LIVE ! Go to https : //t.co/eDV2un8aR1 and click `` CRTV LIVE '' right now ! # MugClub # AskAGrinder https : //t.co/MoYNs…
Impeachment frenzy in fictional TV
by : @ BrentBozell & amp ; Tim Graham
https : //t.co/X7UtWLnx1T
Abolish the Department of Education
Seriously : For the children .
by : @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/RSVRAQ5Il6
RT @ CRTV : Facebook , Data , and You

The world is freaking out about Facebook 's handling of user data .
Is this a new problem , and what shoul…
RT @ CRTV : Happy # 420 ! !
It 'd be easy for @ WilkowMajority to take # POT shots at # dirtyhippies today ... but he 's here to make an important po…
RT @ CRTV : WHOA ! @ MichelleMalkin is in # FullGeekMode

Social justice warriors are the biggest party-poopers on the planet , and Michelle is a…
Levin : 'Comey is like a bad rash ' and covered for the 'most guilty party ' — Hillary https : //t.co/ziVEPcpUMs
RT @ CRTV : Now on # CRTV :
@ GrahamAllen_1 & amp ; @ DuckCommanderPR talk about Facebook censoring conservative posts

Watch the all new # RantNation —…
RT @ CRTV : The @ Scaramucci # UNCENSORED

@ MillerStream sits down with # TheMooch on our new pilot :
Out of the House # OOTH

Need we say any mo…
WTF MSM ! ? Associated Press claims new Cuban president was “ elected ”
by : @ Robeno
https : //t.co/UqvY7MgxAj
Dick Durbin repeats smear of conservatives in # TIME100 tribute to Jimmy Kimmel https : //t.co/pMd6svgBHU
Fired FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe slapped with criminal referral https : //t.co/XWU4iAjc7a
RT @ CRTV : How much do schools indoctrinate our children ?
Because it happens .
A recent viral tweet , of clear anti-Trump bias , shows that ou…
WTF MSM ! ? Associated Press claims new Cuban president was “ elected ” https : //t.co/UqvY7MgxAj
Are Comey and McCabe fighting over who is the bigger liar ? https : //t.co/ugmMVpDBFw
Sanctimonious federal court compels Ohio to fund holy rite of baby-killing https : //t.co/pgt39kqwbQ
Sen. @ BenSasse to colleagues : Babies are great and should be allowed in the Senate https : //t.co/TaaPhMsQmE
RT @ CRTV : Many of the up-and-coming voices in the conservative movement have received gracious treatment , good advice , and kind encourageme…
RT @ CRTV : Politics is a competitive business , but @ WilkowMajority says that the way @ SeanHannity is being attacked by the Left and MSM is a…
Texas political scientists cast doubt on poll showing Cruz tied with Democrat https : //t.co/M0yWWx3fOS
Advocacy journalism pushed banks to anti-gun policies
by : @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/ro6p87iKvp
Pull all federal funding from Michigan State University
by : @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/LX1kfSR9eo
https : //t.co/2l8Xk5iojU https : //t.co/Y4MtWqjv1m
RT @ CRTV : Bombing for peace ?
Why Syria ... but not North Korea ?

@ RoamingMil thinks there 's more to it than altruistic retaliation for chem…
Texas political scientists cast doubt on poll showing @ tedcruz tied with Democrat https : //t.co/M0yWWx3fOS
Levin : Why Gorsuch teaming up with the Left on immigration is disastrous for Trump ’ s agenda https : //t.co/Aorw6OsIak
POLL : Texas Senate race between Cruz and O'Rourke is 'too close to call ' https : //t.co/irVTJG5NVO
Dem senators march in lockstep with SJW attacks on Mike Pompeo https : //t.co/U14t0Ac5oY
California proves again that 'tolerance ' is always a one-way street https : //t.co/Zag6Cg73Xz
Gorsuch is dead wrong on immigration https : //t.co/D3abwbeYCm
`` This is like pouring gasoline on a burning fire , ' Horowitz added , because of how open-borders groups , judges , and politicians will now be able to use the ruling to fit their agenda . '' - @ NateMaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/Aorw6OsIak
Watch : Former President George W. Bush remembers his mother 's humor , smarts , and faith https : //t.co/GFi6LwJQgp
. @ BenShapiro : If you believe most Americans are n't racist ... you might be a racist https : //t.co/gQwS3gxynz
Bozell & amp ; Graham : The press has exactly as much integrity as James Comey https : //t.co/VvlP8a0ryF
We need more discrimination to save cities from decay
https : //t.co/qwrIM2kr1p
RT @ CR : Return of the feckless Chick-fil-A-phobes
by : @ michellemalkin
https : //t.co/418aIauts8
RT @ CRTV : Your life has value .
@ GrahamAllen_1 & amp ; @ mlyda13 of @ NineLineApparel discuss whether we as a NATION have diminished the value of # L…
POLL : Texas Senate race between @ tedcruz and O ’ Rourke is ‘ too close to call ’
It ’ s past time for conservative voters to pay attention to this election . https : //t.co/irVTJG5NVO
WTF MSM ! ? Lawyer for ABC , CNN , and NYT pressured judge to publicly name Hannity as Cohen ’ s ‘ client ’ https : //t.co/xVbq00wOro
Remember Trump 's plan to cut $ 60 billion in spending ? Mitch McConnell just killed it https : //t.co/O9rnWf9qPw
Dem senators march in lockstep with SJW attacks on Mike Pompeo
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/U14t0Ac5oY
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : California moves to kill freedom of speech , thought , and conscience . My latest for @ CR

https : //t.co/87CUHHKcUA
Can the White House convince Arab allies to replace American troops in Syria ? https : //t.co/xM9yqkL756
. @ michellemalkin : Return of the feckless Chick-fil-A-phobes https : //t.co/418aIauts8
West Virginia Senate candidate SLAMS 'swamp captain ' Mitch McConnell for interfering in primary https : //t.co/D2n8sdB7z2
California proves again that 'tolerance ' is always a one-way street
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/Zag6Cg73Xz
Hero pilot Tammie Jo Shults lauded for 'nerves of steel ' https : //t.co/e0XFOvQvv3
Watch : Former President George W. Bush remembers his mother 's humor , smarts , and faith https : //t.co/GFi6LwJQgp
Gorsuch is dead wrong on immigration
But Gorsuch ?
by @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/D3abwbeYCm
RT @ CRTV : Politicians and policy wonks keep telling us that our drug epidemic is the result of prescription painkillers , but that ’ s only pa…
Mark Levin : Connected media 'hypocrites ' target Hannity for destruction https : //t.co/AwuXKcANxE
RT @ CRTV : . @ mkibbe : If you wan na know who the bad guys are , look for the ones hiding their faces , stifling free speech , throwing punches , a…
If you believe most Americans are n't racist ... you might be a racist
@ benshapiro with today 's # LiberalLogic
https : //t.co/gQwS3gP9f7
RT @ CRTV : Does anyone think it 's ethical for the judge presiding over Michael Cohen 's case to have ties to George Soros and the Clintons ? …
The press has exactly as much integrity as James Comey
by : @ BrentBozell and Tim Graham
https : //t.co/VvlP8a0ryF
New : @ WE_Williams : We need more discrimination to save cities from decay
The vicious cycle that turns prosperous cities into wastelands .
https : //t.co/qwrIM2kr1p
Levin : Connected media 'hypocrites ' target Hannity for destruction https : //t.co/AwuXKcANxE
Return of the feckless Chick-fil-A-phobes
by : @ michellemalkin
https : //t.co/418aIauts8
🤮 https : //t.co/6ytXQUlqjg
RT @ JJWatt : Rest In Peace Mrs. Barbara Bush .
You were a beautiful light in this world and I am forever thankful for your friendship . https : …
May she rest in peace and may perpetual light shine upon her . https : //t.co/k6VsfEMdZO
West Virginia Senate candidate SLAMS ‘ swamp captain ’ Mitch McConnell for interfering in primary

https : //t.co/D2n8sdB7z2
RT @ CRTV : Antifa ( anti-fascists ) sure act a lot like fascists 🤔

== & gt ; @ mkibbe thinks this is what happens when young leftists think that the…
`` [ CNN ] employs former Obama admin . political appointee Jim Sciutto to report on foreign affairs and national security . Sciutto has never disclosed on air his Obama ties when talking about Obama-era foreign affairs ... '' - @ Robeno

https : //t.co/ydXxUV7V2P
`` Barbara Bush is spending her time surrounded by people she loves , drinking bourbon , and we love her for that . Cheers , Mrs . Bush . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/J2ZT55PBF4
RT @ CRTV : Okay , if Trump is actually able to create fair trade with China and denuclearize North Korea ... will the Left finally admit he w…
`` The president will undoubtedly face a stern challenge in convincing Arab allies to devote serious resources toward stabilizing Syria , but it ’ s a shot worth taking. `` - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/xM9yqkL756
`` Restraint-minded American influencers , politicians , and leaders should try their best to inform themselves about the unfolding Russian and Iranian disinformation operations that seek to empower the global position of Moscow and Tehran '' - @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/calA6CXvN9
`` In special elections , the winner is often determined by which candidate can motivate the party base to get out to vote . In this particular race , both Republicans and Democrats have motivating issues . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/U5Rpe1fv9U
`` The cruel irony is that Democrats are letting Republicans take the lead on this issue precisely because they know it is an unpopular proposition that will cement their victory in November . '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/S19Izan7iS
`` By all means , demand transparency in foreign engagements , but don ’ t become a sucker for adversarial propaganda campaigns . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/calA6CXvN9 https : //t.co/jIpjQfeMjM
Levin : ENOUGH with the 'sideshows ' — The real story is Comey 's Clinton cover-up

https : //t.co/lvd41xXUs3
WTF MSM ! ? Comey , Comey , and more Comey

https : //t.co/bFT9cGaIG2
RT @ CRTV : The problem with recent generations ?
No `` home training . ''
What happened America ?

@ GrahamAllen_1 chats with @ mlyda13 of @ NineLineA…
Sarah Sanders whacks Comey : 'Dangerous , ' 'does n't have credibility ' https : //t.co/6pTqVP1InU
WTF MSM ! ? Comey , Comey , and more Comey https : //t.co/bFT9cGaIG2
RT @ CRTV : How low can James Comey go ?
Lying , leaking , and scheming at the FBI

Comey is attempting to rewrite the history of his deceitful…
Sarah Sanders @ PressSec whacks Comey : ‘ Dangerous , ’ ‘ doesn ’ t have credibility ’
“ He lied to Congress ; he ’ s been inconsistent constantly . ”
https : //t.co/6pTqVP1InU
“ A single executive department has 15 times more resources than Congress
But citizens can do more about it than protest . ”
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/zf3oOm12ko
Mark Levin : 'Sleazeball ' Comey 's book is 'crap ' and the Left knows it https : //t.co/vuogxnmFkr
Congrats @ des_linden on your @ bostonmarathon win !
🇺🇸🥇 https : //t.co/L7NH2QJYlB
Life , Liberty & amp ; Levin : Here ’ s why the Republican Party fails to attract young people
@ RMConservative and @ charliekirk11 talk with @ LevinTV in the only Sunday interview that mattered .
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/DUyUYuoczk
RT @ CRTV : Canadian universities are BARRING white applicants from certain administration positions — and it is totally acceptable by LAW ! …
Comey questions :
Just how nauseatingly sanctimonious is this guy ?
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/0uTCcxEPnn
RT @ CRTV : If you do n't follow The Conservative Conscience Podcast by @ RMConservative — you are missing out !
Subscribe here :
https : //t.co/ua…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : It turns out the cynical re-emergence of # Comey has been good for the truth to come out after all , albeit probably not…
Wow .
Semper Fi , Gunny . Godspeed . https : //t.co/sCKMDwG45q
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Barbara Bush is now opting for palliative care . https : //t.co/t632Vchwgi
RT @ CRTV : Are you sad that Paul Ryan is retiring ?
@ WilkowMajority has a farewell message for the GOP leader ...

More Wilkow — only at # CRT…
Phil Robertson takes on Zuckerberg after Facebook censors his video for 'violent content ' https : //t.co/Sxuu02jGb8 via @ ChrisCPandolfo
WTF MSM ! ? Politico breaks the NRA ’ s $ 2500 scandal WIDE OPEN https : //t.co/JlFZ7YlL7g via @ Robeno
Conservatoons : Iron Fistbook & amp ; more ...
https : //t.co/sO9MFKgJu8
Mark Levin : 'Sleazeball ' Comey 's book is 'crap ' and the Left knows it https : //t.co/vuogxnmFkr via @ kpshiver3
WATCH : Cory Booker thinks Pompeo 's Christian beliefs on gay marriage are disqualifying https : //t.co/9A4qPjn7hV
Trump has granted amnesty to 153,000 so far this year https : //t.co/rPp4NFHWT9
RT @ CRTV : Welcome to Miss Kay 's kitchen !
There 's something special about making a meal from scratch !

Watch `` In the Woods with Phil '' and y…
Progressivism is a cult : John Oliver edition
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/PY5XWwVIae
Jim Jordan for speaker next year ? He wants GOP focused on THIS year https : //t.co/06yVQN1Wak
Phil Robertson @ DuckCommanderPR takes on Zuckerberg after Facebook censors his video for 'violent content ' https : //t.co/Sxuu02jGb8
Politico breaks the NRA ’ s $ 2500 scandal WIDE OPEN https : //t.co/JlFZ7YlL7g
Conservatoons : Iron Fistbook https : //t.co/sO9MFKgJu8
Mark Levin : 'Sleazeball ' Comey 's book is 'crap ' and the Left knows it https : //t.co/vuogxnmFkr
RT @ FoxNews : WATCH : Moments ago , @ POTUS delivered remarks regarding Syria , and `` ordered the United States Armed Forces to launch precision…
WSWYDT @ libertycaucus 👀 https : //t.co/xdfvMPgP2U
RT @ CRTV : Flashback : April of last year . https : //t.co/pAago0ag66
RT @ JordanSchachtel : The Syrian Scientific Studies and Research Center is the development HQ for Assad ’ s chemical weapons program . If this…
RT @ MillerStream : Calling a strike on Syria , @ POTUS Trump says : “ The UK , France , and the US have marshaled their righteous power against b…
RT @ CRTV : Watch @ TheSwampSeries at # CRTV :
https : //t.co/cz2Dxoch48 https : //t.co/tctLlm11NI
WTF MSM ! ? Politico breaks the NRA ’ s $ 2500 scandal WIDE OPEN https : //t.co/JlFZ7YlL7g
Phil Robertson takes on Zuckerberg after Facebook censors his video for 'violent content ' https : //t.co/Sxuu02jGb8
Rep. @ Jim_Jordan for speaker next year ? He wants GOP focused on THIS year https : //t.co/06yVQN1Wak
RT @ CRTV : It 's trendy to claim that millennials are destroying everything .
Are our future generations doomed , or might today 's youth be th…
Progressivism is a cult : John Oliver edition https : //t.co/PY5XWwVIae
Trump has granted amnesty to 153,000 so far this year
by : @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/rPp4NFHWT9
The clock is ticking for an effective response to Syria https : //t.co/wGNSJywFrp
WATCH : Cory Booker thinks Mike Pompeo 's Christian beliefs on gay marriage are disqualifying https : //t.co/9A4qPjn7hV
Watch : Democrat senator expects Pompeo to resign if Trump fires Mueller
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/kPIQAxHpXn
Phil Robertson @ DuckCommanderPR takes on Zuckerberg after Facebook censors his video for 'violent content ' https : //t.co/Sxuu02jGb8
RT @ JordanSchachtel : In short , the Deputy Director of the FBI set up his own agents and officials for failure in an attempt to harvest more…
FLASHBACK : Conservative congressmen : McCabe lied under oath , and we need a second special counsel https : //t.co/B7GX0xGP92
Jim Jordan for speaker next year ? He wants GOP focused on THIS year https : //t.co/06yVQN1Wak
RT @ kathrynw5 : President Trump 's pardon of Scooter Libby is official . https : //t.co/M5IAmKVU9I
Trump has granted amnesty to 153,000 so far this year https : //t.co/rPp4NFHWT9
Not the SOTH America needs … but possibly the speaker we deserve …

¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/kFi0ZGxL74
Wise words https : //t.co/ViGRKj8dzi
An example of why @ RepMarkMeadows and @ Jim_Jordan have A ’ s on the # LibertyScore

Scorecard :
https : //t.co/UNByVkYMs9 https : //t.co/raLCB7TaYt
. @ BrentBozell & amp ; Graham : Zeroing in on Facebook 's anti-conservative tilt https : //t.co/niDJRsbaH9
RT @ CRTV : You want to glorify God ?
Work hard and do a good job .

Watch the new @ ConservMillen — only at # CRTV :
https : //t.co/BX4xNpvgqt htt…
Levin : The Ronald Reagan speech on the Holocaust every Millennial needs to hear https : //t.co/vFf014jkbq
RT @ CRTV : NEW # RantNation with @ GrahamAllen_1

What happened to America ?
What happened to the nation where people are FREE to think and be…
WATCH : Cory Booker thinks Pompeo 's Christian beliefs on gay marriage are disqualifying https : //t.co/9A4qPjn7hV
RT @ CRTV : Mueller is now investigating things that have almost nothing to do with the original mandate .
It ’ s a waste of taxpayer dollars , …
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : . @ Jim_Jordan 's stmt to @ CRTV in response to rumors of a Speaker run : `` What 's important is not who the next speaker is , …
Watch : Democrat senator expects Pompeo to resign if Trump fires Mueller https : //t.co/kPIQAxHpXn
GOP ’ s balanced budget amendment would enshrine endless tax increases into the Constitution
by : @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/kWhDehkiAU
Who cares about a new speaker ? Conservatives need a new vision https : //t.co/mKVCIM7ZBJ
The Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act is unconstitutional hogwash https : //t.co/Wf3LrshVkG
Levin : Republicans are bringing a midterm ‘ bloodbath ’ upon themselves https : //t.co/h6dlurzBan
Yikes !
@ michellemalkin : The student data-mining scandal under our noses https : //t.co/J3UOIgsbZu
How Medicaid is fueling the drug overdose crisis https : //t.co/cmLwjZkI3X
Williams : Black political power means zilch
Black Americans have been mayors , police chiefs , city councilors , and superintendents of schools for decades .
https : //t.co/b5jsts86kl
RT @ CRTV : Last time @ DuckCommanderPR showed us how food is prepared , Facebook censored the video .
Where do they think food comes from ?

😺🐟…
Levin on Syria : ‘ There are things you can do , short of all-out war , to take a stand for
by : @ JordanSchachtel
humanity ’ https : //t.co/3gmcxx4mLu
Why our ‘ solutions ’ so often fail
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/cEpPZMM5N2
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW :
@ GrahamAllen_1 & amp ; @ DuckCommanderPR

Talking … God , Guns , America , & amp ; Freedom !

Watch :
https : //t.co/dL8z5KqChE https : //t.…
. @ RepMarkMeadows : Lawmakers should 'absolutely ' hold DOJ , FBI officials in contempt of Congress https : //t.co/BoskEFrQUx
WTF MSM ! ? Facebook ’ s Zuckerberg on Capitol Hill https : //t.co/pXjNPf7Jap
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Noncompliance may have consequences . https : //t.co/pwYrIh74a3
The president is not tipping his hand on Syria
by : @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/AcI1EEl08Q
New :
@ michellemalkin : The student data-mining scandal under our noses https : //t.co/J3UOIgsbZu
MUST READ :
How Medicaid is fueling the drug overdose crisis
by : @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/cmLwjZkI3X
RT @ CRTV : Get Off My Lawn Podcast # 40 w/ @ Gavin_McInnes :
Marriage is Easy
https : //t.co/9IzqhQVp06
Paul Ryan retires , but who will replace him ? https : //t.co/7wGimqcwyL
by : @ WE_Williams : Black political power means zilch https : //t.co/b5jsts86kl
Levin on Syria : ‘ There are things you can do , short of all-out war , to take a stand for humanity ’ https : //t.co/3gmcxx4mLu

by : @ JordanSchachtel
RT @ CRTV : Learning the Lessons of Bloods and Crips in the Middle East
The Conservative Conscience Ep . 211 w/ @ RMConservative
https : //t.co…
WATCH : Sen. @ TedCruz GRILLS Zuckerberg over Facebook 's anti-conservative bias https : //t.co/vQBJkxx5Oi via @ ChrisCPandolfo
RT @ CRTV : What makes @ blckriflecoffee a different type of company ?

@ EvanHafer & amp ; @ MatBest11x explain their company philosophy to # RantNatio…
Have y ’ all caught an episode of Allie yet ?

Head over to # CRTV now and check her show out , it ’ s great ! https : //t.co/7Jyo5AIS11
RT @ CRTV : The Mooch @ scaramucci joins @ MillerStream to talk about the latest developments in @ RealDonaldTrump 's legal battles , the Mueller…
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR https : //t.co/k7X4aBQoWN https : //t.co/UVKlW4…
Mueller investigates Trump links to Ukrainian oligarch , ignores decades-long Clinton connection https : //t.co/2mY5URhmsu
Sen. @ TedCruz 🔥🇺🇸🦅 https : //t.co/uF4XjrsKan
Congress is about to screw up the drug overdose crisis
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/HIkQCUicjR
RIP https : //t.co/lRbce068Ob
The stunning smear campaign against immigration hawk @ RepDeSantis https : //t.co/59riiPiwD8
YouTube videos ...
StarWars ...

We should just do away with digital video and we can end terrorism !

# LiberalLogic https : //t.co/OOrCYToahD
RT @ CRTV : 🗽🇺🇸
What is # Freedom ?

@ GrahamAllen_1 says that freedom is n't about guarantees but instead is about opportunity

Watch # RantNatio…
RT @ CRTV : You asked , and she answered !
@ ConservMillen addresses everything , from food to family to politics .

Watch more Allie — only at # …
Provocative ?

Is it because she is showing her stomach ?

White before Memorial Day ?

¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/nHE75NNmIi
Sen. @ RandPaul : Mueller abused authority ; 'every American citizen ' could be next https : //t.co/FMW4R3n4YG
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Rand Paul explains his opposition to special prosecutors . https : //t.co/wmRcMfyLg4
“ The last chance within the system for we the people to form a more perfect union . ”
@ SteveDeaceShow endorses an Article V Convention of States
https : //t.co/1VJlWv3VQt
RT @ AP_Politics : BREAKING : White House says Trump ’ s homeland security adviser , Thomas Bossert , to resign in latest West Wing departure .
“ The stupidity of the GOP
Republicans have already given away the farm. ” https : //t.co/dc0wdugN0j
A computer is only as good as its master .
@ SvenComputer
# BeepBeep https : //t.co/j16lgG8kfy
Levin : 'Police state tactics ' used against Trump make me 'SICK ' https : //t.co/2XoVhwJ9UA
What happened to Kevin Williamson also happened to me
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/oFmQR03vI5
Twitter CEO and `` America 's new civil war '' https : //t.co/LYpqniFOOO
RT @ CRTV : How gov ’ t is misdiagnosing the drug crisis , making it worse , and limiting freedoms
Listen to @ RMConservatve
https : //t.co/eEFZs…
Read Taya Kyle 's moving Facebook post for her late husband , Chris Kyle , on his birthday https : //t.co/RLnB3rbQa7
John Bolton ’ s Day One national security threats https : //t.co/6Fl6hlZKTs
The stupidity of the GOP https : //t.co/dc0wdugN0j
What happened to Kevin Williamson also happened to me https : //t.co/oFmQR03vI5
WTF MSM ! ? Twitter CEO and `` America 's new civil war '' https : //t.co/LYpqniFOOO
Bring on the Republican minority https : //t.co/wgHGixE9Ra
This is why @ RMConservative says it is right to move our military back home to protect our southern border :
https : //t.co/YzjwglOBqz https : //t.co/jacrIE1f03
RT @ niezawislosc : Just wanted to give a shout-out to the great daily `` briefings '' available from @ CR / @ CRTV . You can sign up here : https : /…
@ TreyMays The scorecard is a mostly objective accounting of key votes , on a 50 votes , rotating basis over 6 years .

The TOP and RINOs list are based on a selection process from a panel of editors . It takes into account the scorecard , but also other factors .
No joke : Mark @ LevinTV explains why the US must confront China NOW https : //t.co/2HZWyeKQiG
Big business fears the Left but not the Right https : //t.co/hG9p1gWD6F
Here 's our current list of the Top 25 Conservatives in Congress .
Who 's on your list ?
https : //t.co/6qOWCwy08S
RT @ CRTV : So , @ JimmyKimmel 's strategy is to deflect , blame , whine , equivocate , rinse and repeat . He gave a non-apology regarding his @ SeanH…
`` We don ’ t want to take your ____ “

• Healthcare plan
• Land
• Guns
• Knives
etc .
etc .
etc .

# 2a # ShallNotBeInfringed https : //t.co/Mr9eYzZcqg
“ Our border is a better place for our military than the Middle East
The purpose of the military begins with homeland security. ” https : //t.co/YzjwglOBqz
“ You have a United States senator , a federal official , trying to intimidate a private media company . ”
https : //t.co/I2fKeXEM0h
& gt ; & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : Do n't let the Left do it to Pruitt https : //t.co/WD6qtaLJmk
Reason # 1,652,894 progressivism is a cult
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/XnyBFJhuw2
Scott Pruitt should thank God for Nancy Pelosi https : //t.co/gjAJXSdgBM
‘ You will be made to care ‘ https : //t.co/TjmoXSCZDx
No joke : Mark Levin explains why the US must confront China NOW https : //t.co/2HZWyeKQiG
Big business fears the Left but not the Right
via @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/hG9p1gWD6F
SHOCK POLL : Democrat holds 10-point lead in Tennessee Senate matchup https : //t.co/uuE1I29XLM
Our border is a better place for our military than the Middle East https : //t.co/YzjwglOBqz
Mark Levin blasts 'tyrant ' Sen. Dick Durbin for going after Sinclair Broadcasting https : //t.co/I2fKeXEM0h
& gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : Do n't let the Left do it to Pruitt https : //t.co/WD6qtau7XK
. @ BrentBozell & amp ; Graham : A brutal revisitation of Chappaquiddick https : //t.co/qchxAoXRUQ
Reason # 1,652,894 progressivism is a cult
by : @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/XnyBFJhuw2
Mark Levin tells Sean Hannity that President Trump should not speak with special counsel Mueller . https : //t.co/8aKmNmuJGR
“ The Democrat leader wades into the politically motivated smear campaign against the conservative EPA chief. ” https : //t.co/gjAJXSdgBM
WTF MSM ! ? ‘ You will be made to care ‘ https : //t.co/TjmoXSCZDx via @ Robeno
RT @ CRTV : Gun-grabbing ghouls are at it again !
Listen to : Here 's The Deal w/ @ DeneenBorelli
https : //t.co/7QaYX76qrY
No joke : Mark Levin explains why the US must confront China NOW
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/2HZWyeKQiG
RT @ CRTV : Who won the border wall battle ?
Watch our panelists duke it out in the pilot episode of Capitol Fight Club !
Hosted by @ NateMadde…
No joke : Mark Levin explains why the US must confront China NOW https : //t.co/2HZWyeKQiG
Bozell & amp ; Graham : A brutal revisitation of Chappaquiddick https : //t.co/qchxAoXRUQ
Reason # 1,652,894 progressivism is a cult https : //t.co/XnyBFJhuw2
Levin : Mueller is 'investigating nothing , ' obstruction of justice claims are 'absurd ' https : //t.co/8aKmNmuJGR
Scott Pruitt should thank God for Nancy Pelosi https : //t.co/gjAJXSdgBM
WTF MSM ! ? ‘ You will be made to care ‘ https : //t.co/TjmoXSUAv5
What happens if Pruitt calls for Pelosi to resign ?

Do we go to overtime ? https : //t.co/rez28gRIPa
. @ DavidLimbaugh : Do n't let the Left do it to Pruitt https : //t.co/WD6qtau7XK
Must read from : @ BrentBozell & amp ; Tim Graham : A brutal revisitation of Chappaquiddick https : //t.co/qchxAoGgwg
Reason # 1,652,894 progressivism is a cult
by : @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/XnyBFIZT7s
RT @ TheSwampSeries : Thanks to @ marthamaccallum for the segment on @ TheSwampSeries tonight !

Check out the preview below , and watch the fir…
RT @ CRTV : Who won the Immigration Battle Royale ?
Watch the pilot episode of :
🇺🇸 Capitol Fight Club 🥊 with @ natemaddenCRTV

Panelists :
@ M…
RT @ TheSwampSeries : Filmmaker EXPOSING Washington sums up how ‘ the swamp ’ works , and it ’ s brutal

https : //t.co/4nnZlv92Vn

Thank you , @ glen…
RT @ CRTV : Privilege ?
@ ConservMillen says that we are the most privileged people in the entire world , because we are Americans .
But it did…
WTF MSM ! ? Piers Morgan slights American involvement in World War II https : //t.co/zOkPVYiDAt
Uhh…..

WHAT ? ! https : //t.co/yZb3HRNoYw
Our border is a better place for our military than the Middle East https : //t.co/YzjwglOBqz
SHOCK POLL : Democrat holds 10-point lead in Tennessee Senate matchup https : //t.co/uuE1I29XLM
RT @ CRTV : The answer to speech we do n't like ?

As @ michellemalkin has said for years :

MORE speech .
STRONGER speech .
BOLDER speech .
RT @ CRTV : The leftist mob 's goal is to destroy you .

Your life and your livelihood .

Think they 'll stop at conservative media elites or p…
Big business fears the Left but not the Right
via @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/hG9p1gWD6F
RT @ CRTV : What happened to harmless teenage shenanigans ?
@ WilkowMajority explores the latest ... shenanigan ? ¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯

Watch the FULL Wilk…
Terror groups continue to operate openly on Twitter , despite ‘ crackdown ’ https : //t.co/lHRP4eSEbP
RT @ JordanSchachtel : Terror groups continue to operate openly on Twitter , despite ‘ crackdown ’ https : //t.co/lg86J8B9Yd
# heisrunning
Kasich 's big 2020 strategy : Move left , pretend to be hip , attack Trump https : //t.co/2XEskpFS8Y
RT @ MatthewTyrmand : This is the DC I have had the great displeasure of getting to know ... great documentary series being produced . House of…
Don ’ t be fooled by the lies about ‘ unaccompanied alien children ’ https : //t.co/gFB7YbFrR5
`` Basically , folks , if you ’ re not a leftist … then you ’ re a racist , then you ’ re stoking white supremacy , and of course , you ’ re doing things that are opposite of what Martin Luther King would do. ” - @ marklevinshow

https : //t.co/lw78IWnhVh
RT @ TheSwampSeries : Watch the full first episode of The Swamp here == & gt ; https : //t.co/W4Uotgi3ii

Are you ready to meet the troublemakers ? …
`` The Mattis Pentagon is in a way articulating the ideas behind “ you break it , you own it , ” or the “ Pottery Barn rule , ” which was embraced by both the Bush 43 and Obama administrations. `` - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/NFEWfIsFqZ
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Maybe no support from leadership , but this is a pretty long list of co-sponsors : https : //t.co/6L6iknIn1l https : //t.co/a…
`` Republicans have already betrayed voters . It ’ s difficult to believe they ’ re acting in good faith without demonstrable proof that they ’ re willing to fight to keep their promises on spending . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/67ebHwj5eH
`` Hunting down what ’ s left of the latest manifestation of the Sunni jihad — and traveling into the wilds of Syria to rebuild the country — is nothing more than a continuing exercise in whack-a-mole and a dangerous waste of time . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/NFEWfIsFqZ
`` Thus there is no reason there to bring hundreds of thousands of phony asylum seekers into the interior of our country and have them disappear indefinitely into our population . '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/XlBWARbPvj
`` In a way this video reminds me of the O.J . Simpson book , 'If I Did It . ' Who better to warn viewers about fake news than someone fired for making up the news ? '' - @ Robeno

https : //t.co/6GG0eSep1Y
`` One-sided news is the best kind of news for most of the broadcast day … as long as your “ news ” skews to the left . '' - @ BrentBozell @ TimJGraham

https : //t.co/jH8MzMI7Mb
`` This vote by the school board is strictly virtue-signaling . It does not make Santa Fe schools safer from school shootings . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/HerobQtgab
`` In “ tolerant ” places like Hollywood , coming out as a conservative or as a Republican is more shocking than coming out as gay . Conservatives are routinely discriminated against for their viewpoints . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/0lsPUNcvaO
`` CNN has been a gun-control shill network for a month and a half now . The network has not challenged students when they use vulgarity to speak about opponents or call those with differing political views murderers . '' - @ Robeno

https : //t.co/LVzv0n0ltC
`` The kind of politically biased fake news @ DanRather engaged in is exactly what Sinclair was calling out . '' - @ Robeno

https : //t.co/qnMVbBhxuz
`` But this sentencing has nothing to do with Trump , the 2016 election , or Russia . '' - @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/inrfmMjU5Q
`` Does @ Pontifex know that there are souls at stake ? '' - @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/x8t7F2jyzv
`` And it only took nearly 50 years to make a film about a Democratic icon leaving a woman to die in a river . It ’ s amazing it was made in the first place . '' - @ benshapiro

https : //t.co/dAbr4DL3DV
`` If you don ’ t like our laws , change them . If you can ’ t respect our sovereignty , go organize a caravan of alien trespassers and seek permanent shelter at the Sistine Chapel . Good luck with that . '' - @ michellemalkin

https : //t.co/cxB9XlaD2s
`` But the Left knows that if a handful of impoverished women and children from a failed country are the faces of their emotional appeals , they will win the argument — by not having one . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/YvU367soTS
“ California has de facto seceded from the nation in many respects ” - @ marklevinshow

via @ kpshiver3

https : //t.co/g0YNA8LZlD
`` Dan Rather was fired by CBS News for a false report that used fabricated documentation to substantiate claims about President George W. Bush ’ s National Guard service . In other words , Rather was fired for promulgating fake news . '' - @ Robeno

https : //t.co/qnMVbBhxuz
`` There is still zero evidence of collusion , and the special counsel has become hopelessly detached from its original mandate to investigate Russian interference in the election . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/inrfmMjU5Q
WATCH : Hilarious the @ blckriflecoffee guys imagine a conservative 'coming out ' https : //t.co/0lsPUNcvaO
The legacy media loves Hamas https : //t.co/KLHCxHNjsE
Border Patrol union endorses Sen. @ TedCruz for Senate https : //t.co/GMhyS7qFlW
Open-borders courts use our compassion against us — with deadly results https : //t.co/fYpTZ0LdPk
No sanctuary for babies : The court-ordered open-borders death toll https : //t.co/m2PrX7ewIS
RT @ CRTV : Despite all the Left ’ s strategic hokum about “ commonsense ” gun restrictions , the mask is slowly coming off and revealing to every…
WTF MSM ! ? What a way to celebrate Easter by NBC News https : //t.co/y688kIRfwN
Levin challenges Dems : Was your hero Cesar Chavez 'racist ' for opposing illegal immigration ? https : //t.co/JXcGsrCRlJ
RT @ marklevinshow : Cesar Chavez and his strong opposition to illegal immigration https : //t.co/qPGHZVbEWr
WTF MSM ! ? What a way to celebrate Easter by NBC News
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/y688kIRfwN
WTF MSM ! ? What a way to celebrate Easter by NBC News https : //t.co/y688kIRfwN
The legacy media loves Hamas
by : @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/KLHCxHNjsE
& gt ; & gt ; @ DBongino : 'This is n't immigration policy ; this is chaos . ' https : //t.co/f0fQOeu18d
WATCH : Hilarious @ blckriflecoffee guys imagine a conservative 'coming out ' https : //t.co/0lsPUNcvaO
Thoughts ?

Conservative congressmen : McCabe lied under oath , and we need a second special counsel https : //t.co/B7GX0xGP92
Who ’ s to blame for the current drug crisis ? Obama https : //t.co/yWn0MU25WN
Stop falling for the banana in the tailpipe
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/hJaVHIhTTi
Easter in 500 words or less , Part 3 : Resurrection Sunday
by : @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/FEOqUk02LT
RT @ CRTV : “ Why do you look for the living among the dead ? He is not here ; he has risen ! Remember how he told you , while he was still with y…
Easter in 500 words or less , Part 3 : Resurrection Sunday
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/FEOqUk02LT
Easter among the ashes https : //t.co/MOw7hSxhQm
RT @ CRTV : He is RISEN !

Happy # Easter everyone — from all of us at CRTV . https : //t.co/THDhngo0cw
RT @ TheSwampSeries : `` Too many damn career politicians ! '' https : //t.co/ZW82UL473g
Everything leftists declare a 'constitutional right ' results in ... more Democrat votes https : //t.co/E4UvZfE1Kx
WTF MSM ! ? Larry King says the Second Amendment was to stop slave uprisings https : //t.co/dDrF7blSzs
WATCH : Mattis jokes to Bolton , 'I heard that you 're actually the devil incarnate ' https : //t.co/ND7Tv7y4oC
Mark Levin 's simple message to pro-internet regulation 'conservatives ' : 'What the hell ? ' https : //t.co/Xan62FJVRH
RT @ TheSwampSeries : You 've NEVER seen conservative congressmen like this before .

@ RepDaveBrat @ RepRodBlum @ RepTomGarrett @ RepKenBuck htt…
via @ DavidLimbaugh : It depends on what the meaning of facts is https : //t.co/HpRKlHSvPb
Did withheld information help acquit Noor Salman ? https : //t.co/b8KjZpnI51
Easter in 500 words or less , Part 3 : Resurrection Sunday https : //t.co/FEOqUk02LT
The Media Matters thuggery behind the astroturfed boycott of Laura Ingraham https : //t.co/Gvdgi84Gku
WTF MSM ! ? The Hogg-tying of Laura Ingraham https : //t.co/LVzv0n0ltC
Conservative congressmen : McCabe lied under oath , and we need a second special counsel https : //t.co/B7GX0xGP92
`` Furthermore , if the most powerful being in all the cosmos highly values the freedom and dignity of each individual person that much , human authorities such as government should as well . '' - @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/WzKRXRLq5t
`` The Left takes pleasure in ruining the lives and livelihoods of conservatives who do not submit to their agenda . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/Gvdgi84Gku
`` [ U.S. ] Taxpayers shell out some $ 600 million annually to the Palestinians through USAID ( a State Department program ) , U.S. economic assistance , and U.S. contributions to the United Nations Palestinian refugee program . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/bWxZTI5sq6
`` Is VIPS trying to shut down President Trump ’ s preferred nominee for CIA director with the goal of giving Vladimir Putin momentum on the geopolitical chess board ? '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/I04soDMXNR
`` Who ’ s really obstructed justice ? Trump ? Or this leaker and liar McCabe ? '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/B7GX0xGP92
`` Amid the grotesque debasement of the Constitution , the only thing that has remained clear and consistent in our politics and jurisprudence is that anything bound to create votes for left-wing politicians is a fundamental right . '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/E4UvZfE1Kx
`` I sent a simple question to CNN ’ s vice president of communications this morning via email : 'Given the amount of time David Hogg is on CNN , I have a quick question . Is he compensated for that time monetarily ? Is he a paid contributor ? ' '' - @ Robeno

https : //t.co/LVzv0n0ltC
`` But all of that evidence couldn ’ t convince the jury of Salman ’ s guilt as a co-conspirator , after the bombshell revelation that the FBI had worked with the terrorist ’ s father as a paid informant for over a decade . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/b8KjZpnI51
`` It ’ s Nixon ’ s party again , not Reagan ’ s . And we ’ re all Keynesians now . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/5DFOQWcKfk
`` Yesterday , CNN ’ s Alysin Camerota moved from “ journalist ” to Hogg groupie as she gushed to Hogg , 'What kind of dumbass colleges don ’ t want you ? ' '' - @ Robeno

Read More and sign up for the WTF MSM ! ? newsletter === & gt ; https : //t.co/LVzv0n0ltC
Media Matters hides behind a child to instigate boycott of @ IngrahamAngle

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/Gvdgi84Gku
Did withheld information help acquit Noor Salman , the wife of jihadi Omar Mateen ?

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/b8KjZpnI51
RT @ thehill : EXCLUSIVE : Watch House conservatives air grievances with GOP leadership in clips from new docu-series https : //t.co/gJuM3BUvRX…
RT @ CRTV : `` This is not gun purchase restriction , and this is not mental health related . It 's pure and simple seizure ... ''

@ MichelleMalkin…
Easter in 500 words or less , Part 2 : Good Friday

via @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/WzKRXS31u3
The snitches in your kids ' dental office

via @ michellemalkin

https : //t.co/x3fwSSKCcE
RT @ CRTV : The wait is over @ GrahamAllen_1 's new show # RantNation is finally here .

Get 10 % off Annual with promo code RANT=== & gt ; https : //t.co…
Mattis to Bolton : `` I heard that you are actually the devil incarnate ''

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/ND7Tv7y4oC
Really @ kingsthings ?

https : //t.co/dDrF7blSzs
. @ DavidLimbaugh : It depends on what the meaning of facts is

Do you see the irony ?

https : //t.co/HpRKlHSvPb
Easter in 500 words or less , Part 2 : Good Friday https : //t.co/WzKRXS31u3
Palestinians double down on terrorist salaries as they face shutoff deadline for US aid https : //t.co/bWxZTI5sq6
Hypocritical House Republicans , you can take your balanced budget show vote and shove it https : //t.co/aa8MCXLHDR
Shadowy pro-Russia advocacy group behind attacks on CIA ’ s Haspel
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/I04soDMXNR
Everything leftists declare a 'constitutional right ' results in ... more Democrat votes
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/E4UvZfE1Kx
Trump infrastructure plan reeks of Keynes , not Reagan
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/5DFOQWcKfk
WTF MSM ! ? Larry King says the Second Amendment was to stop slave uprisings https : //t.co/dDrF7blSzs
WATCH : Mattis jokes to Bolton , 'I heard that you 're actually the devil incarnate ' https : //t.co/ND7Tv7y4oC
Mark Levin 's simple message to pro-internet regulation 'conservatives ' : 'What the hell ? ' https : //t.co/Xan62FJVRH
RT @ scrowder : STARTING SOON ! Hold on to your butts ! # ChangeMyMind LIVE # CrowderIllinoisTakeover & gt ; & gt ; https : //t.co/BBYDiTkohL
RT @ CRTV : # RantNation with @ GrahamAllen_1 has officially launched ! !

Watch now — only at CRTV :
https : //t.co/Z09xkXniHW

Today is the LAST D…
RT @ CRTV : Is it fair to say that @ WatchChad thinks we 're crazy ?
You be the judge —TONIGHT at 6pm ET —
`` Rant Nation with @ GrahamAllen_1 '' la…
Trump infrastructure plan reeks of Keynes , not Reagan https : //t.co/5DFOQWcKfk
Everything leftists declare a 'constitutional right ' results in ... more Democrat votes https : //t.co/E4UvZfE1Kx
Shadowy pro-Russia advocacy group behind attacks on CIA ’ s Haspel https : //t.co/I04soDMXNR
Levin : The liberal media wants to 'eliminate the Second Amendment ' https : //t.co/VBqpeuXzjy
WTF MSM ! ? Left-wing 'fact-checkers ' meet their match https : //t.co/BQvdsMze2o
Report : Obama admin . risked SS benefits of Americans to give 'Dreamers ' amnesty https : //t.co/e6yBnODt8T
Hypocritical House Republicans , you can take your balanced budget show vote and shove it
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/aa8MCXLHDR
RT @ CRTV : One million Baracks ?

Cloning the Obamas ? Yeah , no thanks !
@ deneenborelli says one Barack and one Michelle are QUITE enough , tha…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson , MD , as the new Secretary…
Dear @ ChrisCuomo :

Please see :

Ex . A : https : //t.co/Mg3fi03l6t

B : https : //t.co/WrKZbzVmYO

C : https : //t.co/aozWCLHQFa

D : https : //t.co/i2UYFtSZy6

E : https : //t.co/m4rlfwgIVa

Shall we go on ? https : //t.co/F1WlaMBnkk
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : The # MarxistMadness Final Four is set !

https : //t.co/8mpY0k4RpH https : //t.co/e4PEmHXSgC
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Unbelievable . https : //t.co/1tBRh1cAn0
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : National Firearms Act of 1934
Gun Control Act of 1968
FOPA
1994 Federal Assault Weapons Act
Countless other restriction…
Hypocritical House Republicans , you can take your balanced budget show vote and shove it https : //t.co/aa8MCXLHDR
Palestinians double down on terrorist salaries as they face shutoff deadline for US aid https : //t.co/bWxZTI5sq6
“ Christianity is the only religion that shows us what God , through Christ , has already done for us . ”
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/WzKRXS31u3
The big opioid myths and lies
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/Wsrz3lko0z
This is why @ CRTV is so important !

Become a subscriber to see the things YouTube , Facebook , and college campuses don ’ t want you to see !

Sign up for @ scrowder ’ s # MugClub now and get access to the entire lineup :
https : //t.co/PPi2PAF4lC https : //t.co/XnGdHcKWX3
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Part 2 of my 3-part series for @ CR on # HolyWeek -- we take a look at # GoodFriday . What is it ? And why does it still mat…
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW : @ GrahamAllen_1 from NYC 's Times Square
https : //t.co/Y7ebfbZTDV

***

Just one day left to get 20 % off your CRTV subscri…
Parents :
@ michellemalkin : The snitches in your kids ' dental office https : //t.co/x3fwSSKCcE
Levin : Brian Stelter is ‘ becoming the Dan Rather of CNN ’ https : //t.co/oMIb4I8DlE
The omnibus GROWS almost every area of spending Trump wanted to CUT
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/ke2kk4PRee
Fact-checking the signs at the March for Our Lives https : //t.co/ahnsluSVMK
This is why President Trump booted 60 Russian diplomats and spies https : //t.co/nGsezgkZaB
WTF MSM ! ? Yes , they want to grab guns
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/GN4ogyjjxK
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR https : //t.co/01iKfk4CBl https : //t.co/3fjwpP…
Refugee policies are killing us with 'compassion '
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/X69jqX2eZa
Democrat House candidate using Tinder to pick up voters https : //t.co/B3i4cM1xEe
No .

But this is what we face … https : //t.co/6QN1FhmjBy
The omnibus GROWS almost every area of spending Trump wanted to CUT https : //t.co/ke2kk4PRee
Mark Levin : The March for Our Lives was a 'pathetic , ' 'shameful , ' and 'disgusting ' 'joke ' https : //t.co/BJeeZRyUEM
Fact-checking the signs at the # MarchforOurLives
Don ’ t believe everything you read .

https : //t.co/ahnsluSVMK
Oops !
@ RepThomasMassie broke the one House rule you ’ re not supposed to break
# sassywithmassie
https : //t.co/lCYW0aYcHT
Is 'Journalism is activism ' as some would have you believe ?
Should it be ?
https : //t.co/efKBFFMLms
! ! !
@ SenMikeLee tells Mark Levin : Only voters can stop the next omnibus https : //t.co/g86TuUNIsS
Easter in 500 words or less , Part 1 : Palm Sunday https : //t.co/OldUV1V10N
‘ March for Our Lives ’ sign attacks Rubio , other pro-Second Amendment Catholics https : //t.co/yni8i8dJ5q
Blueprint for the new conservatives https : //t.co/FEgHYfUDJr
RT @ mkibbe : . @ RepThomasMassie is a reliable pain in the rear for every member of the Washington Establishment , and that makes him # badass.…
Levin : The March for Our Lives was a 'pathetic , ' 'shameful , ' and 'disgusting ' 'joke ' https : //t.co/BJeeZRyUEM
RT @ DeaceProducer : Here 's the way the # MarxistMadness bracket looks after two rounds : https : //t.co/w9Wyyqt0Ru
RT @ michellemalkin : Eternal vigilance against government meddlers & amp ; Nanny State snitches is the price of parenthood == & gt ;
@ TerriLaPoint @ Schw…
RT @ RMConservative : A very deep discussion on the meaning of conservatism and how to sell it with @ JarrinJackson https : //t.co/kVHr1k9DhI
RT @ CRTV : Are you ready for this week ’ s outrageous example of the Nanny State run amok ?
It involves the government-manufactured crime of “ …
Wow ! @ RepThomasMassie broke the one House rule you 're not supposed to break — and he wants your rep to do it too
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
# sassywithmassie
https : //t.co/lCYW0aYcHT
WTF MSM ! ? 'Journalism is activism ' https : //t.co/efKBFFMLms
RT @ CRTV : # TalkMillennial :
@ ConservMillen & amp ; @ antonia_okafor discuss whether Millennials are the `` gun control generation '' and what the futu…
This is why President Trump just booted 60 Russian diplomats and spies https : //t.co/nGsezgkZaB via @ JordanSchachtel
. @ SenMikeLee tells Mark @ LevinTV : Only voters can stop the next omnibus https : //t.co/g86TuUNIsS
RT @ CRTV : College campuses are turning into battlegrounds over the Constitution .

Campus Reform editor-in-chief @ LawrenceBJones3 sits down…
Easter in 500 words or less , Part 1 : Palm Sunday
from @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/OldUV1V10N
RT @ CRTV : Sneak Preview : # RantNation with @ GrahamAllen_1

Sign up now at CRTV :
https : //t.co/2EtzuNujJT https : //t.co/pslb3pEPAP
RT @ michellemalkin : One of the most enlightening moments from the Million Gun-Grabbers March this weekend == & gt ; https : //t.co/PzdVctDRdN
‘ March for Our Lives ’ sign attacks Rubio , other pro-Second Amendment Catholics
via @ NateMaddenCRTV
https : //t.co/yni8i8dJ5q
Blueprint for the new conservatives
https : //t.co/FEgHYfUDJr via @ RMConservative
Hmm …something tells us that we won ’ t be seeing CNN at the # MarchForLife … but maybe Twitter will give it a cute little hashtag emoji ? https : //t.co/oHZEI7gbtS
Levin : That 'good-for-nothing ' McConnell 'eviscerated ' our constitutional system with the omnibus https : //t.co/KQmcfzJ63e
RT @ CRTV : Try CRTV 🆓 for 30 days :
https : //t.co/GHY2vodSRU

@ conservmillen
@ WilkowMajority
@ deneenborelli
@ Gavin_McInnes
@ DuckCommanderP…
10 ways the GOP sold you out in the omnibus spending bill https : //t.co/BYbNeWcaAR
RT @ CRTV : `` You want to see what # FreedomofSpeech is like ? I 'm going to make sure nobody talks to you while you 're here . — You might as well…
10 ways the GOP sold you out in the omnibus spending bill https : //t.co/BYbNeWcaAR via @ RMConservative
The unaccountable FBI is the problem https : //t.co/j1X5Eu72ot
RT @ CRTV : Oh .

When was the last time you all did that for the # MarchForLife ? https : //t.co/zD1iP38nBf
HS student at # MarchForOurLives says that a bump-stock ban is an “ inch ” and they want to take a “ mile . ”

Then demands # AssaultWeaponsBan …

This is about GUN CONTROL .
This is about GUN CONTROL .
This is about GUN CONTROL .
This is about GUN CONTROL .
This is about GUN CONTROL .
There is no red state in this country https : //t.co/Jxn96oLLzu
‘ Bloody Gina ’ Haspel libel is the work of a Russian-funded propagandist https : //t.co/3K2sJgFhZi via @ JordanSchachtel
Vote Alert : Advance a massive $ 1.3 trillion omnibus that funds Democrat priorities

Why did so few Republicans vote to stop this behemoth ?
https : //t.co/256erqYZ8Z
Biden vs. Trump : Not the fight we need but the fight we deserve https : //t.co/aLXY14FIr0
WTF MSM ! ? Deranged conspiracy theories https : //t.co/fncXd1hQaj
Listen to @ deneenborelli ’ s latest podcast ! https : //t.co/uio1Rq5CPL
President Trump signs the $ 1.3 trillion omnibus that NO ONE READ https : //t.co/472QKCpTN6 via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Now ! https : //t.co/JPBHGESNp3
Conservatoons : That 's not much help ... https : //t.co/3s1JSjeVvW
@ rrman48 @ CRTV @ RMConservative It isn ’ t a binary choice . We don ’ t “ pick a side ” but our individual writers and hosts evaluate his actions on their own merits . We give you ideas and commentary and let you decide for yourself .

Here is CRTV ’ s daily report on the WH : https : //t.co/9piUbCFlxV
Are you ready for 'Marxist Madness ' on CRTV ? https : //t.co/IaULY0EneM
RT @ CRTV : Trump just made himself a lame duck after only 13 months
Listen to The Conservative Conscience Ep . 206 feat . @ RMConservative
h…
RT @ CRTV : How do swampy politicians keep getting away with wasting YOUR money ? !

@ RepTomGarrett , R-Va. , tells @ NateMaddenCRTV that many co…
There is no red state in this country https : //t.co/Jxn96p3mr2 via @ RMConservative
RT @ RoamingMil : This is literally the only thing you ’ ve done right this entire month . https : //t.co/XKngLtWUmU
‘ Bloody Gina ’ Haspel libel is the work of a Russian-funded propagandist https : //t.co/3K2sJgnGAI by @ JordanSchachtel
‘ Bloody Gina ’ Haspel libel is the work of a Russian-funded propagandist https : //t.co/3K2sJgFhZi via @ JordanSchachtel
Vote Alert : Advance a massive $ 1.3 trillion omnibus that funds Democrat priorities https : //t.co/256erqYZ8Z
Biden vs. Trump : Not the fight we need but the fight we deserve https : //t.co/aLXY14FIr0
Are you ready for # MarxistMadness on @ CRTV ?
via @ SteveDeaceShow & amp ; @ DeaceProducer
https : //t.co/IaULY0EneM
WTF MSM ! ? Deranged conspiracy theories https : //t.co/fncXd1hQaj via @ Robeno
President Trump signs the $ 1.3 trillion omnibus that NO ONE READ https : //t.co/472QKC8iow via @ ChrisCPandolfo
RT @ CRTV : Try CRTV ’ s Lineup 🆓 for 30 days :
https : //t.co/GHY2vnWi0m

@ conservmillen
@ WilkowMajority
@ deneenborelli
@ Gavin_McInnes
@ DuckC…
RT @ CRTV : How do swampy politicians keep getting away with wasting YOUR money ? !

@ RepTomGarrett , R-Va. , tells @ NateMaddenCRTV that many Co…
RT @ CRTV : Self-made millionaire and chart-topping rapper @ iamcardib , posted a rant to Instagram saying she 's paying 40 % of her income in ta…
attn : @ McConaughey https : //t.co/wAltOkNFzQ
President Trump signs the $ 1.3 trillion omnibus that NO ONE READ https : //t.co/472QKCpTN6
RT @ CRTV : Women have the right to protect themselves .
Period . ~ @ Conservmillen

Watch the *full* episode — only at CRTV :
https : //t.co/5e…
Here are the House Republicans who attempted to stop the train wreck that is the # Omnibus :

https : //t.co/6IIJI73cu9 https : //t.co/7kB2OixivR
Why did so few Republicans vote against moving this vote procedurally forward before there was time to even read the bill , let alone secure conservative reforms ?

Vote Alert : Advance a massive $ 1.3 trillion # omnibus that funds Democrat priorities https : //t.co/256erqYZ8Z
Biden vs. Trump : Not the fight we need but the fight we deserve
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/aLXY14FIr0
RT @ JordanSchachtel : ‘ Bloody Gina ’ Haspel libel is the work of a Russian-funded propagandist https : //t.co/D5eQdwaJIm
Footnotes : Videos emerge in the Austin bombings and in the Las Vegas shooting https : //t.co/Pf5NIGO9ED
RT @ RMConservative : Make the veto great again and make Congress lame again https : //t.co/A6JNBEtboU
There is no red state in this country
What have Republicans done in your lifetime that makes you proud enough to shout it from the rooftops ? asks @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/Jxn96oLLzu
RT @ michellemalkin : Just do it . https : //t.co/weZ54csbxT
Authoritarianism for me but not for thee
via @ DavidLimbaugh
https : //t.co/dQTCxmxadC
The unaccountable FBI is the problem https : //t.co/j1X5Eu72ot
via @ TomBorelli
Wonder if @ realDonaldTrump read @ RMConservative ’ s piece ?
https : //t.co/BYbNeWcaAR https : //t.co/Tug7NTniu4
Levin : McConnell needs to step down and Trump needs to veto the omnibus ! https : //t.co/VuK91JT3Wr via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Rep. Jim Jordan : Omnibus 'may be the worst bill I have seen ' https : //t.co/ZnzYrJ6vpv via @ ChrisCPandolfo
RT @ scrowder : Love the # CrowderSMUTakeover ? Maybe I can come to YOUR school . Go to https : //t.co/OR32sYarDG
RT @ CRTV : Right now :
@ scrowder holding court with Q & amp ; A—
https : //t.co/kf79O3Sm9u https : //t.co/yyqCjZRYOK
Hint : @ SvenComputer = svelte https : //t.co/M4oVgFxfzb
WATCH HERE :
https : //t.co/oIkVu4xYJ8 https : //t.co/ghgULCb67R
Follow him at @ SvenComputer
# BeepBeep
# CrowderSMUTakeover
RT @ RandPaul : I shared 600 pages tonight . I ’ m done tweeting them for the evening . If they insist on voting , I will vote no because it spend…
RT @ michellemalkin : Homeland insecurity alert == & gt ; https : //t.co/1ucpTkdNEC
RT @ CRTV : Almost time ...
https : //t.co/kf79O3Sm9u

# CrowderSMUTakeover

Watch it LIVE :
https : //t.co/kf79O3Sm9u https : //t.co/5kWIGlU6zc
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : A women 's health issue ? Half of the babies killed by abortion are little baby girls ! What about their health ?

Watch m…
Levin : McConnell needs to step down and Trump needs to veto the omnibus ! https : //t.co/VuK91JT3Wr
Only 25 House Republicans tried to block the $ 1.3 trillion omnibus https : //t.co/6IIJI73cu9
Louisiana Sen. Kennedy on the omnibus : 'Yeah , it sucks ' and takes a 'whiz ' on every American taxpayer https : //t.co/1T7mzzZmXJ
RT @ scrowder : MUG CLUBBERS bring mugs ( or proof of membership ) to SMU ! Doors open for you at 6pm . You 'll get access to our Mug Club after p…
WTF MSM ! ? Trump Derangement Syndrome strikes again https : //t.co/g65A9h19FI
RT @ CRTV : IT 'S TIME !
The # MarxistMadness Selection Show from the @ SteveDeaceShow feat . @ DeaceProducer

Watch the entire episode at CRTV :
ht…
Is he trolling … or is he really not familiar with Bolton ’ s CV ?

¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯

.
.
( *NB : edited for clarity , deleted original tweet ) https : //t.co/HOEdPDAGwP
Oh , BTW https : //t.co/jgt5cbzdql
Read with @ RandPaul might be more tiring than standing with him… 2200+ is a LOT of pages . https : //t.co/IfMfza1VAi
Sen @ RandPaul is live-tweeting the 2018 omnibus
... and you won ’ t like what he found
https : //t.co/p5aV6GZBXA via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Rand Paul is live-tweeting the 2018 omnibus — and you won ’ t like what he found https : //t.co/p5aV6GZBXA via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Footnotes : Videos emerge in the Austin bombings and in the Las Vegas shooting https : //t.co/Pf5NIGO9ED
via @ josephkoss
WTF MSM ! ? Trump Derangement Syndrome strikes again https : //t.co/g65A9h19FI via @ Robeno
Hey @ RMConservative — is this a real thing ?

This should be # 11 on your list :

https : //t.co/BYbNeWcaAR https : //t.co/KBlaKnwWEi
Louisiana Sen. Kennedy on the omnibus : 'Yeah , it sucks ' and takes a 'whiz ' on every American taxpayer https : //t.co/1T7mzzZmXJ via @ ChrisCPandolfo
ISWYDT 😏 https : //t.co/ZqVTlrEzMt
After party ! ?
😎 https : //t.co/aFPBHZhRFz
Our deepest sympathies and prayers to Rep. Cramer , his family , and the all the loved ones of Isaac .

May he rest in peace . https : //t.co/oD5dolU88Z
Only 25 House Republicans tried to block the $ 1.3 trillion omnibus https : //t.co/6IIJI73cu9 via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Levin : Mitch McConnell should be removed after 'shocking ' and 'disgusting ' corruption allegations https : //t.co/11AZ7dVZ22
stacks on stacks https : //t.co/9G7yWeC3IR
Rep. @ Jim_Jordan : Omnibus 'may be the worst bill I have seen ' https : //t.co/ZnzYrJ6vpv via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Levin : Mitch McConnell should be removed after 'shocking ' and 'disgusting ' corruption allegations https : //t.co/11AZ7dVZ22 via @ ChrisCPandolfo
🤬🤬🤬 https : //t.co/Y1G25W6f1j
10 ways the GOP sold you out in the omnibus spending bill https : //t.co/BYbNeWcaAR via @ RMConservative
RT @ RMConservative : 10 ways the GOP sold you out in the omnibus spending bill https : //t.co/UdhRl2eJun via @ RMConservative
RT @ CRTV : Social Justice Warrior Christianity is sweeping across our nation ’ s churches .
In this episode of Bible Matters , @ ConservMillen e…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Luckily , my Firepower 101 miniseries is still up and running @ CRTV . https : //t.co/BA4ST6Rb3F
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : My latest column for @ CR on why I 'm hoping the @ Disney CEO runs for president , because the glaring contradiction it wou…
RT @ jiwallner : Smoking kills . Even second-hand smoke is bad for you . https : //t.co/zEFtUK2mgO
RT @ gastonmooney : One hour of debate on $ 1.3 trillion and 2000+ pages ...

Seems reasonable . https : //t.co/gV0dyhB49r
RT @ scottwongDC : . @ GOPLeader 's office confirms : Rule vote at 10:30 a.m. Thursday , then omnibus vote 12:30 to 1:30 p.m. ( if all goes well ! ) …
RT @ michellemalkin : Have you subscribed to @ cr 's footnotes yet ?
Check out today 's edition here :
https : //t.co/rha6z7ys8Z
Sign up here :
htt…
via @ michellemalkin : Another fatal FBI fumble in Florida https : //t.co/P1Kqwmilmr
& gt ; @ benshapiro : Stop making children into moral authorities https : //t.co/juwAFudXY6
What part of ‘ fair share ’ doesn ’ t the Left understand ?
The bottom 40 percent pay NO taxes and get money OUT of the system .
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/FvxZwc223V
Bob Iger for president ? Yes , please
Wouldn ’ t it be fun to watch the $ 400 million man pander to the Bernie Sanders crowd ? ”
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/IFef9VC9L9
The Trump-Putin phone call is irrelevant . North Korea is building nukes
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/V5klpjci8F
“ VA GOP Senate candidates split on feds strong-arming states over sanctuary cities

“ Should the federal government step in towards states who openly disregard federal laws , such as sanctuary cities ? ” ” https : //t.co/3eRVGrhQQE
WTF MSM ! ? Google wants to fight 'fake news '
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/iqsyTlGqOs
“ Chris McDaniel slams Mississippi establishment for appointing former Democrat to U.S. Senate
“ The last thing the state of Mississippi needs in Washington is another moderate Democrat. ” ” https : //t.co/xrY7e0I1xD
“ Footnotes : Won ’ t you be my neighbor ?
America needs Mr. Rogers . ”
by : @ josephkoss
https : //t.co/Y5twstGi0l
RT @ CRTV : SJW Christians , like their secular counterparts , miss the target on some pretty important principles .

Watch the full @ ConservMi…
RT @ RandPaul : A good defense of my friend and ally @ SenMikeLee . Ridiculous to say this about him . https : //t.co/My7dn4neLw
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : McDaniel statement : https : //t.co/qzmdqGdw7z
Bob Iger for president ? Yes , please
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/IFef9VC9L9
The Trump-Putin phone call is irrelevant . North Korea is building nukes https : //t.co/V5klpjci8F
VA GOP Senate candidates split on feds strong-arming states over sanctuary cities https : //t.co/3eRVGrhQQE
RT @ CRTV : The city of Baltimore is launching an effort to support — not students , not law enforcement — but ILLEGAL ALIENS ?
@ DeneenBorelli…
RT @ rachelbovard : To whip the 900 page # omnibus that MIGHT be posted at noon . That gives members an hour and 45 mins to read a huge spendin…
He 's right you know .

@ benshapiro : Stop making children into moral authorities https : //t.co/juwAFudXY6
What part of ‘ fair share ’ doesn ’ t the Left understand ? https : //t.co/FvxZwc223V
This needs to stop .
@ michellemalkin : Another fatal FBI fumble in Florida https : //t.co/P1Kqwmilmr
“ Levin : We are ‘ unmoored ’ from the Constitution
“ Look at the bureaucracy . Look at the power of the bureaucracy. ” ” https : //t.co/CHAk2ohMQU
Mississippi governor intends to appoint former Democrat to Cochran 's Senate seat https : //t.co/RhQy0YH19Z
“ Police say armed school resource officer stopped shooting in Maryland
“ He pursued the shooter and engaged the shooter. ” ” https : //t.co/vlja99WmrD
Levin blows up the BS , delivers BEATDOWN to 'dirty cops ' McCabe and Comey https : //t.co/MYO5pRJEd8
Levin : We are 'unmoored ' from the Constitution https : //t.co/CHAk2ozofu
RT @ CRTV : Pro-abortion cronyism ?
Outright speech-policing ?
Just more business as usual from the state of California .

@ NateMaddenCRTV wit…
Hey @ Courtneyscoffs , since @ scrowder is still in Twitter-Jail … what do you think about this for the next # mugclub ? ?

😂 https : //t.co/gSrfp2qZzI
For cryin ' out loud ...

“ Mississippi governor intends to appoint former Democrat to Cochran ’ s Senate seat
The Establishment at work. ” https : //t.co/RhQy0YYCyz
“ Austin package bombs : What we know so far
Authorities scramble to find mystery serial package bomber . ”
via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/wiSVl3fVDY
🔥🚨🇺🇸 https : //t.co/aWSmEceIQQ
RT @ CRTV : Get Off My Lawn Podcast w/ @ Gavin_McInnes
| 've Had A Lot of Friends Die of Heroin Overdoses
https : //t.co/5Qrsa0MOiO
RT @ JordanSchachtel : My take : phone call debate is empty politics . Trump 's right to focus on big picture American interests . Keep in mind w…
RT @ CRTV : The week Republicans lose the midterms
Ep . 204 of the Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/plqEcnW2R3
State Department approved anti-Trump articles by pro-Iran deal official https : //t.co/yzlpiY9r9T
Police say armed school resource officer stopped shooting in Maryland https : //t.co/vlja99ELA5
WTF MSM ! ? John Oliver sets internet bullies on Mike Pence ’ s 24-year-old daughter over children ’ s book https : //t.co/TRULihyrU4
Fact check : No , Sen. Mike Lee is not an 'Iran helper ' https : //t.co/O20uK46j2y
RT @ CRTV : A conversation with @ SenatorMcDaniel on his runs for Senate in Mississippi # MSSen
The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative…
“ SCOTUS loves DACA : One-way federalism and the coming banana republic
SCOTUS silence on Obama ’ s amnesty is really approval. ” https : //t.co/7H4QlYyZy5
WTF MSM ! ? Shapiro calls out CNN ’ s biased coverage in Stelter interview https : //t.co/tuBXYgxlZd
Levin blows up the BS , delivers BEATDOWN to 'dirty cops ' McCabe and Comey https : //t.co/MYO5pS1fBI
RT @ GrahamAllen_1 : Taking Ranting to a Whole New Level🇺🇸 Use code Rant20 and get a whole year of @ CRTV with my show @ scrowder @ DuckCommande…
RT @ wesleydenton : The promise was not for “ parts of 3 days ” it was for “ at least 72 hours ” https : //t.co/BQU3gMG2Pu https : //t.co/30wNGilEP3
Levin : Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein is a 'saboteur ' running cover for the Democrats ! https : //t.co/xGGTCMpgXs
RT @ CRTV : WILKOW ! only on CRTV
starring @ WilkowMajority

If you have n't seen the show , and have n't subscribed to CRTV yet , try it out NOW…
“ State Department approved anti-Trump articles by pro-Iran deal official
‘ Trump ’ s dangerous shift on Iran ’ author received approval from Foggy Bottom. ” https : //t.co/yzlpiY9r9T
Mr. President : It ’ s time to make your veto pen great again — or be a lame duck https : //t.co/ok8gx1RvKL
How low !
John Oliver fans vandalize Amazon reviews of Pence family book https : //t.co/zL4IUgXghc
WTF MSM ! ? @ BenShapiro calls out CNN ’ s biased coverage in Stelter interview https : //t.co/tuBXYgxlZd
RT @ RMConservative : Republicans are placing into omnibus re-insurance program , CSRs , and state bailout funds , all of which will go to insur…
Mr. President : It ’ s time to make your veto pen great again — or be a lame duck https : //t.co/ok8gx1RvKL via @ RMConservative
It was n't even fair .

https : //t.co/tuBXYgxlZd
“ 5 things to know about Chris McDaniel , GOP candidate for Senate in Mississippi
“ I ’ m just tired of Republicans campaigning like conservatives and then voting like Democrats. ” ” https : //t.co/XLIxA8uNYd
“ Hillary Clinton : The return of the Swamp Thing
via @ SteveDeaceShow
” https : //t.co/2lvBnyArZB
“ Bombshell report : Mueller is asking about post-election events , not investigating collusion
Mueller is asking Trump ’ s lawyers about firing FBI Director James Comey , raising questions of obstruction. ” https : //t.co/clJIUr3Ia1
“ State Department approved anti-Trump articles by pro-Iran deal official
‘ Trump ’ s dangerous shift on Iran ’ author received approval from Foggy Bottom . ”
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/yzlpiY9r9T
Mr. President : It ’ s time to make your veto pen great again — or be a lame duck
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/ok8gx1RvKL
Whoa . https : //t.co/J5TwBkms3l
State Department approved anti-Trump articles by pro-Iran deal official https : //t.co/yzlpiY9r9T
Bombshell report : Mueller is asking about post-election events , not investigating collusion https : //t.co/clJIUr3Ia1
Hillary Clinton : The return of the Swamp Thing
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/2lvBnyArZB
5 things to know about Chris McDaniel , GOP candidate for Senate in Mississippi
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
# MSSen
https : //t.co/XLIxA8uNYd
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Important thread here .

The humanity of an unborn child ( or any human being , for that matter ) is n't dependent upon how…
Levin : Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein is a 'saboteur ' running cover for the Democrats !
via @ kpshiver3
https : //t.co/xGGTCMpgXs
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : # NailedIt https : //t.co/fBaAjd2ogO
RT @ JordanSchachtel : FISA court was created in the aftermath of Watergate . It was supposed to provide check on potential extrajudicial acti…
Snarky , but 🎯

If you like his sort of wit , subscribe to his daily newsletter :

Footnotes •
https : //t.co/bJmJboqbr4 https : //t.co/AUVL9Igwv0
WTF MSM ! ? After ProPublica correction , erroneous 'torture ' reporting was not corrected by NYT and CNN for almost a day https : //t.co/jZMxQsc3KH
She needs to go away .
@ DavidLimbaugh : Hillary 's hateful harangue https : //t.co/7cudXOnazG
Report : Trump opioid crisis plan to include death penalty for drug dealers https : //t.co/q25RrMey26
CRTV announces new pilot series with viral video star @ GrahamAllen_1 https : //t.co/IQ7rEOeoX6
What have your local school boards and superintendents been failing to do for you ?

@ michellemalkin : Look homeward , 'change agents ' https : //t.co/qk0XV98Ey9
Jeff Flake , you 're out of touch and you ca n't beat Trump
# SorryNotSorry
https : //t.co/RAnqDTGQds
via @ marklevinshow : Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein is a 'saboteur ' running cover for the Democrats ! https : //t.co/xGGTCMpgXs
Levin : Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein is a 'saboteur ' running cover for the Democrats ! https : //t.co/xGGTCMpgXs
RT @ CRTV : James Clapper — you know , the goofball ?
He was a leaker .
Comey was a leaker .
McCabe was a leaker .
Strzok was a leaker .
Page was a…
Jeff Flake , you 're out of touch and you ca n't beat Trump https : //t.co/RAnqDTGQds
What have your local school boards and superintendents been failing to do for you ?

@ michellemalkin : Look homeward , 'change agents ' https : //t.co/qk0XV98Ey9
What are local school boards and superintendents been failing to do for you ?
@ michellemalkin says : Look homeward , 'change agents ' https : //t.co/qk0XV98Ey9
CRTV announces new pilot series with viral video star @ GrahamAllen_1 https : //t.co/IQ7rEOeoX6
WTF MSM ! ? CNN equates ICE enforcement to the Holocaust https : //t.co/AkiPDKTjSv
Report : Trump opioid crisis plan to include death penalty for drug dealers https : //t.co/q25RrMey26
How about that ? Revenue stays the same after massive tax cut https : //t.co/iJbVbYhrRi
RT @ CRTV : Do n't miss today 's fiery special edition of The Dan Bongino Show !

Check out the scoop on the McCabe firing , Jeff Sessions & amp ; what…
Levin : ‘ Executioner ’ Robert Mueller ignores Democrat Russian collusion to go after Trump https : //t.co/2pVa3VuXrp
Trump is right on drug traffickers : Heroin and fentanyl are killing US https : //t.co/XctPWIPlFh
She needs to go away .
@ DavidLimbaugh : Hillary 's hateful harangue https : //t.co/7cudXOnazG
Jeff Flake , you 're out of touch and you ca n't beat Trump https : //t.co/RAnqDTGQds
NeverTrumper Bushie misses Mark in attack on Levin
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/7yI89MbG4v
Conservatoons : Button diplomacy https : //t.co/zMpV1m3vbm
WTF MSM ! ? After ProPublica correction , erroneous 'torture ' reporting was not corrected by NYT and CNN for almost a day https : //t.co/jZMxQsc3KH
Levin : Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein is a 'saboteur ' running cover for the Democrats ! https : //t.co/xGGTCMpgXs
RT @ CRTV : Get Off My Lawn Podcast w/ @ Gavin_McInnes — The Best Childhood https : //t.co/eo1GxdWhlz
Mattis Pentagon goes rogue , defies POTUS , backs Iran nuke deal
by : @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/9JkRuDVIC7
Jeff Flake , you 're out of touch and you ca n't beat Trump
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/RAnqDTGQds
CRTV announces new pilot series with viral video star @ GrahamAllen_1 https : //t.co/IQ7rEOeoX6
How about that ? Revenue stays the same after massive tax cut https : //t.co/iJbVbYhrRi
Report : Trump opioid crisis plan to include death penalty for drug dealers https : //t.co/q25RrMey26
Conservatoons : Button diplomacy https : //t.co/zMpV1m3vbm
WTF MSM ! ? After ProPublica correction , erroneous 'torture ' reporting was not corrected by NYT and CNN for almost a day https : //t.co/jZMxQsc3KH
RT @ Robeno : Hey @ brianstelter what took so long . Funny how it was corrected after I sent my newsletter . Coincidence ?

https : //t.co/ruD0TWWl…
RT @ marklevinshow : NeverWehner https : //t.co/yj0G5ecjAD
We need ‘ tough ’
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/ia0r41EMFM
Jeff Flake , you 're out of touch and you ca n't beat Trump https : //t.co/RAnqDTGQds
NeverTrumper Bushie misses Mark in attack on Levin https : //t.co/7yI89MbG4v
RT @ PoliticalShort : The kind of blanket stereotypes that permeate our schools and the grievance mongering that manifests itself in so-calle…
& gt ; & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : Hillary 's hateful harangue https : //t.co/7cudXOnazG
Our deepest sympathies and prayers to her family , staff , and colleagues .

May she rest in peace . https : //t.co/Nwv1EvAg1c
RT @ RepDeSantis : I want to extend my condolences to the family of Lt. Caleb King , who was killed earlier this week when his F/A-18F Super H…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Ummm
1 . Take a look at the state of conservative student activism on campus these days .
2 . Getting young people into GO…
RT @ RMConservative : The cartels control the entire smuggling process , so when we advertise that `` children '' get amnesty , even those who dont…
Levin : ‘ Executioner ’ Robert Mueller ignores Democrat Russian collusion to go after Trump https : //t.co/2pVa3VuXrp
Trump is right on drug traffickers : Heroin and fentanyl are killing US https : //t.co/XctPWIPlFh
Watch live right now :
https : //t.co/1qRgmkj5Pe https : //t.co/zJ9SJPp3QF
👀 https : //t.co/HL9CgqUUHS
This is a different @ scrowder tonight — different good , but different .

# war
# FreeCrowder @ jack https : //t.co/Y3zZKQKSTL
Same .
Don ’ t tell @ CRTV https : //t.co/KaSDPy9CRF
Hopefully Twitter won ’ t put *us* in the time-out chair for tweeting about @ scrowder ’ s LIVE show :
https : //t.co/1qRgmkj5Pe

Let ’ s see if YouTube takes this one down 🙄

# FreeCrowder https : //t.co/LO5fiDoGP0
RT @ Courtneyscoffs : # FreeCrowder on now ! https : //t.co/8lTaXOfXju https : //t.co/lpqxblWNwI
RT @ CRTV : Sick of the MSM carrying the water for Obama and Hillary ’ s legacies ?
Want real journalism on national security and foreign polic…
Credit where it is due .

We agree , children should not be used to score political points . https : //t.co/3uZX9MY908
@ Matheias_Akila @ WhstleBritches @ RepRubenGallego @ us_navyseals @ RyanZinke We actually linked to the entire video :
https : //t.co/5JBArMLIwo

It does appear to be collegial , but it doesn ’ t seem like the best place to make jokes the public may not understand .
RT @ CRTV : The @ SteveDeaceShow Ep249 | A Conversation With @ chiproytx https : //t.co/73irM0hBQx https : //t.co/xlepVCHNkU
This is why we need more gun laws , or something . https : //t.co/KUy9baUk6Z
Report : Trump opioid crisis plan to include death penalty for drug dealers https : //t.co/q25RrMey26
CRTV announces new pilot series with viral video star Graham Allen https : //t.co/IQ7rEOeoX6
RT @ Robeno : . @ cnn equating immigration enforcement with the Holocaust is disgusting .

https : //t.co/h66XbqroL1
RT @ amber_athey : This is absolutely disgusting .

Three JROTC students died during the Parkland shooting , including Peter Wang , who helped…
Mattis Pentagon goes rogue , defies POTUS , backs Iran nuke deal https : //t.co/9JkRuDVIC7
Here is the full exchange between @ RyanZinke and @ RepRubenGallego ( 20:15 on ) :
https : //t.co/oG129S80XU
Reports : Nancy Pelosi 's days in leadership are numbered https : //t.co/J3HG44xlfn
We know that @ RepRubenGallego is a Marine himself , but this ribbing may not play as well in the halls of Congress as it does elsewhere .
@ NatResources https : //t.co/23OlCW4khj
Wait . WHAT ! ?

Did @ RepRubenGallego just say : `` I know you 're a @ us_navyseals and math might be difficult ... '' to @ RyanZinke ? https : //t.co/4jEbmLYQlg
RT @ JordanSchachtel : U never asked me for comment . Embarrassing water carrying . I broke every story u discuss , yet u do n't reach out . My wo…
RT @ michellemalkin : Left-wing media 's response to competition is n't to be better , but to disparage and delegitimize . @ JordanSchachtel at @ c…
RT @ marklevinshow : Coming to CRTV ! Check this out ! https : //t.co/0OO0iRxTvi
WTF MSM ! ? Twitter suspends Steven Crowder for undercover LGBTQ video

via @ Robeno
# FreeCrowder
https : //t.co/cX4TDLVXpd
Conservatives fight back against Steven Crowder Twitter suspension with # FreeCrowder
https : //t.co/YDA9epAqm1
Footnotes : Crowder SUSPENDED , another known wolf , and the abuse of men

# FreeCrowder

https : //t.co/0H8I6B0L1M
RT @ CRTV : Watch the Louder with Crowder video Twitter and YouTube do n't want you to see .

# FreeCrowder

https : //t.co/5Q87mIoz1I
RT @ CRTV : Look who 's coming to CRTV == & gt ; https : //t.co/MHi2AvqZsr
Tackling Silicon Valley speech police with Dennis Prager
# FreeCrowder

https : //t.co/CqQK6vi1BA
`` If Republicans are going to get slaughtered in 2018 , shouldn ’ t they at least try to implement what they say are Republican and conservative positions — rather than dying for the other side ’ s agenda ? '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/MtHQH2bT6C
Levin : Anti-gun school walkouts put public education ’ s leftist propaganda on full display

https : //t.co/Xh8LimHoed
by @ michellemalkin : Look homeward , 'change agents ' — Here 's what really needs to change to improve school safety in America
https : //t.co/qk0XV98Ey9
The media is letting Trump off the hook
by @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/jBgLzzXocX
Footnotes : Crowder SUSPENDED , another known wolf , and the abuse of men
via @ josephkoss
https : //t.co/0H8I6B0L1M
WTF MSM ! ? Twitter suspends Steven Crowder for undercover LGBTQ video
by @ Robeno
https : //t.co/cX4TDLVXpd
Rebranded 'Doctors for Obama ' group pushes doctors ' notes 'excusing ' kids for # NationalWalkoutDay
by @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/M7DFYgv2hV
RT @ CRTV : Joining @ RoamingMil on the latest episode of RMU : @ TRobinsonNewEra discusses the UK 's problem with radical Islam , the government'…
Republicans are giving voters no reason to support them https : //t.co/MtHQH2bT6C
Rebranded 'Doctors for Obama ' group pushes doctors ' notes 'excusing ' kids for # NationalWalkoutDay
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/M7DFYgv2hV
The media is letting Trump off the hook https : //t.co/jBgLzzXocX
Read @ benshapiro : Until Democrats come to grips with why Hillary lost , Trump will keep winning https : //t.co/0D8maxuv9X
Footnotes : @ scrowder SUSPENDED — # FreeCrowder ,
another known wolf ,
and the abuse of men
via @ josephkoss
https : //t.co/0H8I6B0L1M
“ Mike Pompeo as CIA director has done an outstanding job. ” - @ LevinTV
https : //t.co/ioA1K1M6zL
“ What have your local school boards and superintendents been failing to do for you ? ”
asks @ michellemalkin
https : //t.co/qk0XV98Ey9
RT @ CRTV : Hillary , stop blaming “ deplorables ” for the election .
You lost . Get over it . America dumped you .
They want their manufacturing…
RT @ CRTV : Guess who has a new CRTV podcast ? 🎧
@ ConservMillen ! !
***
Presenting :
`` relatable w/ Allie Stuckey ''
***
Subscribe via iTunes :
http…
We will carry the # FreeSven flag !
🤖💻
# BeepBeep
# FreeCrowder https : //t.co/yZbEEc97EN
RT @ RMConservative : My podcast with @ RepJimButler on health care and what a winning messaging looks like . this is brilliant https : //t.co/Gu…
WTF MSM ! ? Twitter suspends @ scrowder for undercover LGBTQ video
# FreeCrowder
https : //t.co/cX4TDLVXpd
RT @ CurtisHouck : Conservatives fight back against Steven Crowder Twitter suspension with # FreeCrowder https : //t.co/a7BHZtaZJw via @ ChrisCPa…
Rebranded 'Doctors for Obama ' group pushes doctors ' notes 'excusing ' kids for # NationalWalkoutDay https : //t.co/M7DFYgv2hV
RT @ CRTV : Best way to watch the @ scrowder video that @ Jack and @ YouTube don ’ t want you to see ?

At its source — CRTV :
https : //t.co/wc5wPakF…
RT @ JamesOKeefeIII : While we 're unsure why exactly Twitter suspended @ scrowder , we have our suspicions . This undercover audio of a Twitter…
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : A+ tweet # FreeCrowder https : //t.co/J7aHcYflyc
# FreeSvenComputer
# BeepBeep https : //t.co/cZUJGGMprJ
RT @ CRTV : One of the reasons CRTV is so necessary is that we don ’ t rely on PC mobs , advertisers , or anyone else — JUST YOU !

Twitter suspen…
RT @ CRTV : Twitter has suspended @ SCrowder & amp ; @ NotGayJared
( *Not for leaving @ SvenComputer outside either )

So we have to promote their upcom…
The media is letting Trump off the hook
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/jBgLzzXocX
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Stop using kids as props # NationalWalkoutDay https : //t.co/6DOzWsnMGl
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : My latest for @ CR -- why the # StormyDaniels affair should be more problematic for @ realDonaldTrump , but as long as the…
Do you even Constitution bruh ? https : //t.co/sE4J5S0LWb
RT @ michellemalkin : # TimesUp for high-flying Shulkin . Down the drain .
https : //t.co/CWURV5gCem
https : //t.co/t2c9BoZX8b https : //t.co/r1ZgI7va…
& gt ; & gt ; @ benshapiro : Until Democrats come to grips with why Hillary lost , Trump will keep winning https : //t.co/0D8maxuv9X
New @ MichelleMalkin : Look homeward , 'change agents '
What have your local school boards and superintendents been failing to do for you ?
https : //t.co/qk0XV98Ey9
RT @ CRTV : Our veterans deserve so much better than VA Secretary Shulkin , do n't they ?

@ realDonaldTrump , PLEASE tell this damaged Swamp Thin…
From @ marklevinshow : Tillerson ‘ wasn ’ t up to this job ’

https : //t.co/ioA1K1M6zL
Footnotes : White House cleans house , Daniel Defense , and the death of Geoffrey ? https : //t.co/aF2VIKN9Rz
Conservatives should celebrate Pompeo as secretary of state https : //t.co/33PX5XpvFr
RT @ CRTV : The # RightToTry bill was defeated in the House today .
@ MKibbe speaks from experience and explains why he believes it should be p…
RT @ GregAbbott_TX : BREAKNG : Texas Ban on Sanctuary City Policies upheld by Federal Court of Appeals . Allegations of discrimination were rej…
LIVE RESULTS : Conor Lamb vs. Rick Saccone
40 % reporting
https : //t.co/wmuuMsehC0
Levin : Tillerson ‘ wasn ’ t up to this job ’ https : //t.co/ioA1K1M6zL
LIVE RESULTS : Conor Lamb vs. Rick Saccone
# PA18 results are starting to roll in ...

https : //t.co/wmuuMsehC0
LIVE RESULTS : Conor Lamb vs. Rick Saccone
# PA18
https : //t.co/wmuuMsehC0
RT @ CRTV : It 's TIME .
Our veterans deserve BETTER than the Obama holdover — VA Secretary David Shulkin and his failed leadership .

@ realDona…
What you should know about today ’ s Pennsylvania special election https : //t.co/V6UgFxQxqY
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Today 's @ CRTV show featuring @ chiproytx for Congress and analyzing the # Tillerson firing

https : //t.co/3OWD509b6e
Today 's Footnotes :
White House cleans house , Daniel Defense , and the death of Geoffrey ?
via @ josephkoss
https : //t.co/aF2VIKN9Rz

Sign up for the Footnotes newsletter here :
https : //t.co/bJmJboqbr4
Another bailout of the insurance cartel ? ! NO ! https : //t.co/1fXm6ircU8
WTF MSM ! ? MSNBC : Trump is a ‘ sociopath ’ and ‘ Mussolini ’ https : //t.co/sAUjzzm9yU
Why the 'Tillerson out because Russia ' narrative is rank BS https : //t.co/xaH3A4pTdW
RT @ CRTV : Trump 's Support of DACA , Abortion of Down Syndrome Babies , and North Korea
The latest @ SteveDeaceShow Podcast :
https : //t.co/OzKb…
‘ Republican ’ ‘ pundit ’ Ana Navarro digs up old smear of Sarah Palin to slam Betsy DeVos https : //t.co/YRg4q4kwYv
Please keep your hands and feet inside the vehicle until the ride comes to a complete and total stop . https : //t.co/jOdBPC0OZu
RT @ CRTV : Make it stick when it matters , Mr. President !
Ep . 201 of The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/GkAf00Vacu
RT @ JordanSchachtel : My latest for @ CR . Conservatives should celebrate Pompeo as secretary of state . His hardest task will be stateside , in…
RT @ CRTV : Betsy DeVos ' 60 Minutes interview performance was rough , but a bad messenger does n't equal a bad message . School choice removes p…
The question that could decide Trump ’ s presidency
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/iScqBLzrh6
What you should know about today ’ s Pennsylvania special election
via @ Robeno

https : //t.co/V6UgFxQxqY
Flashback to Nov. 17 :
Pompeo replacing Tillerson at State ? Here ’ s where they ’ d differ https : //t.co/fU259hB8I0 via @ JordanSchachte
RT @ RMConservative : I called Tillerson the worst nominee already before Trump took office https : //t.co/YE6jPuhFaO
RT @ CRTV : The latest thing to be blamed for the Parkland school shooting ?
Video games , of course .

CRTV host @ RoamingMil deconstructs the…
Levin blasts media 's all-out assault on Trump and the First Amendment https : //t.co/XRDFkkLffR
Footnotes : Mars , MS-13 , and NorKs
by : @ josephkoss
https : //t.co/sMb88J3N1S
U.S. 'ally ' Qatar appears to be dangling information about @ realDonaldTrump associates
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/GEh7p90Oan
VIDEO : @ tedCruz challenger Beto O'Rourke wants to ban the AR-15 https : //t.co/s1Ki1Fk41G
Of course : Facebook ’ s most trusted anchor is Dan Rather https : //t.co/du2LDYK7il
'For the children ' : MS-13 , DACA amnesty , and school safety https : //t.co/Dbzt6QWUUf
Watch : Benjamin Netanyahu tells Mark Levin what he loves about America https : //t.co/8XrJYg8Wdd
No religious liberty rights , but a right to someone else ’ s Twitter account ? ! https : //t.co/OqzkTNtqZC
Footnotes : Mars , MS-13 , and NorKs
via @ josephkoss
https : //t.co/sMb88J3N1S
RT @ CRTV : Need more proof that Reps. Maxine Waters , Keith Ellison , and Al Green are hypocrites ?
@ DeneenBorelli says that you need to look…
Uhh . https : //t.co/EJytG4vNoi
The AARP blocked us .
But they aren ’ t partisan or something . https : //t.co/40NGzm2HxW
U.S. 'ally ' Qatar appears to be dangling information about Trump associates
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/GEh7p90Oan
VIDEO : Cruz challenger Beto O'Rourke wants to ban the AR-15 https : //t.co/s1Ki1Fk41G
Of course : Facebook ’ s most trusted anchor is Dan Rather
🙄
https : //t.co/du2LDYK7il
RT @ CRTV : Flashback : CRTV host @ SteveDeaceShow sets the record straight on DACA

He says DACA hurts Americans — it drives costs up on heal…
Watch : Benjamin Netanyahu tells Mark Levin what he loves about America https : //t.co/VKkBKK3qoM
CNN anchor : Trump 'would be going down as a great president ' https : //t.co/8PVorfQlHi
No religious liberty rights , but a right to someone else ’ s Twitter account ? !
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/OqzkTNtqZC
SHAMEFUL !
Levin : Susan Rice let the Russians interfere — and now she 's 'covering up ' https : //t.co/3PkS8BhOMc
3 reasons Thad Cochran ’ s resignation is a bigger deal than you think https : //t.co/Syx3t6VVQL
Chuck Schumer , you 're FULL of it on DACA https : //t.co/wSYFKpusFc
Footnotes : Political discourse , erasing God , and Supreme vacancy ?

Want to receive FOOTNOTES every weekday ?
( Hint : 100,000+ are already on the list ! )
Sign up here : https : //t.co/HPAPCw9JaF

https : //t.co/Sa2sDJn1Jc
Conservatoons : It 's a time for choosing https : //t.co/CJH6yRa2l5
Et tu , globalist Trump ?
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/Wb16rHhy9h
CNN anchor : Trump “ would be going down as a great president ” https : //t.co/8PVorfQlHi
Cranky old socialist Bernie Sanders fuels intra-party war https : //t.co/nOQpTiviRY
Did Trump 's 'madman theory ' strategy bring North Korea to the table ? https : //t.co/tBI4dEr9hL
Stall , block , and thwart : Your Republican ‘ leadership ’ at work https : //t.co/cElD9LuFrR
Mexican presidential candidate : Vote for me , California ! https : //t.co/vaGmAHSM60
Mark Levin goes NUCLEAR on the MSM 'bastards ' complicit with Obama admin 's spying https : //t.co/Ttg4FwGpHQ
Convention of States activism goes to college with launch of first student club https : //t.co/ykAh7GxlzX
Obama ’ s forgotten back channel to Hamas
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/ETvlg1Mpny
Mark Levin lambasts 'demagogue ' California progressives who are nullifying federal immigration law
via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/XzxbrmzfHz
Dad vows to campaign against Deval Patrick , the governor who stood by as Massachusetts kidnapped his daughter
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/f7Jb56j1Ue
The power of the left-wing propaganda complex https : //t.co/Sk29ZJe7Cj
WTF MSM ! ? Election coverage deja vu ?
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/l0Zi71V25W

Sign up for the WTF MSM ! ? newsletter here :
https : //t.co/bYK0KLfBIs
Another broken promise : Republicans keep the core of Dodd-Frank https : //t.co/OwY0HY8a3x
Footnotes : Political discourse , erasing God , and Supreme vacancy ?

Sign up to receive FOOTNOTES every weekday !
( Pro-tip : 100,000+ conservatives are already on the list ! )
Sign up here : https : //t.co/HPAPCw9JaF

https : //t.co/Sa2sDJn1Jc
Poll : 5 Senate Democrats are in big trouble
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/3UW3PhFaLe
Obama ’ s forgotten back channel to Hamas https : //t.co/ETvlg1Mpny
via @ benshapiro : Intersectionality and anti-Semitism https : //t.co/xzSOZaxJss
Another broken promise : Republicans keep the core of Dodd-Frank
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/OwY0HY8a3x
Convention of States activism goes to college with launch of first student club https : //t.co/ykAh7GxlzX
Mark Levin goes NUCLEAR on the MSM 'bastards ' complicit with Obama admin 's spying https : //t.co/Ttg4FwGpHQ
Mexican presidential candidate : Vote for me , California !
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/vaGmAHSM60
Stall , block , and thwart : Your Republican ‘ leadership ’ at work
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/cElD9LuFrR
via @ DavidLimbaugh : Democratic Trumpsteria continues https : //t.co/PIDObQ10xs
Did Trump 's 'madman theory ' strategy bring North Korea to the table ?

https : //t.co/tBI4dEr9hL
Cranky old socialist Bernie Sanders fuels intra-party war https : //t.co/nOQpTiviRY
CNN anchor : Trump 'would be going down as a great president '
by : @ Robeno
https : //t.co/8PVorfQlHi
Et tu , globalist Trump ?
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/Wb16rHhy9h
Conservatoons : It 's a time for choosing ! https : //t.co/CJH6yRa2l5
SHAMEFUL !
Levin : Susan Rice let the Russians interfere — and now she 's 'covering up ' https : //t.co/3PkS8BhOMc
3 reasons Thad Cochran ’ s resignation is a bigger deal than you think https : //t.co/Syx3t6VVQL
Indiana Republican Senate candidate releases ad to give GOP consultant class heartburn https : //t.co/F7jlpBcUpb
GOP leadership selling out to gun-grabbing Democrats https : //t.co/CcqTrcsCP6
Chuck Schumer , you 're FULL of it on DACA https : //t.co/wSYFKpusFc
RT @ CRTV : PODCAST | Dear @ SteveDeaceShow : Should I Quit My Job ?
https : //t.co/Q9lAjGKoIM
Footnotes : Political discourse , erasing God , and Supreme vacancy ?

Want to receive FOOTNOTES every weekday ?
( Hint : 100,000+ are already on the list ! )
Sign up here : https : //t.co/HPAPCw9JaF

https : //t.co/Sa2sDJn1Jc
Et tu , globalist Trump ? https : //t.co/Wb16rHhy9h
Conservatoons : It 's a time for choosing https : //t.co/CJH6yRa2l5
Did Trump 's 'madman theory ' strategy bring North Korea to the table ?
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/tBI4dEr9hL
CNN anchor : Trump 'would be going down as a great president ' https : //t.co/8PVorfQlHi
Stall , block , and thwart : Your Republican ‘ leadership ’ at work
via @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/cElD9LuFrR
Mexican presidential candidate : Vote for me , California !
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/vaGmAHSM60
Levin : Susan Rice let the Russians interfere — and now she 's 'covering up ' https : //t.co/3PkS8BhOMc
RT @ CRTV : It ’ s not just guns any more .
The misinformation campaign driven so hard by the media and politicians is now trying to scare peopl…
Mark Levin goes NUCLEAR on the MSM 'bastards ' complicit with Obama admin 's spying
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/Ttg4FwGpHQ
RT @ CRTV : Baseball
Dad
& amp ;
BEER .

Watch the # GOML with @ Gavin_McInnes :
https : //t.co/oKZj6oZLCX https : //t.co/UOV2AYE66y
RT @ CRTV : Is Human Nature Basically Good ?
Check out the latest @ SteveDeaceShow Podcast on your way home :
https : //t.co/AKcWc1LZ85
Et tu , globalist Trump ?
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/Wb16rHhy9h
CNN anchor : Trump “ would be going down as a great president ” https : //t.co/8PVorfQlHi
RT @ Robeno : This was NOT expected from @ CNN 's @ ErinBurnett

https : //t.co/NAab3Dl6qW
Cranky old socialist Bernie Sanders fuels intra-party war https : //t.co/nOQpTiviRY
Did Trump 's 'madman theory ' strategy bring North Korea to the table ? https : //t.co/tBI4dEr9hL
New at Conservative Review :
@ DavidLimbaugh : Democratic Trumpsteria continues https : //t.co/PIDObQ10xs
RT @ CRTV : And the winner of CRTV 's grand prize trip to go hunting with Phil Robertson is ... Amy Whitehead !
🎉🎊🎈🦆🦃🐗🦌🦖

Stay tuned to watch A…
Stall , block , and thwart : Your Republican ‘ leadership ’ at work https : //t.co/cElD9LuFrR
¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/K6emvC13Kj
@ dawgsmack Thanks for the tweet .

Wicker has a spending problem . He comes from a deep-red state but votes like a pale-purple senator .
Mexican presidential candidate : Vote for me , California ! https : //t.co/vaGmAHSM60
Mark Levin goes NUCLEAR on the MSM 'bastards ' complicit with Obama admin 's spying https : //t.co/Ttg4FwGpHQ
Men , you need to watch ‘ This Is Us ’ https : //t.co/rMgegcbGeh
Election coverage deja vu ? https : //t.co/l0Zi71V25W
Convention of States activism goes to college with launch of first student club https : //t.co/ykAh7GxlzX
Another broken promise : Republicans keep the core of Dodd-Frank
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/OwY0HY8a3x
Obama ’ s forgotten back channel to Hamas
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/ETvlg1Mpny
Mark Levin lambasts 'demagogue ' California progressives who are nullifying federal immigration law
via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/XzxbrmzfHz
Dad vows to campaign against Deval Patrick , the governor who stood by as Massachusetts kidnapped his daughter
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/f7Jb56j1Ue
Poll : 5 Senate Democrats are in big trouble
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/3UW3PhFaLe
The power of the left-wing propaganda complex https : //t.co/Sk29ZJe7Cj
Footnotes today :
• The Conservative Conscience hits 200 @ RMConservative
• Celebrating women the proper way
• Social media and children ... and much more !
https : //t.co/hxtued1Ju5

Sign up for free :
https : //t.co/mdfCoGJrY6 https : //t.co/4BVbIe5emd
RT @ BeschlossDC : Trump will meet Kim Jong Un by May , says South Korean national security advisor .
RT @ CRTV : Sign up for Miller ’ s White House Brief newsletter :
https : //t.co/9Mt5DlofQg https : //t.co/dY56Vccn8F
RT @ CSGHillsdale : Check out this @ CR article about our club making history ! https : //t.co/sAX0yNk2ya
WTF MSM ! ? Election coverage deja vu ?
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/l0Zi71V25W

Sign up for the WTF MSM ! ? newsletter here :
https : //t.co/bYK0KLfBIs
Another broken promise : Republicans keep the core of Dodd-Frank https : //t.co/OwY0HY8a3x
RT @ CRTV : Fight Back . Start Dancing !
Listen to the @ Dbongino Show
https : //t.co/ItBqGJjLpA
RT @ CRTV : Have you listened to the 200th episode of :
The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative yet ?

The featured guest is none other…
Obama ’ s forgotten back channel to Hamas https : //t.co/ETvlg1Mpny
Mark Levin lambasts 'demagogue ' California progressives who are nullifying federal immigration law https : //t.co/XzxbrmzfHz
RT @ JordanSchachtel : Obama ’ s forgotten back channel to Hamas https : //t.co/Uba4WpxWfj
Dad vows to campaign against Deval Patrick , the governor who stood by as Massachusetts kidnapped his daughter https : //t.co/f7Jb56j1Ue
Poll : 5 Senate Democrats are in big trouble https : //t.co/3UW3PhFaLe
RT @ PoliticalShort : `` Sanctuary cities are outlaw cities . We need to do more than hold these Sanctuary mayors and governors civilly liable.…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : How the GOP is handling the gun debate is probably best explained by wrestling metaphor . Some are dropping the people's…
The power of the left-wing propaganda complex
via Dr. @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/Sk29ZJe7Cj
RT @ CRTV : LISTEN : Fresh off his primary win , @ TedCruz issues a crucial warning to conservatives about what the November elections will come…
RT @ CR : In today 's Footnotes :
• An important message from @ KevinLove 🧠❤️
• Alexa is a witch 🧙‍♀️
• Cohn of shame 🏦
... and much more :
http…
Texas primary : The good , the really good , and the warning https : //t.co/EiIQiikhDv
CAIR activists , Linda Sarsour arrested at US Capitol https : //t.co/px28rdsoIJ
Everyday America beats Hollywood . Again https : //t.co/uBef8yuBDC
PHOTO : Texas candidate Chip Roy shows 'what winning really looks like ' https : //t.co/hpRZCCUIxI
& gt ; & gt ; @ BenShapiro : Intersectionality and anti-Semitism https : //t.co/xzSOZaxJss
& gt ; & gt ; @ MichelleMalkin : Give VA Secretary David Shulkin the boot https : //t.co/wbOThFQvmR
Ted Cruz pockets primary win , trolls Dem with catchy new campaign ad https : //t.co/OOqVQFVVwr
Levin backs Sessions , calls out ‘ rogue state ’ California liberals ’ immigration hypocrisy https : //t.co/rnJTV7OPwh
Perfect guest for the 200th podcast ! https : //t.co/gtNgH4lKlC
RT @ CRTV : TUNE IN Tonight at 9pm ET as @ MichelleMalkin joins @ SeanHannity to talk # IMMIGRATION
on @ FoxNews

***

Watch Michelle whenever yo…
RT @ thinkimreal : Check me out on @ CRTV with @ RoamingMil ! https : //t.co/CPebpF8HpZ
RT @ CRTV : Fight Back . Start Dancing !
Listen to the @ DBongino Show :
https : //t.co/ItBqGJjLpA
Sorry , MSM , your Texas 'Blue Wave ' crashed far off shore https : //t.co/B8n9DUPcji
Chuck Schumer , you 're FULL of it on DACA https : //t.co/wSYFKpusFc
Texas primary : The good , the really good , and the warning
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo & amp ; @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/EiIQiikhDv
In today 's Footnotes :
• An important message from @ KevinLove 🧠❤️
• Alexa is a witch 🧙‍♀️
• Cohn of shame 🏦
... and much more :
https : //t.co/3jKiZrlIMC

Get Footnotes for *FREE* :
https : //t.co/mdfCoGJrY6 https : //t.co/wsSyKeWcF0
RT @ CRTV : What 's wrong with # SnowWhite ?
A little common sense from @ Gavin_McInnes ' `` Get Off My Lawn '' on CRTV

Watch more Gavin — only at C…
RT @ RepThomasMassie : Well said . https : //t.co/WNZoeO55hU
CAIR activists , Linda Sarsour arrested at US Capitol
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/px28rdsoIJ
Real feminists eat cheeseburgers . https : //t.co/hx9PlJX57C
Everyday America beats Hollywood . Again
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/uBef8yuBDC
GOP leadership selling out to gun-grabbing Democrats https : //t.co/CcqTrcsCP6
Oh ? https : //t.co/PVzqYz6L4W
PHOTO : Texas candidate @ chiproytx shows 'what winning really looks like ' https : //t.co/hpRZCCUIxI
New @ benshapiro : Intersectionality and anti-Semitism https : //t.co/xzSOZaxJss
It 's time .
@ michellemalkin : Give VA Secretary David Shulkin the boot https : //t.co/wbOThFQvmR
Sen. @ TedCruz pockets primary win , trolls Dem with catchy new campaign ad
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/OOqVQFVVwr
RT @ CRTV : The `` Chicken Little '' left spends all day and night worrying that President Trump will start a nuclear war with North Korea .
@ Mill…
RT @ RMConservative : Cruz now has over double the votes of the much-vaunted Dem challenger .
Sen. @ TedCruz pockets primary win , trolls Dem with catchy new campaign ad https : //t.co/OOqVQFVVwr
The exploitative coverage of Sam Nunberg : Narrative over compassion , always
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/4CZRMaag3y
Wow !
This may be the dumbest idea House Republicans have ever had https : //t.co/s0fE5nkFEv
Trump is obligated to follow immigration law , NOT the capricious rulings of district judges https : //t.co/LtNefAVIbu
Think tariffs are a good idea ? Mark Levin ends the debate once and for all https : //t.co/gqMOdMFiCe
Mueller probe is chasing down questionable foreign policy leads https : //t.co/mdjpvD46YO
Our government shut down on March 5 https : //t.co/uU2NoVsIZ8
RT @ CRTV : What do the terms “ assault rifle , ” “ military-style , ” and “ assault weapon ” really mean ?

Not much … unless you ’ re a gun-grabber t…
TONIGHT : 5 things to watch in today 's Texas primary elections https : //t.co/XbxjSQJMKD
The exploitative coverage of Sam Nunberg : Narrative over compassion , always https : //t.co/4CZRMaag3y
This may be the dumbest idea House Republicans have ever had https : //t.co/s0fE5nkFEv
Do you receive Footnotes ?
If not , why not ?
Go now , take a test drive , then Subscribe .
( Hint : it 's free )
https : //t.co/mo9l9ln5ti
What indoctrination ?

What astroturfing ? https : //t.co/Dt5nUpI11o
Indiana Republican Senate candidate releases ad to give GOP consultant class heartburn https : //t.co/F7jlpBcUpb
RT @ CRTV : The Left believes that it can say something and make it true .

@ ConservMillen tackles that type of thinking in the increasingly…
3 reasons Thad Cochran ’ s resignation is a bigger deal than you think https : //t.co/Syx3t6VVQL
5 things to watch in today 's Texas primary elections https : //t.co/XbxjSQJMKD
In his own words : Pro-2A Parkland survivor nails why the MSM wo n't give him the time of day https : //t.co/o3Wv37dDkA
Think tariffs are a good idea ? Mark Levin ends the debate once and for all https : //t.co/gqMOdMFiCe
BRUTAL :
Sarah Sanders goes for the knockout blow on Jim Acosta 's ego https : //t.co/PAqbTUBAwA
KO ’ d 💥🥊
@ PressSec Sanders goes for the knockout blow on Jim Acosta 's ego
https : //t.co/PAqbTUBAwA via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Yes ! @ PressSec Sarah Huckabee Sanders goes for the KNOCKOUT blow to Jim Acosta 's ego :

https : //t.co/PAqbTUBAwA
New deficit projections confirm : We 're screwed https : //t.co/u6d54LSVvz
Thank God for atheists like Bill Maher https : //t.co/pZjKG1q8sX
GOP Senate candidate challenges Dem : What part of my remarks was offensive ? https : //t.co/vb3edCkRgZ
The REAL deficit has nothing to do with steel https : //t.co/QE8NIU5NJ0
Mark Levin : The attacks on Trump and his family are 'unparalleled in American history ! ' https : //t.co/hVvZ8eXddR
The media admits Trump was right https : //t.co/EU7gUwyyqo
Mueller probe is chasing down questionable foreign policy leads https : //t.co/mdjpvD46YO
In his own words : Pro-2A Parkland survivor nails why the MSM wo n't give him the time of day https : //t.co/o3Wv37dDkA
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Sure , this may have been a long time coming , but this is a bigger shakeup than ppl may realize . Cochran is right behind…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Huge . https : //t.co/DbyasXBmXr
WTF MSM ! ? The media admits Trump was right https : //t.co/EU7gUwyyqo
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Solid strategy . Call millions of law abiding Americans terrorists . Many of the members this slanders are veterans who h…
Our government shut down on March 5 https : //t.co/uU2NoVsIZ8
New deficit projections confirm : We 're screwed
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/u6d54LSVvz
Thank God for atheists like Bill Maher
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/pZjKG1q8sX
At least the Left is being reasonable ... https : //t.co/BCFlOfKgl6
RT @ RMConservative : Latest podcast :
The GOP is the balloon in the wind headed into strong midterm hurricane https : //t.co/o0uy2alfIc
GOP Senate candidate @ NickForVA challenges Dem : What part of my remarks was offensive ? https : //t.co/vb3edCkRgZ
The REAL deficit has nothing to do with steel
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/QE8NIU5NJ0
RT @ CRTV : Did you watch # CrowdersAntiOscarParty with @ scrowder and @ NotGayJared ?

If not you can watch it here :
https : //t.co/6udJKFsSUl
On FIRE : Watch this GOP Senate candidate stun Second Amendment snowflakes into recess https : //t.co/SkeSBn2AP6
RT @ scrowder : We 're back up ! # CrowdersAntiOscarsParty # Oscars # Oscars90 & gt ; & gt ; https : //t.co/HW8q78Ms5s … https : //t.co/6xK6ftsa91
RT @ CRTV : Join @ scrowder ’ s # MugClub using the promo code :
OSCARSSUCK

https : //t.co/efQpOL8Ndw https : //t.co/93qdjLvV12
RT @ CRTV : Live right now on # CrowdersAntiOscarsParty :
@ OwenBenjamin

Watch now :
https : //t.co/efQpOL8Ndw
RT @ CRTV : Go now :

https : //t.co/efQpOL8Ndw

@ Scrowder gives Hollyweird what they deserve .
# Oscars https : //t.co/T5yyozoMYA
RT @ CRTV : Soon .
7:30pm ET
@ SCrowder w/ @ Lauren_Southern @ MsBlaireWhite @ OwenBenjamin @ MattIseman & amp ; @ annmcelhinney

The # LwC # Oscars viewin…
How criminal justice 'reform ' will cause more Parklands https : //t.co/cL7ouPPL9R
Senators revive unconstitutional No-Fly List gun ban https : //t.co/UXgFgX0SM2
In Broward County , Florida , CAIR polices you https : //t.co/7Cq8AztrZd
Bombshell : Congress received classified briefings on major mass shootings — except Las Vegas , says GOP @ RepThomasMassie https : //t.co/LWt51r6XFg
This Parkland shooting survivor is being abused by the media https : //t.co/9Q4mTj20R5
& gt ; & gt ; @ BenShapiro : How the Democrats will lose in 2020 https : //t.co/nuYLCDWUu5
RT @ CRTV : TONIGHT is the # Oscars
( Who cares right ? )

Well @ SCrowder is going to give you a reason to care :
His # LWC Oscars viewing party L…
It 's time says @ michellemalkin : Release the Florida school shooting surveillance video https : //t.co/COybY8tmqA
Mark Levin : The attacks on Trump and his family are 'unparalleled in American history ! ' https : //t.co/hVvZ8eXddR
Conservative America Can Win the Culture Wars
Listen to the @ Dbongino Show
https : //t.co/MV7a2CD6Tv
== & gt ; @ RepThomasMassie is still standing up for your Second Amendment rights .

“ Why should a 20-year-old single mom b… https : //t.co/dG0zyHHMuq
On FIRE : Watch this GOP Senate candidate stuns Second Amendment snowflakes into recess https : //t.co/15Q3xly5Bz https : //t.co/s1yZIlKF5F
It ’ s Past Time for Justice and Accountability
LISTEN to the @ Dbongino Show
https : //t.co/Eef0Ms34TA
On guns , Bad Trump returns https : //t.co/cD66aScOJz
Mark Levin : 'Congress needs to find out ' what these judges are up to ! https : //t.co/V0KntYGxsO
WTF MSM ! ? Facebook warned satire site The Babylon Bee on 'Fake News ' https : //t.co/BKnFcA8gJc
Leftists SLAM new Bruce Willis movie as 'racist ' , 'evil ' 'NRA commercial ' https : //t.co/MMjH9iuzCe
DNC chair seems fine with letting Democrats go crazy Left https : //t.co/Ops0z7xR1f
Conservatoons : Who 's to blame ? https : //t.co/cKS3jMN9ow
On FIRE : Watch this GOP Senate candidate stun Second Amendment snowflakes into recess https : //t.co/SkeSBn2AP6
Mark Levin : The attacks on Trump and his family are 'unparalleled in American history ! ' https : //t.co/hVvZ8eXddR
RT @ CRTV : # KibbeOnLiberty : @ MKibbe explains how the craft beer market is the perfect barometer for # liberty and takes you on an exclusive t…
RT @ Robeno : If this was an article about the Koch 's spending money in politics there would have been comment by Democrats about how they we…
Congress can END the tyranny of the courts TOMORROW https : //t.co/Ki7HGnUMMi
Mueller is weaponizing unproven DNC & amp ; Podesta hack to target POTUS https : //t.co/BIKrfrsm6P
RT @ CRTV : Apply to work with the CRTV team !

https : //t.co/b2hGKNgCFQ
RT @ DonaldJTrumpJr : Mark Levin : The attacks on Trump and his family are 'unparalleled in American history ! ' https : //t.co/ZuMvbssfvj
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Mainstream Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world . They ’ ve gone CRAZY ! https : //t.co/4UGYuJpUA7
The worthless , fanboyish , clickservative culture of pitiful drama
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/VCkLDsbbxr
Levin : 'You can not be for capitalism if you do not believe in trade ' https : //t.co/a9SdBx8VYJ
Sen. @ TedCruz ’ s lonely stand for jobs and consumers against ethanol statism https : //t.co/5jL8O4XbjR
& gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : Obama 's scandal-free delusion https : //t.co/BbvwrIuI7h
On guns , Bad Trump returns https : //t.co/cD66aScOJz
Mark Levin : 'Congress needs to find out ' what these judges are up to ! https : //t.co/V0KntYGxsO
WTF MSM ! ? Facebook warned satire site The Babylon Bee on 'Fake News ' https : //t.co/BKnFcA8gJc
Leftists SLAM new Bruce Willis movie as 'racist ' , 'evil ' 'NRA commercial ' https : //t.co/MMjH9iuzCe
DNC chair seems fine with letting Democrats go crazy Left https : //t.co/Ops0z7xR1f
Conservatoons : Who 's to blame ? https : //t.co/cKS3jMN9ow
On FIRE : Watch GOP Senate @ NickForVA stun Second Amendment snowflakes into recess https : //t.co/SkeSBn2AP6
Mark Levin : The attacks on Trump and his family are 'unparalleled in American history ! ' https : //t.co/hVvZ8eXddR
RT @ CRTV : President Trump ’ s bipartisan meeting on school safety was not his finest hour . His message was : Take the guns first , go through d…
… ‼️⁉️☢️ https : //t.co/5xO3kF8bb5
Wrong .
# FakeScience https : //t.co/ZmNXXYNalW
FTR - @ rikkiratliff is not a jerk .

And she is right , Tariq understands the American Dream . https : //t.co/uu9nNHh5Ls
Facebook warned satire site The Babylon Bee on 'Fake News '

https : //t.co/BKnFcA8gJc
RT @ CRTV : The # Oscars are this weekend . 🙄
In preparation for yet another tedious , overly political Oscars night , @ MKibbe suits up to tell u…
RT @ JordanSchachtel : I reported the Farrakhan video posted yesterday in which Farrakhan says `` Jews are my enemies . ''

Twitter responds : `` We…
Limbaugh : Obama 's scandal-free delusion https : //t.co/BbvwrIuI7h
Sen. @ TedCruz ’ s lonely stand for jobs and consumers against ethanol statism https : //t.co/5jL8O4XbjR
Levin : 'You can not be for capitalism if you do not believe in trade ' https : //t.co/a9SdBx8VYJ
The worthless , fanboyish , clickservative culture of pitiful drama https : //t.co/VCkLDsbbxr
Mueller is weaponizing unproven DNC & amp ; Podesta hack to target POTUS https : //t.co/BIKrfrsm6P
On FIRE : Watch this GOP Senate candidate stuns Second Amendment snowflakes into recess https : //t.co/15Q3xly5Bz
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : This is an AMAZING speech . https : //t.co/GPK0dzu65D
On guns , Bad Trump returns https : //t.co/cD66aScOJz
RT @ CRTV : Should we lower the voting age ?
@ RoamingMil gives her thoughts on the current debate ...

Watch the entire episode at CRTV :
https…
Mark Levin : 'Congress needs to find out ' what these judges are up to ! https : //t.co/V0KntYGxsO
WTF MSM ! ? Facebook warned satire site The Babylon Bee on 'Fake News ' https : //t.co/BKnFcA8gJc
Leftists SLAM new Bruce Willis movie as 'racist ' , 'evil ' 'NRA commercial ' https : //t.co/MMjH9iuzCe
DNC chair seems fine with letting Democrats go crazy Left
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/Ops0z7xR1f
There is no holding back from @ ChrisCPandolfo in this piece :
The worthless , fanboyish , clickservative culture of pitiful drama https : //t.co/VCkLDsbbxr
RT @ CRTV : Happy birthday Dr. Seuss !
A little flashback with @ Millerstream in honor of Dr. Seuss .

***

Sign up to get Miller 's White House…
On guns , Bad Trump returns
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/cD66aScOJz
via @ DavidLimbaugh : Obama 's scandal-free delusion https : //t.co/BbvwrIuI7h
Sen. @ TedCruz ’ s lonely stand for jobs and consumers against ethanol statism
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/5jL8O4XbjR
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Despite Chuck Schumer 's openly-racist opposition , another one of POTUS ' judicial picks has been confirmed by the Senate…
RT @ CRTV : Want to work for @ CRTV ?

https : //t.co/b2hGKNgCFQ
LISTEN : @ RepThomasMassie on the cowardice of the GOP
https : //t.co/sSedxxNfWS
Sheriff Scott Israel : The unintentional champion of the Second Amendment https : //t.co/XofNoNPJbT
Trump criticized after Georgia teacher taken into custody following school shooting https : //t.co/XZGgo9sbF9
'Life , Liberty & amp ; Levin ' debut had more viewers than many CNN & amp ; MSNBC heavyweights https : //t.co/PU4iDMDnyz
Conservative congressman will introduce bill to lower the minimum age for handgun purchases https : //t.co/J53qdn7j68
Losing Hope https : //t.co/4zRE1fvPf5
Mueller is weaponizing unproven DNC & amp ; Podesta hack to target POTUS
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/BIKrfrsm6P
RT @ J_Wade_Miller : Because we have read Locke , Sidney , Montesquieu , Federalists 28 , 29 , & amp ; 46 , and know that human freedom is an anomaly ove…
The worthless , fanboyish , clickservative culture of pitiful drama https : //t.co/VCkLDsbbxr
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : I consider this the most important piece I 've written for Conservative Review . Please read . https : //t.co/Ep8W9s5sMl
Levin : 'You can not be for capitalism if you do not believe in trade ' https : //t.co/a9SdBx8VYJ
Conservative America Can Win the Culture Wars
Listen to the @ Dbongino Show
https : //t.co/MV7a2CD6Tv
RT @ CRTV : 💥🏆💥
Congrats to @ MichelleMalkin for winning Best Documentary at the Hollywood International Independent Documentary Awards . Watch…
WTF MSM ! ? Losing Hope https : //t.co/4zRE1fvPf5
Mueller is weaponizing unproven DNC & amp ; Podesta hack to target POTUS https : //t.co/BIKrfrsm6P
The worthless , fanboyish , clickservative culture of pitiful drama
by : @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/VCkLDsbbxr
@ DeaceProducer 🧐
@ ChuckD918 Those takes are from Democrat congressmen , and one of the most read national newspapers . It wasn ’ t like we cherry-picked twitter randoms .
Liberals : WE WANT COMMON SENSE GUN REFORM !

Conservatives : OK , like what ?

L : THIS : https : //t.co/sSeSPvGvL2

R : Can you even buy that ?

L : AND THIS : https : //t.co/B7pNfMad5O ”

R : That looks like a …

L : FINE THESE : https : //t.co/sd3TQeCvtP

R : But that ’ s not even a thing …

# 2A
RT @ CRTV : Heroes helping heroes : How kayaking and campfires are changing veterans ’ lives
@ NateMaddenCRTV talks to @ SSGTravisMills about he…
Oh . https : //t.co/YiUVR4eTZf
Hey @ TwitterSupport — is Andrew Breitbart really that dangerous ?
or is it @ Gavin_McInnes ?

What gives here ? https : //t.co/aYy8qMRljQ
Et tu @ politico ? https : //t.co/PzFrzcWmCn
RT @ CRTV : She ’ s always on point .

Watch more awesome @ michellemalkin videos at CRTV :
https : //t.co/DgUMq8dANo https : //t.co/1xQCcq4WqO
RT @ Robeno : Lefty elites will NEVER understand @ seanhannity 's cable news DOMINANCE .

Never ...

https : //t.co/zAirym6NHb
RT @ CRTV : Andrew is missed , but his fight lives on — in all of us .

# WAR https : //t.co/DakHe4x0td
RT @ RepThomasMassie : I just introduced the Second Amendment for Every Registrable Voter Act . HR 5112 , The SAFER Voter Act , would repeal th…
The president may be confused , but the citizenry is not
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/jGriXhDMyn
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : While so many of colleagues clamor to curtail your # 2A rights after Parkland , @ RepThomasMassie is actually trying to ex…
WTF MSM ! ? Sorry , media , 50 % of voters support armed teachers https : //t.co/EKVYlPBMBx
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Bake the cake , bigot ... oh , wait ... . https : //t.co/XG8hH5vy1j
Trump criticized after Georgia teacher taken into custody following school shooting https : //t.co/XZGgo9sbF9
'Life , Liberty & amp ; Levin ' debut had more viewers than many CNN & amp ; MSNBC heavyweights https : //t.co/PU4iDMDnyz
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR https : //t.co/MHbKUIasoB https : //t.co/rKMsd8…
Conservative congressman will introduce bill to lower the minimum age for handgun purchases https : //t.co/J53qdn7j68
RT @ CRTV : Very last chance https : //t.co/97UGj5fe14
RT @ CRTV : Will the VA Scandal never end ?
@ MichelleMalkin has some HARD questions for President Trump

Watch more Michelle at CRTV :
https : //…
RT @ dbongino : The Constitution was written to protect us from people who don ’ t think we need a Constitution for protection .
# 2A
RT @ CRTV : Rogue , liberal judges have been one of the biggest threats to President Trump ’ s agenda .

@ RepDaveBrat chats with @ NateMaddenCRTV…
Senators revive unconstitutional No-Fly List gun ban https : //t.co/UXgFgX0SM2
RT @ CRTV : You 're running out of time !

Tonight is the last chance to enter :
https : //t.co/WStIvuQm5b
https : //t.co/WStIvuQm5b
https : //t.co/WS…
How criminal justice 'reform ' will cause more Parklands https : //t.co/cL7ouPPL9R
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Mini scoop : In Senate bid to oust Tim Kaine , VA GOP primary candidate @ NickForVA picks up another high-profile endorsem…
Obama ’ s campaign was actually hacked – and he did nothing about it https : //t.co/6aQjLeXflS
& gt ; & gt ; @ BenShapiro : How the Democrats will lose in 2020 https : //t.co/nuYLCDWUu5
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Men , it 's OK to kick your woman out of the kitchen to make these fine Louisiana pralines . It wo n't hurt your manhood.…
& gt ; & gt ; @ MichelleMalkin : Release the Florida school shooting surveillance video https : //t.co/COybY8tmqA
Bombshell : Congress received classified briefings on major mass shootings — except Las Vegas , says GOP rep https : //t.co/LWt51r6XFg
Keith Ellison keynotes CAIR gala in NYC https : //t.co/7is3rRciEl
== & gt ; @ RepThomasMassie is still standing up for your Second Amendment rights .

“ Why should a 20-year-old single mom be denied the right to defend herself and her children ? ”

https : //t.co/J53qdn7j68
WTF MSM ! ? Sorry , media , 50 % of voters support armed teachers https : //t.co/EKVYlPBMBx
Trump criticized after Georgia teacher taken into custody following school shooting https : //t.co/XZGgo9sbF9
RT @ CRTV : A damning report on MS-13 shows that the Obama illegal alien surge of unaccompanied minors from Central America provided a huge r…
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : It takes a coward to go out and kill a bird ? No , it takes someone who 's hungry !

Want to go hunting with me ? Today is…
Senators revive unconstitutional No-Fly List gun ban https : //t.co/UXgFgX0SM2
Sheriff Scott Israel : The unintentional champion of the Second Amendment https : //t.co/XofNoNPJbT
Make sure to sign up to *WIN* a hunting trip with Phil .

TODAY IS THE LAST DAY

https : //t.co/PjBcBVOuzt https : //t.co/tCafN84xbn
'Life , Liberty & amp ; Levin ' debut had more viewers than many CNN & amp ; MSNBC heavyweights https : //t.co/PU4iDMDnyz
@ uncmetsgal How are we defending it ? We *LITERALLY* just said the opposite .

The 5th and 14th Amendment explicitly prohibit what Trump suggested . It is the OPPOSITE of “ Due Process . ”
No . No . No .

We *LITERALLY* have two Constitutional GUARANTEES protecting us from such actions by the Gov ’ t . https : //t.co/MzVCWrZtkw
…

What .
in .
the .
world ? https : //t.co/w7eqn2BbP8
RT @ CRTV : This ends tonight .

Go sign up now :
https : //t.co/WStIvuQm5b https : //t.co/aaoLfOE9rH
RT @ RMConservative : Trump is saying we should place a negative on a positive right , yet he wont simply abstain from offering DACA amnesty p…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Relevant : https : //t.co/UWNkM0wbAD
When a congress-critter mentions “ hunting ” while talking about the # 2ndAmendment you know they are a progressive hack .

# 2A
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : The same people who see black panthers in Louisiana , they also say OJ did n't do it . I 'm looking at you , Si .

Last day : …
RT @ PaulHair1 : Here is the full analysis I wrote in Dec. 2016 that @ JordanSchachtel links to today in his new @ CR article . https : //t.co/TrI…
RT @ michellemalkin : Meet @ DICKS -- the virtue signaler who cried wolf == & gt ; https : //t.co/riPOg16cvH
Obama ’ s campaign was actually hacked – and he did nothing about it https : //t.co/6aQjLeFDXi
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Want to go hunting with me & amp ; get a home-cooked meal from Miss Kay ?

Last chance to win today ... https : //t.co/yfzLNqAp…
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : You know why I like my coffee black ? Because I drink it as it is .

What we need is more men in America who TELL it li…
RT @ CRTV : Wrong . https : //t.co/CfWjXfkPf9
RT @ Robeno : 50 percent of registered voters surveyed by @ MorningConsult for @ politico support arming teachers . https : //t.co/mos8x1zzah
How criminal justice 'reform ' will cause more Parklands https : //t.co/cL7ouPPL9R
Levin : We must fight back against the Left ’ s war on individual liberty https : //t.co/gtuprPEDO3
New : @ benshapiro : How the Democrats will lose in 2020 https : //t.co/nuYLCDWUu5
It 's time says @ michellemalkin : Release the Florida school shooting surveillance video https : //t.co/COybY8tmqA
OpEd by @ conservmillen : “ I 'm not a gun fanatic , but I will always fight for the Second Amendment ”
https : //t.co/qViIS7uz1V via @ conservmillen
RT @ CRTV : More beer🍺 = more freedom 🇺🇸
Allow @ MKibbe to explain .

Watch more # KibbeOnLiberty at CRTV :
https : //t.co/wxqLfQfaH1 https : //t.co…
RT @ CRTV : Why has n't Congress received a classified briefing on the # VegasShooting ?

@ RepThomasMassie tells @ RMConservative that it is the…
But all of these came at once .

¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/Zg0aezOZbV
Is this real life ? https : //t.co/i9YILWfKJk
Rep. Thomas Massie tells the TRUTH about GOP 's gun-control hand-wringing https : //t.co/K8ampfI0jC
& gt ; & gt ; @ RepThomasMassie on the cowardice of the GOP
The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/sSedxxNfWS
Judicial amnesty is the 'law of the land ' — unless we stand and fight https : //t.co/DFR6YAxxpW
RT @ InezFeltscher : I subscribed to @ JordanSchachtel 's @ CR 's foreign policy newsletter `` The Dossier '' ( what a great name ) , and you should too…
This Parkland shooting survivor is being abused by the media https : //t.co/9Q4mTj20R5
In Broward County , Florida , CAIR polices you https : //t.co/7Cq8AztrZd
RT @ CRTV : It ’ s time to take a hard look at Broward County school superintendent Robert Runcie .

@ MichelleMalkin does n't have to dig very d…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : If you 're not reading all the way to the end of the FREE Capitol Hill Brief newsletter , you 're really missing out . Off…
RT @ CRTV : Give credit where it is due , @ CNN is actually working to uncover facts here .

Unfortunately , the damage of their town hall has be…
The @ Dbongino Show :
What 's Coming Next Will Surprise You https : //t.co/v7AlAAlNSf
The crisis with the courts ; conservatives hooked on political morphine Ep . 196 https : //t.co/jUvQSkAgtA
Mark Levin BLISTERS the jerks and bullies attacking your Second Amendment rights https : //t.co/vCNmZpC8GS
🔥
# 2A 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/e6bj5yqIRJ
RT @ CRTV : `` Sheriff @ ScottJIsrael , you need to step down NOW ! '' says @ DeneenBorelli

# ResignSheriffIsrael @ BrowardSheriff

Watch more Deneen…
In Broward County , Florida , CAIR polices you
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/7Cq8AztrZd
Judicial amnesty is the 'law of the land ' — unless we stand and fight https : //t.co/DFR6YAxxpW
LOL ! Brian Stelter thinks Dan Rather is a `` reliable source '' ? https : //t.co/a1VWO7PZBS
Dec. : `` The last NICS 'improvement ' bill was passed under a GOP president and then was used by a Democrat to go after seniors and veterans . And now Congress is trying to repeat the process . ''
via @ RMConservative
Now it 's NICS Fix w/o reciprocity
https : //t.co/Xdae8bqGnj
In December : Hooray , concealed carry reciprocity ? Not so fast

Now , all that is on the table is the short-sighted FIX NICS ... where are the constitutional conservatives ?
https : //t.co/Xdae8bqGnj
In Broward County , Florida , CAIR polices you
Sheriff Israel works with terror-linked group
https : //t.co/7Cq8AztrZd
How about your policy takes are 140 characters or less ?

That ’ s how these things worked in 1791 .

# Make1A180charsagain https : //t.co/r3K4g9fEM7
Levin : The Broward County Sheriff 's Office 'blew it ! ' https : //t.co/s8uN5ieqGZ
Why I ’ m ready for Romney and you should be , too https : //t.co/XM1lhm5ZE2
Stench from the bench : Judge demands that Trump keep Obama ’ s methane rule https : //t.co/9s1pda07al
Fans : Mark Levin 's 'incredible ' new show is what 'conservatives NEED to hear ' https : //t.co/tSrAVS8GE9
RT @ CRTV : New : @ Conservmillen says the Prosperity Gospel completely misses the greatest gift that God has ever given ...

Watch the full ep…
RT @ CRTV : It ’ s time to take a hard look at Broward County school superintendent Robert Runcie .
@ MichelleMalkin does n't have to dig very de…
Mark Levin and Charlton Heston : The Second Amendment is more essential than the First https : //t.co/1fSEN28xiF
HOT TAKES ! Trump # CPAC speech is 'more Hitler every day ' ? ! https : //t.co/9bbO4OWRa5
WTF MSM ! ? Media MELTS down over Trump CPAC speech https : //t.co/jyed37al3k
LevinTV host Mark Levin 's Fox News show premieres this Sunday https : //t.co/NB08OtVcla
POPCORN : These Dems think they can take on Trump in 2020 | Here 's The Deal https : //t.co/6fiDpb36kN
# DoSomething : Where the hell is the outrage on the gang and drug crises wrought by DACA and sanctuaries ?
https : //t.co/6fjwekeGM3
Conservatoons : Let no crisis go to waste https : //t.co/h0gvNTbioO
Levin : The Broward County Sheriff 's Office 'blew it ! '
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/s8uN5ieqGZ
https : //t.co/nfKSsDS1yl
Treasury Dept . : The real deficit is twice as big – and getting worse https : //t.co/ojz2l0s47Q
The most depressing political trend in America https : //t.co/jpJVpZzIzf
HOT TAKES ! Trump CPAC speech is 'more Hitler every day ' ? ! https : //t.co/9bbO4OWRa5
Media MELTS down over Trump CPAC speech https : //t.co/jyed37al3k
LevinTV host Mark Levin 's Fox News show premieres this Sunday
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/NB08OtDBtC
Conservatoons : Let no crisis go to waste ! https : //t.co/h0gvNTbioO
RT @ CRTV : Live now from # CPAC2018 :
@ LevinTV

Watch now :
https : //t.co/tYSx7N95gQ
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW :
@ michellemalkin at # CPAC2018

Watch her on CRTV :
https : //t.co/cVO4Um5ySk
Levin : The Broward County Sheriff 's Office 'blew it ! ' https : //t.co/s8uN5ieqGZ
# DoSomething : Where the hell is the outrage on the gang and drug crises wrought by DACA and sanctuaries ? https : //t.co/6fjwekeGM3
Treasury Dept . : The real deficit is twice as big – and getting worse
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/ojz2l0s47Q
The most depressing political trend in America
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/jpJVpZzIzf
HOT TAKES ! Trump CPAC speech is 'more Hitler every day ' ? !

via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/9bbO4OWRa5
WTF MSM ! ? Media MELTS down over Trump CPAC speech https : //t.co/jyed37al3k
LevinTV host Mark Levin 's Fox News show premieres this Sunday https : //t.co/NB08OtDBtC
Conservatoons : Let no crisis go to waste https : //t.co/h0gvNTbioO
This tweet did not age well . https : //t.co/une1nXWPEt
RT @ CRTV : 🎙
TUNE IN NOW to @ DuckCommanderPR on the @ SeanHannity Radio show :
https : //t.co/QvWKGoPAK0 https : //t.co/EGCmTDm0mj
Excellent point .

When did @ jaketapper and @ CNN know about the `` # BrowardCowards '' ?

Before the public mob and Sheriff Israel were set loose on @ DLoesch and @ marcorubio ? https : //t.co/TkowmvA7Cj
Yet , half of our country is applauding @ CNN , @ Hertz and others for blaming the @ NRA .

How sad . How sick . https : //t.co/0uljnW2D43
RT @ CRTV : Are you watching @ conservmillen on # CRTVLive from # CPAC2018 ?

Go now :
https : //t.co/xBnPkIrT3B
RT @ SecretService : BREAKING : An individual driving a passenger vehicle struck a security barrier near the White House at 17th & amp ; E .
Heartbreaking .

This could have been prevented .

This *SHOULD* have been prevented . https : //t.co/LzEcZFwAyB
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : My latest for @ CR on what is clearly the most depressing stat in all of American politics :

https : //t.co/B5P7wwakBD
Treasury Dept . : The real deficit is twice as big – and getting worse https : //t.co/ojz2l0s47Q
The most depressing political trend in America https : //t.co/jpJVpZzIzf
HOT TAKES ! Trump CPAC speech is 'more Hitler every day ' ? ! https : //t.co/9bbO4OWRa5
RT @ CRTV : Make sure you go to :

https : //t.co/5JCixnBgro
https : //t.co/5JCixnBgro
https : //t.co/5JCixnBgro https : //t.co/uIABMUB81c
We need more elected officials who look at the # BillofRights the way @ mollyfprince looks at @ DLoesch

# CPAC2018 https : //t.co/mXU3kjPHXE
RT @ CRTV : Have you signed up ?
Win a hunting trip with @ DuckCommanderPR

This ends SOON — go now :
https : //t.co/VDb8NYn1xf https : //t.co/fEAlX…
RT @ CRTV : On # CRTVLive right now :
@ KellyannePolls
@ SBALinda

Watch # CPAC2018 :
https : //t.co/XnwvWpX2tT
Here 's the latest dumb `` argument '' to ridicule defending schools https : //t.co/7JtBySwI5K
RT @ CRTV : Now on # CRTVLive from # cpac2018 : @ MillerStream

Watch now :
https : //t.co/ceJbl9fPVZ
RT @ CRTV : LIVE now from # cpac2018 :
@ deneenborelli

Watch her live for free at CRTV :
https : //t.co/5P11LRquU8
WATCH : Dana Loesch at CPAC RIPS 'BS ' media attacks on gun owners
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/ed1VQAtjWp
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Trump on preventing school shootings with concealed carry : `` Why do we protect our airports , our banks , our government b…
WTF MSM ! ? Did CNN script anti-gun town hall ? https : //t.co/8UJNDD2IVZ
Congrats @ charlescwcooke !

# GodBlessTheUSA https : //t.co/sw4euNfp0o
RT @ CRTV : The crowd at # CPAC2018 is loving this @ realDonaldTrump speech .

Watch it live :
https : //t.co/FWtqrVSRRC
Mark Levin and Charlton Heston : The Second Amendment is more essential than the First https : //t.co/1fSEN28xiF
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Trump gives shout out to Freedom Caucus members Jim Jordan and Mark Meadows , calling them `` warriors '' from the CPAC stag…
Keyboard warrior is out of his league . https : //t.co/kNWn4wDlSt
RT @ RMConservative : Trump has done everything he can on appointing judges , but here are 12 reasons it wont matter if we dont reform the jud…
RT @ CRTV : Coming Up : @ realDonaldTrump
Live from # CPAC2018

Watch it LIVE & amp ; FREE :
https : //t.co/FWtqrVSRRC
# StopNRAmazon : Anti-gun blue-check brigade demands Amazon censor NRATV https : //t.co/RXyxL9hb5x
RT @ ericbolling : Let ’ s put politics aside for a moment and join forces to defeat a killer of our most precious commodity.. our kids . # Opioi…
RT @ CRTV : Sick , sick , sick .

@ CNN is *literally* making the gun the bad guy here . https : //t.co/izRmMS4JVq
RT @ CRTV : The sex abuse scandals Leftists don ’ t want to talk about
Have you heard of the Oxfam sexual abuse scandal ? Probably not .
@ Michell…
Reported alleged failures at every level of intervention :

- The school was warned
- The Police were warned
- The FBI was warned
- The school ’ s armed deputy heard shots but did not enter …

But again , this is about easy access to a certain type of rifle , right ? https : //t.co/72gI6FhYOI
: ( https : //t.co/A7dMEXPgDR
RT @ CRTV : Watch LIVE now :
@ WilkowMajority chats with @ antonia_okafor

Check it out :
https : //t.co/Hnix3GuuR5
RT @ WilkowMajority : Going live at 5pm on Facebook . @ CRTV # CPAC18 # crtv https : //t.co/uB1GmIoC2y
RT @ CRTV : On now with @ NateMaddenCRTV — @ grantstrobl

Watch now :
https : //t.co/G9CORJowDo
RT @ CRTV : Coming up on our # CPAC2018 LIVE :
@ NateMaddenCRTV chats with @ ThadMcCotter

Watch at CRTV :
https : //t.co/5b0HUnOSD2
RT @ CRTV : WATCH # CPAC2018 Live now !
Currently speaking : @ benshapiro

Watch :
https : //t.co/MYQLwmfc0H
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW at # CPAC2018 :
@ tedcruz

# CruzCrew … you can watch it on CRTV :
https : //t.co/yHrCL113XU
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Eric Bolling 's story is a tragic 1 and 1 that way too many in the United States relate to . If a loved 1 is struggling w…
RT @ RyanTAnd : Take 4 minutes and watch this short clip @ SteveDeaceShow @ CRTV @ EncounterBooks https : //t.co/wcAGGC5XqD
@ oliverdarcy 😎👋

@ rikkiratliff
RT @ GrahamLedger : Anybody who would like to see the results of `` more gun laws '' , look no further than Baltimore . My buddy Daniel Horowitz @ R…
RT @ CRTV : LIVE now at # CPAC2018
@ AmbJohnBolton

Watch :
https : //t.co/N9DYgZhYJL
WATCH : Dana Loesch at CPAC RIPS 'BS ' media attacks on gun owners https : //t.co/ed1VQAtjWp
RT @ rikkiratliff : Hiding in @ CRTV booth for # CPAC . Live-streaming from here all day . Come say hi ya crazy cons . https : //t.co/q0IiXfykT1
Time to visit your school board https : //t.co/WA5TevTGzl
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW :
@ VP at # CPAC2018

Watch here :
https : //t.co/lCh2HhaIwm
The Baltimore effect : What gun-grabbers don ’ t want to debate https : //t.co/zKjgfzmLKy
@ jssgriffi No .

See : https : //t.co/fedvbYCvLl
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW :
@ DLoesch at # CPAC2018

Watch here :
https : //t.co/FyionCOHGp
DACA and sanctuary cities fueling gang and opioid crises
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/Glp0CFoAvp
CNN ’ s response .

Maybe this is why shoving kids into spotlights is a bad idea ?

# buttheratingsclicksandviews https : //t.co/SKgJx1bj6Q
RT @ CRTV : If we really care about stopping gun violence , should n't we work to stop the criminal , not just the crime ?
@ ConservMillen with so…
Oh @ CNN . https : //t.co/cF1HRG5YvD
RT @ GrahamLedger : https : //t.co/UcBNKL3sxa
RT @ MikeKMorrison : And there 's the punch line . This is a rally to get out the vote in November . # CNNtownhall
And there you have it . The Democrat sheriff just said , “ Vote in people who feel the same way you do . ”

# CNNTownHall
# CNNTownHall https : //t.co/ARub13zpJI
You misspelled Sen. Bill Nelson free campaign ad .

# CNNTownHall https : //t.co/LxDtC6VFIc
RT @ Thomasismyuncle : I 'm not a big gun guy , but if you liberals want guns off the street , the answer is repealing the 2nd Amendment . Man up…
@ therealOrrinO Reductio ad absurdum .

# ByeTroll
No .

The Bill of Rights is not an affirmative creator of rights , it is a set of protections for unalienable rights endowed by our creator .

# NaturalLaw https : //t.co/nQFrgjQNlK
Did Sen. Rubio just raise the age of adulthood to 21 ?

# CNNTownHall
RT @ RMConservative : Joining @ randycorporon on @ 710knus in Denver to discuss the world coming apart .
# NewTone
# RiseAbove https : //t.co/on43itLC3J
Oh . https : //t.co/1j291tLzVy
RT @ CRTV : Is there any way a feminist and an anti-feminist can find common ground on gender issues ?

@ RoamingMil and Michael Rowlands attem…
Jeff Flake , other GOP senators begin push for gun control https : //t.co/yZmpDCOU8m
@ _tim_wagner Fully automatic weapons have been effectively banned since 1934 .

https : //t.co/txIvwMMLT3
RT @ CRTV : MUST SEE @ MichelleMalkin :
@ CNN plans on holding a # Townhall on gun control tonight — BUT BEWARE ! ! They have a sordid and long his…
What collusion ?
via @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/14LpTOJIG5
RT @ CRTV : Coming up next on @ WilkowMajority https : //t.co/iNYLbHfJfu
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Ruger mini 14s and the like still exist and have the same capabilities as an AR . They just do n't look as scary . But whe…
RT @ michellemalkin : CNN or Think Progress -- What difference does it make ?
# bananas https : //t.co/IHPEi3RObk
CNN doxxes elderly woman , claiming she 'unwittingly ' helped Russians during election https : //t.co/4X0by3EaZR
Goodbye to my brother from another mother https : //t.co/yime0mcnyE
SCOTUS : The right to bear arms shall not be … recognized ? https : //t.co/c2Zp438KHr
Hey # coloRADo — @ michellemalkin is all over your airwaves today :

8:34 am on @ Rossputin

9:30 am with @ JimmyLakey

10 am on @ peter_boyles

Tune in !
Mark Levin : GOP must stop playing 'chorus to the radical-left progressives ' on guns https : //t.co/nZRhfFsi0O
May he rest in peace . https : //t.co/69lc2zQ9eb
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR https : //t.co/pdZ5bznuh3 https : //t.co/Sel4Sh…
🔥🔥🔥
This is must read from @ michellemalkin : Do not let the children lead
America is not a juvenilocracy .
https : //t.co/tXcaJAvghT
Wait , who else is confused ?

16 year olds kids should vote … but 18 year old adults shouldn ’ t be allowed to purchase a weapon ?

Does that mean the age of military service will rise as well ? https : //t.co/mzLgKZrcBj
Join 100,000+ conservatives and get Footnotes daily — for free !

Want a sample ? https : //t.co/xpx0XqgqcX

Sign up now — did we mention it 's free ? : https : //t.co/mdfCoGJrY6
Join 100,000+ conservatives and get Footnotes daily — for free !

Want a sample ?
https : //t.co/xpx0XqgqcX

Sign up now : https : //t.co/mdfCoGJrY6 https : //t.co/tKeXITABXh
Early voting kicks off in Texas . Here are the 2018 congressional races conservatives are watching https : //t.co/QOTnlgSADs via @ ChrisCPandolfo
Mark Levin : GOP must stop playing 'chorus to the radical-left progressives ' on guns https : //t.co/nZRhfFsi0O via @ ChrisCPandolfo
CNN 's Brian Stelter , who NEVER questions Trump 's mental health , is still questioning Trump 's mental health
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/2e5rli1V4j
Pay attention ! Mitt Romney just showed you who he is
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/4FtrI9qDPg
Meet @ chiproytx , GOP candidate for Congress in Texas ’ 21st Congressional District
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/UVfLlog7dF
Congress has n't passed amnesty ? No problem ! Judges do it for them
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/RmhF95fdVD
WTF MSM ! ? Is the nonstop media coverage all over $ 46k in Russian Facebook ads ?
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/gA47rIaHMT
RT @ CRTV : In this episode of 'Flipside , ' @ ConserMillen proves that all hope for higher education is not lost .
Dr. Goodyear , professor of P…
Ohio court strips parental rights in favor of transgenderism
via @ NateMaddenCRTV
https : //t.co/y0gpuxyyLZ
The Mueller probe perfectly serves Russia ’ s agenda
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/x6auQpg9tj
RT @ CRTV : Same @ Mkibbe —new way of doing things .
# KibbeOnLiberty

Tuesdays and Thursdays — only at CRTV :
https : //t.co/Y3G12E5bYR https : //t…
Congress has n't passed amnesty ? No problem ! Judges do it for them https : //t.co/RmhF95fdVD
RT @ Robeno : From today 's WTF MSM ! ? The price of discord in America is astonishingly low .

Read more and sign up -- & gt ; https : //t.co/WfDLeKCgBt…
RT @ LevinTV : LevinTV is two years old ! To celebrate , new customers can receive $ 20 off when signing up for an annual subscription with code…
RT @ RMConservative : Congress has n't passed amnesty ? No problem ! Judges do it for them https : //t.co/mndjPR1BrA via @ RMConservative
RT @ deneenborelli : Joining @ TeamCavuto @ FoxBusiness today 1p ET w @ PatricePinkFile @ IWF @ CRTV @ CR https : //t.co/2zyjrqu97Q
Meet @ chiproytx GOP candidate for Congress in Texas ’ 21st Congressional District https : //t.co/UVfLlog7dF
Trump Derangement Syndrome , judicial edition | Here 's The Deal w/ @ DeneenBorelli
https : //t.co/gYrxrYyLG8
Communities , not government , hold the key to stopping mass shootings https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB
CNN 's Brian Stelter , who NEVER questions Trump 's mental health , is still questioning Trump 's mental health https : //t.co/2e5rli1V4j
RT @ CRTV : Are n't Phil and Miss Kay adorable ?

Watch them on : `` In the Woods with Phil '' — only on CRTV :
https : //t.co/3On6ECkOGd https : //t.co/…
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Great presidents keep first things first :

God

capitalism

hard work

Use promo code PHIL to watch the full episode & amp ; …
Oh , lucky us .
😒🙄 https : //t.co/hwVRKKTi5x
RT @ CRTV : ICYMI : Is the Swamp using the troops as bargaining chips ? ! Congressman @ RepThomasMassie tells @ NateMaddenCRTV that 's exactly what…
RT @ JordanSchachtel : My @ CRTV newsletter The Dossier is out ! Today :
-Why Mueller 's latest move is a Potemkin indictment
-Why u should ignor…
Mitt Romney is the last person we need in the Senate https : //t.co/enp4jAOSdR
This is what we tweeted about earlier : https : //t.co/yRzCv0UoWc
RT @ CRTV : Let ’ s FIGHT BACK together …
… against the mainstream media ’ s biased reporting , selective facts , and outright propaganda .

Sign u…
RT @ CRTV : The video doesn ’ t even make this claim ?

Why is the MSM pushing these lies ?

This is why we can ’ t have a conversation about mass…
Levin : Ignore DC politicians if you want to protect our kids at school https : //t.co/2tATlyy6mc
Senate committee passes jailbreak for gun felons while pushing…gun control https : //t.co/IksoDsI8s6
Stelter is gon na Stelter

via @ robeno

CNN ’ s Brian Stelter , who NEVER questions Trump ’ s mental health , is still questioning Trump ’ s mental health
Oprah awaits ‘ call from God ’ on POTUS run . Does SHE have a ‘ mental illness , ’ Joy Behar ? https : //t.co/h4vagfCtvx
Sen. @ TedCruz : Republicans are 'to the left of Obama ' now ! https : //t.co/yWkMWE6XBv
& gt ; @ scrowder 'I HAVE to visit ' DePaul University now that I 've been banned https : //t.co/LipWEPxTqa
🤯🤯 https : //t.co/0egsb330hW
He can .
He can just send it in .
It ’ s an option . https : //t.co/gvo6ol0OGF
Can we leave the trolling and name-calling at home while we talk guns ? https : //t.co/pMXIGlm450
The most forgotten men and women in American politics https : //t.co/xM0wZe5B4f
WTF MSM ! ? The Washington Post ’ s gun fact-checks are surprisingly spot on and deserve our praise https : //t.co/QW4Ls0DUGM
CNN ’ s @ BrianStelter , who NEVER questions Trump ’ s mental health , is still questioning Trump ’ s mental health

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/2e5rli1V4j
The most forgotten men and women in American politics
via @ NateMaddenCRTV
https : //t.co/xM0wZe5B4f
Communities , not government , hold the key to stopping mass shootings
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB
Andrew Johnson was right : The president can fire any employee he wishes https : //t.co/UYhwaq0ANB
Ouch ! @ TedCruz destroys CNN 's sanctimonious Brian Stelter https : //t.co/4gfXID3fzG
Levin incensed : 'Twice , people saw something , said something , and the FBI blew it ! ' https : //t.co/ZFF8jsStJb
Today in history : FDR ordered an act of American despotism https : //t.co/2qP0pRhcnV
On this day in history : Republic of Texas became part of USA , Iwo Jima battle launched https : //t.co/FOBFRFv6Za
In other news the Earth is still not flat .

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/2e5rli1V4j
RT @ JordanSchachtel : Flashback :
-Putin invited guest at Clinton Foundation events
-Reset Button
-Uranium One
-Trump-Russia dossier source…
Communities , not government , hold the key to stopping mass shootings https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB
Levin incensed : 'Twice , people saw something , said something , and the FBI blew it ! ' https : //t.co/ZFF8jsStJb
WTF MSM ! ? The Washington Post ’ s gun fact-checks are surprisingly spot on and deserve our praise https : //t.co/QW4Ls0DUGM
Ouch ! @ TedCruz destroys CNN 's sanctimonious Brian Stelter https : //t.co/4gfXID3fzG
Andrew Johnson was right : The president can fire any employee he wishes https : //t.co/UYhwaq0ANB
The most forgotten men and women in American politics https : //t.co/xM0wZe5B4f
Can we leave the trolling and name-calling at home while we talk guns ? https : //t.co/pMXIGlm450
& gt ; @ scrowder 'I HAVE to visit ' DePaul University now that I 've been banned https : //t.co/LipWEPxTqa
Sen. @ TedCruz : Republicans are 'to the left of Obama ' now ! https : //t.co/yWkMWE6XBv
Oprah awaits ‘ call from God ’ on POTUS run . Does SHE have a ‘ mental illness , ’ Joy Behar ? https : //t.co/h4vagfCtvx
Senate committee passes jailbreak for gun felons while pushing…gun control https : //t.co/IksoDsI8s6
Levin : Ignore DC politicians if you want to protect our kids at school https : //t.co/2tATlyy6mc
The Washington Post ’ s gun fact-checks are surprisingly spot on and deserve our praise https : //t.co/QW4Ls0DUGM
Mitt Romney is the last person we need in the Senate https : //t.co/enp4jAOSdR
IMPORTANT :
Communities , not government , hold the key to stopping mass shootings
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB
IMPORTANT :
Communities , not government , hold the key to stopping mass shootings
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB
Oprah awaits ‘ call from God ’ on POTUS run . Does SHE have a ‘ mental illness , ’ Joy Behar ? https : //t.co/h4vagfCtvx
Mitt Romney is the last person we need in the Senate https : //t.co/enp4jAOSdR
! ! ! ! @ tedcruz : Republicans are 'to the left of Obama ' now ! https : //t.co/yWkMWE6XBv
& gt ; & gt ; @ scrowder 'I HAVE to visit ' DePaul University now that I 've been banned https : //t.co/LipWEPxTqa
Can we leave the trolling and name-calling at home while we talk guns ?
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/pMXIGlm450
The most forgotten men and women in American politics https : //t.co/xM0wZe5B4f
History Lesson :
Andrew Johnson was right : The president can fire any employee he wishes https : //t.co/UYhwaq0ANB
Boom !
Sen @ tedcruz destroys CNN 's sanctimonious Brian Stelter https : //t.co/4gfXID3fzG
The Washington Post ’ s gun fact-checks are surprisingly spot on and deserve our praise https : //t.co/QW4Ls0DUGM
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/UuEYcwzRZZ
°•• & gt ; @ LevinTV incensed : 'Twice , people saw something , said something , and the FBI blew it ! ' https : //t.co/ZFF8jsStJb
RT @ CRTV : They really are fantastic !

Watch them all here — & gt ;
@ mkibbe ’ s 7 Deadly Isms :
https : //t.co/Py8rHALest https : //t.co/Y5jnCAayKc
IMPORTANT :
Communities , not government , hold the key to stopping mass shootings
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/N0pBa6xweB
Ted Cruz destroys CNN 's sanctimonious Brian Stelter https : //t.co/4gfXICLEb6
A reminder from @ RMConservative :
@ MittRomney is the last person we need in the Senate https : //t.co/enp4jAOSdR
WTF MSM ! ? The Washington Post ’ s gun fact-checks are surprisingly spot on and deserve our praise https : //t.co/QW4Ls0DUGM
& gt ; & gt ; @ scrowder : 'I HAVE to visit ' DePaul University now that I 've been banned https : //t.co/LipWEPxTqa
This is awful . This makes this all the more frustrating and tragic . https : //t.co/dJgGplOpK4
RT @ JordanSchachtel : My @ CRTV newsletter The Dossier is out !
Today 's edition :
-How North Korea and Iran are building up their influence on…
WTF MSM ! ? Continuing to dig a North Korean propaganda hole https : //t.co/2n2ryLbdPk
Oprah awaits ‘ call from God ’ on POTUS run . Does SHE have a ‘ mental illness , ’ @ JoyVBehar ? https : //t.co/h4vagfCtvx
RT @ CRTV : Did you watch the new @ Mkibbe on Liberty yesterday ?

`` There 's no 'I ' in China '' :
https : //t.co/MjOn0uOZfo

Catch the *all new* — Ki…
`` I have never understood the conservative fetish for the Second Amendment . ”

That ’ s because LEFTISTS don ’ t understand the purpose of the Bill of Rights , its philosophical underpinnings , or that we are a nation established upon Natural Law .

But you know , CLICKS and VIEWS . https : //t.co/pqZctc2oHu
Wait , wut ? !
Senate committee passes jailbreak for gun felons while pushing…gun control https : //t.co/IksoDsI8s6
°• & gt ; @ marklevinshow Ignore DC politicians if you want to protect our kids at school https : //t.co/2tATlyy6mc
You really need to sign up for @ NateMaddenCRTV ’ s newsletter , he is always on the Hill and always talking to lawmakers .

Here :
https : //t.co/ECG5g3UV5r https : //t.co/JdSk69ns1j
🧤🧤🧤🧤 https : //t.co/Ez0cWjfIVx
A Bill of Rights for the Forgotten Taxpayer and Consumer
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/lRfeg8xseP
RT @ TeriMargolinHug : Daniel Horowitz proposes a New Contract with American for the forgotten taxpayer . It is fantastic ! . @ freedomcaucus # MA…
Levin : Ignore DC politicians if you want to protect our kids at school https : //t.co/2tATlyy6mc
Senate committee passes jailbreak for gun felons while pushing…gun control https : //t.co/IksoDsI8s6
Watch : @ marcorubio explains why doing 'something ' to stop gun violence is n't enough https : //t.co/z7ydexmyM9
Disgusting .
The Florida massacre exposed these members of Congress as utter ghouls https : //t.co/xM7OWeRetd
. @ marklevinshow : Why do we need to hear from politicians in the wake of the Florida shooting ? https : //t.co/IV3HD2NbRP
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Police are n't the problem . And when it comes to lawlessness , we need a spiritual fix , not a political fix .

Watch more…
A *MUST READ* newsletter from @ RobEno today :
`` Yes , your thoughts and prayers matter . Especially at a time like this . '' https : //t.co/dtilXyeQ07

Sign up to receive his newsletter for FREE :
https : //t.co/bYK0KLfBIs
RT @ CRTV : Pandering pols use tragedy for gun control agenda ( again )
Why don ’ t we ban ghoulish , opportunistic politicians ?
Less than 24hrs a…
Was the DNC actually hacked ? Trump-Russia narrative continues to collapse https : //t.co/aLt8zEcqev
This is awful .

We must be better than this . https : //t.co/cPubJMkGdf
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : And a special thanks to my producer @ liciahesse and our very capable cameraman/editor John `` The Rock '' Rockovich for the…
Sen. @ tedcruz blasts amnesty-first Republicans , demands they listen to the voters https : //t.co/0Mz4dCkQ8n
RT @ michellemalkin : Watch : Arizona ranchers under siege . What about their dreams ? == & gt ;
https : //t.co/OxfZujWB24 https : //t.co/11eRDbOsHN
RT @ JordanSchachtel : New SOUTHCOM report today highlighting the new threats posed by Iran and North Korea in *Latin America* . You read that…
As @ ChrisCPandolfo explained : “ Guess someone is up for re-election this year . ”

cc : @ JohnJamesMI https : //t.co/JbUz3oAaL2
Illegal alien DUI kills American toddler in ambulance https : //t.co/O6ATdsXbyt
Levin : Why do we need to hear from politicians in the wake of the Florida shooting ? https : //t.co/IV3HD2NbRP
Meet the new Gang of 8 : GOP senators push amnesty for FUTURE illegal aliens https : //t.co/eY8KiNIcYF
The heroic football coach who laid down his life in Florida shooting https : //t.co/sfu8pI9ESh
Watch : Marco Rubio explains why doing 'something ' to stop gun violence is n't enough https : //t.co/z7ydexE9DH
The Florida massacre exposed these members of Congress as utter ghouls https : //t.co/xM7OWeRetd
Yes , your thoughts and prayers matter . Especially at a time like this . https : //t.co/dtilXyeQ07
An important piece from @ CalebHowe https : //t.co/Avv1oPFGVx
RT @ ScottWarner18 : Rather than talk about the coward shooter , meet Aaron Feis , football coach & amp ; security guard at Marjory Stoneman Douglas…
RT @ wsvn : # UPDATE : Broward Sheriff : Shooting suspect was expelled for disciplinary reasons https : //t.co/IjXAiU2OxI
RT @ AP : Federal official identifies Florida high school shooting suspect as Nicolas Cruz , sheriff says suspect is former student . https : //t…
RT @ FLOTUS : My heart is heavy over the school shooting in Florida . Keeping all affected in my thoughts & amp ; prayers .
Official announcement from law enforcement on the scene : https : //t.co/JmyiawIL6b
RT @ marcorubio : We are monitoring the horrible unfolding situation in Broward County , Florida with reports of a shooting at a local high s…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting . No child , teacher or anyon…
WTF MSM ! ? Continuing to dig a North Korean propaganda hole https : //t.co/2n2ryLbdPk
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Whoa . https : //t.co/5GaGzNad5G
Illegal alien DUI kills American toddler in ambulance https : //t.co/O6ATdsXbyt
RT @ CRTV : Rep. @ Jim_Jordan on the GOP 's political adultery
The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/XtORt7HAl3
RT @ JordanSchachtel : My Latest : Was the DNC actually hacked ? Trump-Russia narrative continues to collapse https : //t.co/5c2LDPWFLv
Grassley immigration bill has TWICE as much foreign aid as border security https : //t.co/NEVst7VGXY
Poll : Trump 's approval evens out ; GOP takes slight lead in generic ballot https : //t.co/Y2z3MZhViU
RT @ Robeno : On the heels of a broad based conservative tax cut , things are looking up for the GOP . But there 's still a long way to go until…
RT @ CatholicVote : `` Will the Leftist media 's Olympic-level crush on Kim Yo-jong scare sane liberals to the right ? ''
That 's the question @ Step…
RT @ RMConservative : Grassley immigration bill has TWICE as much foreign aid as border security https : //t.co/zZuomVinEJ via @ ChrisCPandolfo
RT @ RoamingMil : TONIGHT Senate hopeful @ va_shiva joins us to discuss his challenging of @ SenWarren !
Elizabeth Warren : Fake Indians & amp ; Real…
NEW : @ michellemalkin : Science , secrecy and lies in Oklahoma https : //t.co/J2rN1Q1KAB
He 's right ! @ benshapiro : This is n't normal

https : //t.co/tJNJ5QvA7U
Republicans are dancing with the devil by funding Planned Parenthood https : //t.co/LM5hUJR39b
RT @ CRTV : We should be celebrating Frederick Douglass ' birthday 🎂 today , because he was a real American 🇺🇸 badass .
@ MKibbe explains

More…
RT @ Reuters : BREAKING : Three people shot and wounded , one person in custody in reported shooting near NSA headquarters in Maryland - local…
That NPR story has been up for over an hour ?

🤷‍♂️🤷‍♀️ https : //t.co/2feGYfBiFV
Levin : ‘ Obama knew ’ about surveillance abuse targeting Trump world https : //t.co/kaTA2Cb1WG
Brian Stelter ’ s amnesia : He can ’ t recall questioning Trump ’ s mental health https : //t.co/CRC32MmEIR
RT @ JordanSchachtel : Susan Rice is still the reigning queen of manufactured narratives https : //t.co/MzmLFqJBZ8
@ jason_howerton Congrats !
Susan Rice is still the reigning queen of manufactured narratives https : //t.co/IAol5iZceJ
WATCH : OMB Director @ MickMulvaneyOMB shreds Nancy Pelosi 's 'crumbs ' at budget hearing https : //t.co/HbdR4Cif99
How chain migration will create a permanent Democrat majority https : //t.co/cUJSFkoaHv
Leftists FREAK OUT about bold Trump admin . proposal to revamp food stamps https : //t.co/HKQlYEfHmc
RT @ CRTV : Fool ’ s Gold at the Winter Olympics
Here 's the Deal w/ @ DeneenBorelli

The MSM has been in a love fest with North Koreans at the…
RT @ Gavin_McInnes : This # GOML podcast starts out funny but then descends into me whining about fatherhood . https : //t.co/5kH1W68p9x
8 examples of eye-popping debt from Trump ’ s budget https : //t.co/F5k03Wjhk9
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : It 's time for legislative immigration Thunderdome in the Senate , folks . What ( if anything ) can get to the magical 60-vo…
Mark Levin pummels all Swamp creatures : 'They 're spending like drunken Marxists ' https : //t.co/B9JA4VDtLn
RT @ RMConservative : Slightly more than half of all federal spending over the next 10 years will be from health care , welfare , other mandat…
Wow - @ chloekimsnow just crushed !
🇺🇸🥇
# Olympics
Mark Levin pummels all Swamp creatures : 'They 're spending like drunken Marxists ' https : //t.co/B9JA4VDtLn via @ kpshiver3
RT @ JordanSchachtel : John Brennan is the centerpiece of Phase 3 of the Obama admin surveillance abuse investigation .

Sign up for my @ CRTV…
Vote Alert : Massive Spending , Debt Ceiling Raise , and Democrat Priorities Funded https : //t.co/RBpAGrq9ux
via @ AndrewCMcCarthy How the FBI spied on Trump through Carter Page AFTER Page left the campaign https : //t.co/reTcm6vbOM
North Korea is an awful — horrible — terrible place to live .
No wonder the MSM loves it .
https : //t.co/AcNsGlSerV
WTF MSM ! ? The media ’ s weekend North Korea fawning was as bad as you can imagine https : //t.co/BzyHMgi1wR
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : “ The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America . ”

`` Congress may by Law vest the A…
RT @ RMConservative : My interview with @ Jim_Jordan on the unfathomable budget betrayal https : //t.co/LQGfb3RYho
RT @ CRTV : How dare we challenge the anti-American Left 's patriotism when they drool over Kim Jong Un 's sister ?

`` Yes , we dare , you treason…
Pain at the pump ! GOP considers gas tax increase https : //t.co/jL9ajhTN8l
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Inbox : WH summary of POTUS ' budget plan touts $ 3 trillion in deficit reductions and a `` two-penny plan '' to cut non-defen…
Why the GOP ’ s budget betrayal is even WORSE than you think
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/1eQOyLYdPH
Of course we should cut taxes in the face of debt
says @ SteveDeaceShow
This is n't an `` either/or '' proposition .
https : //t.co/lUjKPc9IE4
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Left : North Korean dictator you should not admire .

Right : North Korean defector who fled her tyranny . https : //t.co/izo…
RT @ CRTV : Hey @ Reuters ,
your Juche is showing . https : //t.co/hjWoF5bJ2U
# MiracleOnIce https : //t.co/nOoIKUjWjA
RT @ CRTV : Did @ Gavin_McInnes just ask him that ?
Of course he did .

The secrets behind Brazilian grooming habits , only on # CRTVTonight :
http…
👠 https : //t.co/LKRK4nppd9
& gt ; & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : There 's so much smoke . Why worry about a fire ? https : //t.co/hvqo0SHSff
What happened to 'combat standards won ’ t be lowered ' ? https : //t.co/MnY53p7an1
It ’ s time for the Forgotten Man Caucus https : //t.co/qfSwt6weiF
The moral outrage of Mitch McConnell 's cowardly leadership https : //t.co/A2yVQ5Ngem
The time is NOW to push your state for a Convention of States https : //t.co/PIzdg6h7h7
RT @ CRTV : `` Mother fudge biscuits , what is wrong with these people ? ''

~ @ MichelleMalkin dropkicking the media fan club that 's now drooling…
WTF MSM ! ? Comey set it up ? https : //t.co/rGm3IZsd5D
'This was a setup ... the entire time ! ' Dan Bongino blows Obamagate wide open https : //t.co/SUTF4McWsN
RT @ Robeno : Think Progress is the commentary arm of the Hillary Clinton linked Center for American Progress founded by Clinton confidant @ j…
Vote Alert : Massive Spending , Debt Ceiling Raise , and Democrat Priorities Funded https : //t.co/RBpAGrq9ux
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ dbongino : Nothing in the Democrat memo can change the corruption that was exposed in the GOP memo https : //t.co/pNLeAmq…
Mitch McConnell ’ s blank check to the Left https : //t.co/ekAjHPDOAe https : //t.co/gvbnVuziBq
Levin cuts through the media smoke screen on new anti-Trump FBI texts https : //t.co/C2KSzd41jE
WTF MSM ! ? Comey set it up ?
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/rGm3IZsd5D
'An absolute disgrace ! ' Mark Levin blasts Mitch McConnell and his budget-busting spending deal https : //t.co/VJCjN5uaKv
RT @ conservmillen : Making my @ MSNBC debut this afternoon around 1pmET . Talking all kinds of White House drama . Should be a good time .
All for Dreamers ? No , Nancy Pelosi 's 8-hour speech was for Nancy Pelosi https : //t.co/RTC6DVV6J2
The time is NOW to push your state for a Convention of States
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/PIzdg6h7h7
'This was a setup ... the entire time ! ' @ DBongino blows Obamagate wide open https : //t.co/SUTF4McWsN
While everyone is distracted , the GOP sells us out on issue after issue

The Conservative Conscience with @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/yCRTZeID2C
The moral outrage of Mitch McConnell 's cowardly leadership
.
https : //t.co/A2yVQ5Ngem
It ’ s time for the Forgotten Man Caucus
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/qfSwt6weiF
TUNE IN NOW :
https : //t.co/FzZ2DOoe1b

# CRTVTonight w/ @ Gavin_McInnes

Pro-tip : Use # CRTVTonight
What happened to 'combat standards won ’ t be lowered ' ? https : //t.co/MnY53p7an1
RT @ CRTV : https : //t.co/EzyG3K4g1W https : //t.co/EIeZJGzh96
=== & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : There 's so much smoke . Why worry about a fire ? https : //t.co/hvqo0SHSff
RT @ michellemalkin : You are a patriot , @ sabine_durden ❤️🇺🇸
# DominicDurden # NeverForget # AmericansAreDreamersToo https : //t.co/cdfzkXOlM6
We 're all Pontius Pilate now https : //t.co/aNn8OYcSvY
Vote Alert : Massive Spending , Debt Ceiling Raise , and Democrat Priorities Funded https : //t.co/RBpAGrq9ux
'This was a setup ... the entire time ! ' @ DBongino blows Obamagate wide open https : //t.co/SUTF4McWsN
RT @ CRTV : He 's baaack .
@ Gavin_McInnes welcomes :
@ MillerStream , @ AdelleNaz @ Goremy
crtv TONIGHT
9:30 pm ET
https : //t.co/PWCDzHZ8Cc https : //…
While everyone is distracted , the GOP sells us out on issue after issue

The Conservative Conscience with @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/yCRTZeID2C
THAT ’ S the Olympic spirit !
🙄

Give them a🥉for being tacky . https : //t.co/i6Vvgy5LBV
RT @ CRTV : NEW : @ RoamingMil Uncensored w/special guest : @ antonia_okafor of @ empowered_2a

Watch the all new Roaming Millennial Uncensored :
h…
RT @ Gavin_McInnes : New # GOML podcast wherein I PROVE the existence of God . https : //t.co/IAbMFpCJo5
WTF MSM ! ? Comey set it up ?
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/rGm3IZaBH3
The time is NOW to push your state for a Convention of States
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/PIzdg6yI8F
RT @ ShannonJoyRadio : THIS from @ RMConservative —- & gt ; https : //t.co/YvR3V4KKlC
The moral outrage of Mitch McConnell 's cowardly leadership https : //t.co/A2yVQ64R5U
It ’ s time for the Forgotten Man Caucus https : //t.co/qfSwt6eCU5
Also note , approximately 100 % of illegal aliens enter the U.S. through the highlighted areas . https : //t.co/ZyGSkQIkaP
While everyone is distracted , the GOP sells us out on issue after issue

The Conservative Conscience with @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/yCRTZer1E2
What happened to 'combat standards won ’ t be lowered ' ? https : //t.co/MnY53oPyYr
RT @ JordanSchachtel : Sen Mark Warner ( D-VA ) colluded w/ a registered foreign agent for Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov . Lavrov is eq…
RT @ josephkoss : How kind of King @ JohnCornyn to finally give his blessing .

Ironic ( ? ) that he will allow the confirmation of the # 2 in the…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : . @ Jim_Jordan to CRTV on bloated budget deal : `` This budget compromise was a terrible deal . Hiking spending 13 percent an…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Freedom Caucus chairman @ RepMarkMeadows statement on budget bloat bill : While agreement `` provides a needed investment i…
Read @ DavidLimbaugh : There 's so much smoke . Why worry about a fire ? https : //t.co/hvqo0SHSff
We 're all Pontius Pilate now
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/aNn8OYcSvY
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Now that Congress has bloated the federal budget ( again ) , we 're looking at a full-out immigration fight for next week.…
'An absolute disgrace ! ' Mark @ LevinTV blasts Mitch McConnell and his budget-busting spending deal https : //t.co/VJCjN5uaKv
RT @ CRTV : While everyone is distracted , the GOP sells us out on issue after issue
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/uiDJZ3hU57
And posting on Facebook to ensure EVERYONE knows you broke up . https : //t.co/dyvqImfyBi
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Do n't y'all wish the government would STAY shut down ?

The full episode of In the Woods with Phil is right here : http…
# Tolerance

Liberals are totally fine with violence against conservatives , aren ’ t they @ BetteMidler ? https : //t.co/Cb1FwcpsJZ
RT @ conservmillen : Post a video about weapons women can use for self-defense ( blade , pepper spray , guns ) & amp ; this is a response . Make no mist…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : . @ SenTedCruz breaks silence on caps deal : `` After much consideration , I will reluctantly vote for this legislation . '' Tou…
RT @ CRTV : By this time tomorrow night , you will have watched CRTV Tonight w/ @ Gavin_Mcinnes

Be ready :
https : //t.co/PWCDzHHxKE https : //t.co…
All for Dreamers ? No , Nancy Pelosi 's 8-hour speech was for Nancy Pelosi https : //t.co/RTC6DVV6J2
Major player in Clinton Uranium One scandal finds his way into ‘ Trump-Russia ’ https : //t.co/cYkCrKQA0A
Mitch McConnell ’ s blank check to the Left https : //t.co/ekAjHPDOAe https : //t.co/Amh0Md9d2p
WTF MSM ! ? Is media incuriosity the new normal ? https : //t.co/ttaG2kTBTZ
RT @ Gavin_McInnes : Tonight ’ s # GOML stars @ stevemcgrew and an in-depth look at the fools who think Hunchback of Notre Dame is racist . https : …
Tax breaks for Hollywood ? ! Jim DeMint calls out GOP 'budget busting ' hypocrites https : //t.co/Wz3L5wRHm7
'An absolute disgrace ! ' Mark Levin blasts Mitch McConnell and his budget-busting spending deal https : //t.co/VJCjN5uaKv
Oh . https : //t.co/FVhqL0jjhG
RT @ scrowder : Do n't miss tonight 's # LwC with @ RoamingMil and @ hodgetwins !
We 'll talk Trudeau 's most cringe-worthy moments , and more !
8PM E…
# StandwithRand ? @ RandPaul

# DemandFiscalSanitywithRand ?

# GreenEggsandhamwithRand ? Oh wait , that ’ s that other guy @ tedcruz https : //t.co/2JOIiW8v49
RT @ CRTV : Did you catch the pilot of CRTV Tonight w/ @ Gavin_McInnes ?
These are the sorts of antics he gets up to .

Watch it now in prepara…
RT @ gastonmooney : How dare @ RandPaul try and represent the state of KY ! ? Votes , what is this ... the US Senate ? ! https : //t.co/7JaQBN846F
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : . @ RepMarkMeadows to me on HFC votes on caps deal : `` most of us are no . '' Says he expects house vote around midnight .
RT @ RoamingMil : New episode of @ CRTV 's UNCENSORED is up on YouTube !
( CRTV subscribers got it last night 😛 )
Also , tomorrow a new video about…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Make . It . Stop . https : //t.co/o3Ijvm0iiW
RT @ CRTV : Strzok-Page texts reveal Obama LIED , any way you slice it

Watch today 's White House Brief with @ MillerStream to find out more h…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Because it sucks ? https : //t.co/1HsZuLGN1Z
RT @ CRTV : An Olympic embarrassment | Here 's the Deal w/ @ DeneenBorelli

Deneen is all for freedom of speech and expression , but the Olympic…
Valentine ’ s day is coming up gentlemen . https : //t.co/MlolnvQGQx
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Two things to keep in mind abt `` spend now , cut later '' plan :

1 . McConnell has already signaled there 's no appetite in S…
RT @ RMConservative : Here is my write up on the jailbreak bill from last congress . Most if it still applies to the new bill , but ill have re…
RT @ RMConservative : @ NateMaddenCRTV This is gold ! ! !
RT @ Robeno : From today 's WTF MSM ! ? newsletter .

@ MZHemingway is on 🔥🔥

Read and subscribe here -- & gt ; https : //t.co/Td0gJQWQBd https : //t.co/WU…
Oof .

Sen. @ JoeManchinWV you might want to call your office , or do you have two offices — a Pro-Abortion one , and a # ProLife one ?

# WVSen https : //t.co/fh1zuJJl9d
# PelosiShutdown
RT @ CRTV : # PeakSalon

or

# SalonGotHacked ? https : //t.co/usE1UkW1nt
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : What fresh hell is this ? https : //t.co/xC9fkukrG3
RT @ JordanSchachtel : Here 's how @ CNN lies to protect Hillary :
They describe Cody Shearer , author of Dossier # 2 , as an `` independent journal…
RT @ RMConservative : This is the truth about the @ senjudiciary jailbreak agenda https : //t.co/myx6RMazEL
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : This is somewhat ironic given the fact that readiness levels/Pentagon funding are being used to put pressure on fiscal…
# TruthBomb https : //t.co/I7olkjLJ1R
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Reporter asks : Would house budget chair Ryan have supported this budget deal ?

Speaker says yes , brings up past budget…
Follow @ NateMaddenCRTV as he reports from # CapitolHill today , chasing down all the leads re : budget , DACA , and more ! https : //t.co/0CiNqgbkED
We need to ROLL BACK the tax cuts .

Too many deaths .

The blood is on Trump ’ s hands ! https : //t.co/2d5GhIInki
Levin cuts through the media smoke screen on new anti-Trump FBI texts https : //t.co/C2KSzd41jE
RT @ CRTV : New ALLIE :
@ ConservMillen chats with @ TheAmyRobbins who says women should n't be # MeToo but instead should be # NotME

Watch the ne…
RT @ CRTV : While everyone is distracted , the GOP sells us out on issue after issue

https : //t.co/uiDJZ3hU57
Conservatives are about to get HOSED on spending , debt , and health care ...
again .
https : //t.co/9c6XsqTP3g
What FBI text messages ? https : //t.co/MaqaqZcsUz
Did Obama lie ? Do new texts indicate then-POTUS ’ knowledge of Hillary investigation ?
@ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/sQXO5DeyUM
Are progressives really smarter , as Jimmy Kimmel claims ?
? ? ?
https : //t.co/fDciynmRmI
The GOP ’ s disgraceful retreat on Obamacare https : //t.co/PYv5dF4l36
Shapiro : On the Super Bowl and the social fabric https : //t.co/SYmk3Fn9MA
& gt ; & gt ; @ michellemalkin Memo to Dan Rather : Shut up about memos https : //t.co/Cy0F7tjdZH
New reports show urgency of Mark Levin 's demand for answers from Obama https : //t.co/Atybdjf0wt
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Nancy Pelosi spends eight hours on the House Floor explaining the Democratic rationale for shutting down the government…
Conservatives are about to get HOSED on spending , debt , and health care https : //t.co/9c6XsqTP3g
RT @ michellemalkin : Whoa .
h/t @ WilliamAmos https : //t.co/YM6jypDHGj
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Today 's @ CRTV show featuring @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/xCo2HV5GRH
RT @ Robeno : @ CillizzaCNN There everyone goes cherrypicking again .

https : //t.co/EXAEpqVNBf https : //t.co/HMBTQ1zAKX
RT @ dbongino : Obama can not run from this scandal any longer . Don ’ t miss my podcast today for the troubling details .
Available now on iTunes…
RT @ CRTV : Watch @ michellemalkin ’ s expose on the the # freedanielholtzclaw case === & gt ;

https : //t.co/OTovO2Wmng https : //t.co/ZHFobJURaI
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : In statement to CRTV , @ DaveBratVA7th drops some serious snark on the Senate budget proposal :

“ The politics is bad . Th…
She ’ s probably some cultural writer who didn ’ t know it was a parody account .

“ Checks profile . ”

*CNN Senior Diplomatic Correspondent , State Department . * https : //t.co/bj0VHfhtoD
WTF MSM ! ? What FBI text messages ? https : //t.co/MaqaqZcsUz
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : . @ RepGosar to CRTV on whether he 'll support high-priced budget deal in the House : `` Hell no . ''
Did Obama lie ? New texts indicate then-POTUS ’ knowledge in Hillary investigation https : //t.co/sQXO5DeyUM
Are progressives really smarter , as Jimmy Kimmel claims ? https : //t.co/fDciynmRmI
RT @ DaveBratVA7th : Happy to report a perfect score on the Conservative review score card .
https : //t.co/9DabPXAj5A
Well , at least those on the LEFT aren ’ t over-reacting to this # MilitaryParade idea .

Broke : Trump = Hitler
Woke : Trump = Deng Xiaoping https : //t.co/aW9jnyA9H0
You know , @ MillerStream has a point — why must they ruin everything ? https : //t.co/QpizBfyPKo
Well that ’ s comforting .

# GOPDealsFutureAway https : //t.co/O20YPX4St6
@ JimToms5 It was a play on words regarding CR … continuing resolution … conservative review… .
@ Bmac0507 @ CRTV They are always soooooooo serious over there .
Don ’ t worry folks . Even if the Senate reaches and passes an actual budget agreement , this @ CR isn ’ t going ANYWHERE !
RT @ CRTV : Did you see the first episode of CRTV Tonight with @ Gavin_McInnes ?

If you did n't you missed him singing with @ TheNakedCowboy ... …
RT @ Robeno : Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs releases bombshell report on politicization of the FBI 's Clinton…
The GOP ’ s disgraceful retreat on Obamacare
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/PYv5dF4l36
# RespectTheScars

Fight hard sir ! https : //t.co/3FObsXzAcc
A good take from @ benshapiro — On the Super Bowl and the social fabric https : //t.co/SYmk3Fn9MA
HA ! @ MichelleMalkin has a memo for Dan Rather : Shut up about memos https : //t.co/Cy0F7tjdZH
Levin challenges the idea that Mueller is a 'straight shooter ' https : //t.co/R1hRyWIKrR
See previous @ NateMaddenCRTV tweet : https : //t.co/xaqJQdDyS9
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR
https : //t.co/i1i5HokS7O https : //t.co/4zUHE…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : On family leave call , @ SenMikeLee spox says his office is very aware of the danger of legislative mission creep that wo…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : RE : Defense spending Davidson says members discussed long-awaited ( and past-due ) Pentagon audit with Sec . Mattis last w…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Over the phone @ WarrenDavidson tells me that some fiscal hawks in House caucus `` had to be dragged kicking and screaming…
WTF MSM ! ? CNN is now the Comey News Network https : //t.co/ZLbtinfFnm
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW :
https : //t.co/vu7CDmFSzR

( Note : the CRTV APP does n't allow LIVE Streaming ... so you have to watch on https : //t.co/M0L…
Levin : Is Mueller really a ‘ straight shooter ’ ? https : //t.co/R1hRyWIKrR
RT @ CRTV : Y'all ready ?

7pm ET — only on CRTV === & gt ;
https : //t.co/shnLqYZ2Jc https : //t.co/fEOCPbLyhT
RT @ CRTV : The stock market , which has been smashing records left and right ever since Trump 's election , took a one-day-record plunge and th…
RT @ CRTV : Soon and very soon . 7pm ET tonight !

If you ca n't go see @ Scrowder in person , watch him LIVE on CRTV :
https : //t.co/03Ybs6mUyd
( So…
RT @ CRTV : Wolf Blitzer is the latest candidate for fakest news of the year ...

@ SteveDeaceShow and # FakeNewsorNot === & gt ;
https : //t.co/Ac1IT0B…
RT @ CRTV : NY has never found a product they don ’ t want to ban or regulate to death .

Newest target : Tide Pods , of course . https : //t.co/lLN…
RT @ SpaceX : T-60 seconds until launch of Falcon Heavy → https : //t.co/gtC39uBC7z
'The Dan Bongino Show ' leads the pack on the real Obamagate story https : //t.co/NWJcndo1v1
The important consequences being missed from the FBI scandal
The Conservative Conscience with @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/nMYUACxGZW
# Hillarygate : How the Clinton machine manufactured ‘ Trump-Russia ’ https : //t.co/OiG6M4Jt5W
RT @ dbongino : Our podcast is currently the number 2 conservative podcast in the country . I can ’ t thank you enough for your continued suppor…
RT @ yaf : Watch @ scrowder LIVE from Virginia Tech via @ CRTV at 7pm ET ! https : //t.co/bjNXsogrXH https : //t.co/DiWNYOiaPx
RT @ JordanSchachtel : # Hillarygate : How the Clinton machine manufactured ‘ Trump-Russia ’ https : //t.co/QkaQtkD3VG via @ JordanSchachtel
Dreams of Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson snuffed out by illegal alien
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/ngCJnLoNvS
Yikes , the ration on this tweet .

Don ’ t read the replies @ KatyTurNBC https : //t.co/3sln4Afwhq
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : Happy birthday , President Reagan ! https : //t.co/maoqCqMYo2
WATCH : Prime SJW Justin Trudeau scolds young woman : We say 'peoplekind , ' not 'mankind ' https : //t.co/r1K6kPCrD5
Levin : There 's 'no way Obama did n't know ' about his administration 's 'police state tactics ' https : //t.co/P2j6zK1BCG
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Congress is looking at its 5th stopgap measure in a row to avoid another shutdown . Want to know what 's in the House 's p…
RT @ CRTV : There ’ s always a tweet . https : //t.co/IKjOhCKiAa
The Federal Reserve is the opioid crisis of the stock market https : //t.co/In3y6dw5h4
What @ streiffredstate said :
https : //t.co/XwCDVwEzFm
So , @ JustinTrudeau says we should use `` peoplekind '' instead of `` mankind '' ? Does `` peoplekind '' include pink-haired otherkin , @ roamingmil ? Help !

https : //t.co/Rusd6CU7R2
Why you got ta mansplain , @ JustinTrudeau ?

https : //t.co/Rusd6CU7R2
RT @ CRTV : TONIGHT :
@ LevinTV is FREE — The Great One breaks down the Memo and what it means for America .

https : //t.co/2rX2TXKMzF https : //t…
You have to see this to believe it .
https : //t.co/r1K6kPCrD5
RT @ CRTV : Memo 101 : It 's a bigger deal than the Dems want you to think

White House Brief with @ MillerStream

Get the WHB newsletter === & gt ; …
: ( https : //t.co/GRuuKdKorA
RT @ CRTV : Careful , your `` kitchen cabinet '' might be racist ! @ MichelleMalkin joins @ NateMaddenCRTV and slams the Left 's secret handbook of…
RT @ CRTV : On today 's @ RoamingMil Uncensored , our heroine asks one important question :

Watch the all new episode , only at CRTV === & gt ;
https : /…
Dreams of Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson snuffed out by illegal alien https : //t.co/ngCJnLoNvS
White House flatly rejects amnesty deal proposed by John McCain https : //t.co/m1Q9O5ZnXE
WTF MSM ! ? Morning Joe ’ s RIDICULOUS attack on farmers like Devin Nunes https : //t.co/w73NdNVULT
‘ FAKE NEWS meets OBAMAGate ’ : Comey assistant leaves FBI for CNN https : //t.co/J70aUrpU0X
The real constitutional crisis from the FBI scandal https : //t.co/11hsjVR9Rc
3 troubling subplots from the Nunes memo https : //t.co/zAS8U1wo39
RT @ Robeno : From today 's WTF MSM ! ? newsletter . How to lie with headlines for fun and profit .

Read more and subscribe to receive in your in…
RT @ CRTV : New : Allie — @ ConservMillen : `` Bible Matters ''

Allie with some basic ideas about feminism in the Bible , and how Christianity views…
RT @ RMConservative : Conservatives badly want to restore the republic , so they go through the tedious process of getting 33 states for Artic…
Nunes claims House Intel Committee Democrats responsible for over '100 leaks ' https : //t.co/0MonmCADZB
Headlines are great , but the most interesting news is in the Footnotes .

Sign up for our free daily newsletter the gives you the details from the big stories , and the news you might have missed .

Sign up here :
https : //t.co/mdfCoGJrY6 https : //t.co/Dsem7FTRhr
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : McCain got repeatedly slammed by grassroots conservatives for never making a solid effort to follow through on his bord…
RT @ michellemalkin : Update : https : //t.co/whAdHcOt0y
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Today 's thought-provoking political insight is an op-ed from Frank Cannon @ approject . Trump 's never pretended to be a m…
RT @ Robeno : I think this is the real reason the Left is upset at that Dodge Ram commerical .

King : `` Heart full of grace ''

Onscreen : Pregna…
RT @ CRTV : Hey @ NFL , why did you allow that @ TMobile ad but not this one for the # SuperBowl ?

# PleaseStand for our anthem was all that @ AMVE…
RT @ CRTV : The @ NFL ca n't get their crap together . # SuperBowl

# PleaseStand for our anthem was all that @ AMVETSHQ wanted to say ... @ AMVETS…
Wow , we just assumed she was a REDSKINS fan . https : //t.co/YbMGhwxHZ9
RT @ CRTV : That @ TMobile ad ?

Thoughts ?

# SuperBowl
RT @ JJWatt : Medal of Honor recipients . True GOATs . https : //t.co/siq59GmboU
RT @ michellemalkin : Sanctuary cities : America 's safest spaces for outlaws == & gt ;
https : //t.co/7ZORVf3JcM
@ crtv # MMI
RT @ CRTV : Why is there a disconnect between FEDERAL and STATE & amp ; LOCAL law enforcement over enforcing federal immigration law ?

@ MichelleMal…
If the FISA memo were a football scandal https : //t.co/YkO4WkeAxw
Dear GOP strategists : Trump isn ’ t your problem https : //t.co/WOCXh7GLlN
Second Trump-Russia dossier was crafted by trusted Clinton operative https : //t.co/L6irSDh2LH
& gt ; & gt ; @ DBongino : Obamagate is the ‘ most consequential political scandal ’ in US history https : //t.co/4qjsR9za9z
LEVINdication : Mark Levin , the Nunes memo , and the Praetorian Guard media https : //t.co/2n9HcklnR6
The @ Dbongino Show : The # Memo Special Edition
https : //t.co/uleO2DNmKJ
Our unalienable rights — the first of which is LIFE
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/ShPV6c14hx
Everybody loves a winner .
via
@ tomborelli

https : //t.co/2JrtCTjRtb
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Will it be the @ Patriots or the @ Eagles ? There 's one thing I want Tom Brady to know ...

Use the code PHIL to sign up…
RT @ OANN : # RT @ GrahamLedger : Conservative Review 's Daniel Horowitz on Immigration Overhaul
https : //t.co/28KgLwbWiu
Tune In : @ MichelleMalkin on @ WattersWorld on @ FoxNews

Michelle has LOTS to talk about with @ JesseBWaters

For more Michelle , watch her on CRTV==== & gt ;
https : //t.co/rx4cZAquhZ
RT @ Robeno : What an elitist ass .

Hey Joe , know who considered himself a lowly farmer ?

George Washington
John Adams
Thomas Jefferson
James…
Second Trump-Russia dossier was crafted by trusted Clinton operative
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/L6irSDh2LH
The GOP retreat , indeed https : //t.co/PFjAOJuH44
He 's right you know .
@ dbongino : Obamagate is the ‘ most consequential political scandal ’ in US history https : //t.co/4qjsR9za9z
RT @ CRTV : Phil gives his # SuperBowl prediction !
Plus , check out what he wants Tom Brady of the @ Patriots to know .

Watch `` In the Woods w…
& gt ; & gt ; & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : Democratic leaders , why do you find patriotism divisive ? https : //t.co/DgEJcgQZRQ
Important : @ RepMarkMeadows explains why the Nunes memo matters to YOU https : //t.co/82acRGO0FR
Good news : The NAACP has totally vanquished racial injustice !
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/gJPAqvh3Fs
Here 's what 's important about the Nunes memo
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/F28wg7E69Y
If the FISA memo were a football scandal
via @ NateMaddenCRTV
https : //t.co/YkO4WkeAxw
Dear GOP strategists : Trump isn ’ t your problem
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/WOCXh7GLlN
WTF MSM ! ? The Memo has been released . Let the media meltdowns begin https : //t.co/lOlAajMsp1
LEVINdication : Mark @ LevinTV , the Nunes memo , and the Praetorian Guard media https : //t.co/2n9HcklnR6
RT @ michellemalkin : Nice to join @ foxandfriends weekend crew on the curvy couch 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Lqj5iQLu7R https : //t.co/ZKUIW7NN5r
RT @ CRTV : You seriously need to watch this ...
https : //t.co/27zeWAhcoI https : //t.co/JVd9dyyBuv
RT @ CRTV : CRTV Tonight with @ Gavin_McInnes— NOW AVAILABLE :
https : //t.co/NtdCYRmzi8
feat .
@ RoamingMil @ BillSchulz @ Chadwick_Moore @ jackmurph…
RT @ CRTV : 15 minutes .

https : //t.co/FpigH43WWH https : //t.co/rkWb5Yz87i
Right now we are both excited , and a little nervous . https : //t.co/XlDDGcakNh
RT @ CRTV : What are # SanctuaryCities and why do they exist in America ?

@ MichelleMalkin Investigates === & gt ;
https : //t.co/IJ2Jgs6Qdz https : //t.…
LEVINdication : Mark Levin , the Nunes memo , and the Praetorian Guard media https : //t.co/2n9HcklnR6
# Tolerance https : //t.co/4PbqOznvvz
RT @ CRTV : The @ Dbongino Show : The # Memo Special Edition
https : //t.co/hS0WiD6Lv8
The @ Dbongino Show : The # Memo Special Edition
https : //t.co/uleO2DNmKJ
RT @ DaviSusan : This is a very good point . https : //t.co/JDMUKQwtII
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Actually , this entire thread is a must-read if you care about the wholesale privacy implications of # MemoGate . https : //…
RT @ CRTV : What are you doing tonight at 9:30pm ET ?

If your answer is n't : `` Watching CRTV Tonight with @ Gavin_McInnes '' then you 're doing it…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Both Meadows and Jordan assert that having a special counsel as objective third party is the best way to move forward w…
RT @ RoamingMil : I am in this . You should watch . https : //t.co/5KMbiiZ0jo
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Everyone 's talking about # MemoDay , but it 's still an election year . Democrats are struggling to find a message so they'…
If the FISA memo were a football scandal https : //t.co/YkO4WkeAxw
Here 's what 's important about the Nunes memo https : //t.co/F28wg7E69Y
RT @ CRTV : Liberal Math :

2+3 = Impeach Trump https : //t.co/gvsqjqyuHl
? ? ? https : //t.co/WITcl9eqTO
It was all based on lies Tim .

Lies . Coverups . And more LIES .

Where were you at the time ? https : //t.co/nhhFOVe2RT
Is that bad ?

Here ’ s why all of this matters to YOU :
https : //t.co/82acRGO0FR https : //t.co/5PFzTIYAN8
While the # Memo likely serves as the final nail in the Clinton coffin , it should also be the mirror of truth that exposes the water carrying members of the MSM .
RT @ CRTV : 🔥🔥🔥 https : //t.co/rdtkQBwLLR
RT @ CRTV : ATTENTION :

@ Gavin_McInnes has something to say :
https : //t.co/G9pfnAtO1W
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : 🚨🚨🚨 FULL MEMO

https : //t.co/RXcHzOldFp
RT @ JordanSchachtel : We must remember that NONE of the consequential allegations in the Steele Dossier have been verified . Not a single thi…
Oh . https : //t.co/GHm1NzyNTW
Soon , we will know the truth .
@ dbongino : Obamagate is the ‘ most consequential political scandal ’ in US history https : //t.co/4qjsR9za9z
RT @ CRTV : BREAKING :

Details have *JUST* come out .
We have been given a MEMO and will # ReleaseTheShow

Tonight , 0930pm ET
@ Gavin_McInnes ho…
Per @ RepMarkMeadows : Here 's why the Nunes memo matters to YOU https : //t.co/82acRGO0FR
& gt ; & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : Democratic leaders , why do you find patriotism divisive ? https : //t.co/DgEJcgQZRQ
& gt ; & gt ; @ DBongino : Obamagate is the ‘ most consequential political scandal ’ in US history https : //t.co/4qjsR9za9z
RT @ MillerStream : Today 's # WHB newsletter : Sean Spicer says he regrets making a fool of himself ... and Trump skewers @ JohnKasich ( the delu…
RT @ CRTV : Tonight .
CRTV TONIGHT .
9:30 PM ET
Hosted by @ Gavin_McInnes

So watch CRTV TONIGHT , tonight .
Because today has n't had its tomorr…
A quick # FF to @ FrankelJeremy — the man is a Twitter machine .
@ TrumpWinner2020 @ CRTV @ JordanSchachtel Did you sign up yet ?

https : //t.co/WKfxeGoSx8
@ CRTV @ JordanSchachtel *The Dossier*
Want to get The Dossier everyday ?

Here ’ s how to get it :
https : //t.co/WKfxeGoSx8

via @ JordanSchachtel
TUNE IN : @ MichelleMalkin joins @ MorningsMaria on @ FoxBusiness shortly after 7:30

Want more ?

Watch Michelle on CRTV=== & gt ;
https : //t.co/QSz47OZ69b
? ? ?

😉 https : //t.co/oveyGG3rfq
These 2 anarchist judges show the problem with Trump ’ s amnesty offer https : //t.co/T5wOkEIRTI
Wow . https : //t.co/BnRfuQl8Jk
This is how North Korean defectors escape the grip of the Kim Jong Un regime https : //t.co/fNwCB9GHyg
Pentagon blocking watchdog from reporting truth about Afghanistan https : //t.co/x9ISH8YvYm
Second Trump-Russia dossier was crafted by trusted Clinton operative
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/L6irSDh2LH
Only two questions the MSM should care about regarding the Nunes memo https : //t.co/AnENaZOp4I
The GOP retreat , indeed
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/PFjAOJuH44
Dan Bongino : Obamagate is the ‘ most consequential political scandal ’ in US history https : //t.co/4qjsR9za9z
🔥🚨🔥 https : //t.co/PsJWsC0Qfg
The GOP retreat , indeed https : //t.co/PFjAOJuH44
WTF MSM ! ? Only two questions the MSM should care about regarding the Nunes memo https : //t.co/AnENaZOp4I
Second Trump-Russia dossier was crafted by trusted Clinton operative https : //t.co/L6irSDh2LH
Seriously .
It 's more than 24-hrs after the fact .
We know that there were fatalities .

This is unacceptable . https : //t.co/GRgyKOMKmg
RT @ CRTV : You ’ ll have to wait until tomorrow when we # ReleaseTheShow for the full rundown but …

Tomorrow
9:30 PM ET
@ Gavin_McInnes + [ clas…
RT @ CRTV : HOLD ON TIGHT : It ’ s All Going Down
@ Dbongio lays it all out for you
https : //t.co/BVmigxm5t2
RT @ Robeno : From todays WTF MSM ! ?

@ dbongino 's @ CRTV/ @ WestwoodOne podcast is on 🔥🔥

Read more and sign up to get it delivered to your inb…
Oh .

@ NancyPelosi call your office . https : //t.co/fxhIFSSe8V
VP Mike Pence CARPET-BOMBS 'moderate ' Joe Manchin 's liberal voting record https : //t.co/q3zofEEESo
Do the family and friends of the deceased call it the same thing ?

Stay classy @ StephenKing https : //t.co/hxk8kpRgbJ
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : == & gt ; https : //t.co/z9cQRUYYzt
RT @ CRTV : Did you catch the WILKOW ! premiere featuring @ WilkowMajority ?

You can watch it now , or any time — ONLY at CRTV === & gt ;
https : //t.co…
@ hypermoderate Ok , we dropped “ REPORT ” — from henceforth we will simply be :

Conservative Review
Wow , the Democrats are pulling out all the stops aren ’ t they ? https : //t.co/uoTihk488t
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : With so much going on with immigration and the FISA memo , some stuff like this can fall between the cracks .

Luckily , …
These 2 anarchist judges show the problem with Trump ’ s amnesty offer
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/T5wOkEIRTI
RT @ MillerStream : Just thought I should point out that @ CRTV 's # SOTU FB Live broadcast smashed CBS News , Vice News , Huffington Post & amp ; The…
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR https : //t.co/YBBk82H9CS https : //t.co/BZwMVk…
RT @ Robeno : The @ CRTV FB live of SOTU was the 8th most watched overall , and the top non traditional media conservative network stream .

Gl…
RT @ RMConservative : We literally have judges that are now saying DOJ “ can ’ t come into court to espouse a position that is heartless. ” Statu…
Wethinks the lad doth protests too much . https : //t.co/PBCSmRR5SF
RT @ gastonmooney : Great to see @ CRTV was one of the top feeds for # SOTU topping several other more established brands . Great things happeni…
LISTEN : @ RepDesantis on the # SOTU and policy innovation
Ep . 188 w/ @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/GzXHtwMrSs
RT @ conservmillen : Why are n't more black millennials conservative ? @ LawrenceBJones3 answers this & amp ; more in my 2nd @ CRTV episode . Tomorrow 7…
RT @ CRTV : NEW : @ RoamingMil — Are chastity belts making a comeback ?

Watch the all new Roaming Millennial Uncensored — only at CRTV === & gt ;
htt…
RT @ CRTV : IT ’ S HERE !

WILKOW ! on CRTV hosted by the great @ WilkowMajority !

Watch it now === & gt ;
https : //t.co/ULTIXUsz2A
The key to Trump ’ s SOTU success ? The day after
@ RMConservative
https : //t.co/0W2t9is4g1
Levin : Trump is shown 'unparalleled ' disrespect https : //t.co/LL2iWlDLzl
Levin : Dems presented Trump with a 'united front of hate ' at SOTU https : //t.co/ROGXwB43gB
Who thinks @ brhodes should become the foreign policy guru of some president in order to have 8 years to work to clos…

Oh wait , wow , this is awkward . Totally slipped our minds . https : //t.co/ufGOdIbeKx
RT @ CRTV : Yikes !
This is the most pathetic video @ SteveDeaceShow has ever seen

More insight and analysis from Deace , only at CRTV === & gt ;
htt…
Flashback : @ MarkLevinShow nailed it — AMERICAN children are dreamers too https : //t.co/6G4IA3fkL3
Senate Conservatives Fund @ SCF endorses @ JohnJamesMI for Senate in Michigan https : //t.co/tN73PGSZZ5
Oof !
Video : 'Moderate ' Sen. Joe Manchin is totally owned by his party https : //t.co/2FEybnzmwS
Pentagon blocking watchdog from reporting truth about Afghanistan
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/x9ISH8YvYm
You say Big League , we say BIGLY . https : //t.co/UZJmfd5bDX
WTF MSM ! ? The media ’ s UNHINGED response to the SOTU is SAD !
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/9kPG8Wy2fc
This is how North Korean defectors escape the grip of the Kim Jong Un regime
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/fNwCB9GHyg
RT @ JordanSchachtel : This is how North Korean defectors escape the grip of the Kim Jong Un regime https : //t.co/ZkuGkqFZTR
RT @ Robeno : From today 's WTF MSM ! ?

Read more -- - & gt ; https : //t.co/Vsjy7kV4L3 https : //t.co/c1Ln1RDarx
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : I 'll be going on @ WilkowMajority in a few minutes to give an update on today 's Amtrak train collision involving members…
RT @ CRTV : Democrats cry Wolff on Nikki Haley
Here 's the Deal w/ @ DeneenBorelli

Once again , the Left throws shade at conservative supersta…
Video : 'Moderate ' Sen. Joe Manchin is totally owned by his party https : //t.co/2FEybnzmwS
BREAKING : Train carrying GOP members of Congress involved in accident https : //t.co/dvw3kdnSaG
Well then . https : //t.co/tDgHzZnuhy
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : From @ RepAlexMooney 's facebook == & gt ; https : //t.co/wB8E9Eq21T
RT @ RepMarthaRoby : We are okay . Please pray for all involved in this accident . https : //t.co/Z2sCRaLw8x
RT @ CRTV : GOOD !

@ michellemalkin has been trying to expose this for years .

Watch here : https : //t.co/4DW4EAEb5G https : //t.co/9oXOHFbLOP
TODAY !

Sign up and use promo : WILKOW20 https : //t.co/bccJD32bDt
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Statement from @ Jim_Jordan 's office : `` yes we were on the train but the congressman is fine . ''
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : House GOP staffer : `` Apparently everyone is okay . ''
! ! ! ! https : //t.co/5P4rYR7GyR
RT @ CRTV : Last night , @ RealDonaldTrump talked about cracking down on illegal immigrants and # SanctuaryCities

WATCH the new @ MichelleMalkin…
Tom Brady wins the day : A lesson in manhood
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/Veq568ZhxN
RT @ CRTV : Church .
Family .
Police .
Military .

To LEFTISTS , like @ JoyAnnReid , these are archaic “ TROPES ” instead of American values and princ…
From @ michellemalkin : 'Dreamers ' and demons https : //t.co/z9YwMsmpQu
Check out the 'photo of the night ' from Trump 's State of the Union address https : //t.co/bqOEYRpt5r
The key to Trump ’ s SOTU success ? The day after
by : @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/0W2t9is4g1
Dems boo Trump on illegal immigration , quickly shut up when Trump honors victims of MS-13 violence https : //t.co/XDP8BGtRv6
Levin : Trump is shown 'unparalleled ' disrespect https : //t.co/LL2iWlDLzl
This is your Democrat party America .

Party over principle . 😖 https : //t.co/8YC9e8pBZV
RT @ CRTV : Was n't the # CRTVSOTU the most exciting # SOTU you have ever watched ?

You can totally watch it again , or skip to your favorite par…
# SOTU after dark :

https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD

# CRTVSOTU
If your are watching @ ComedyCentral instead of # CRTVSOTU … you are doing it wrong .

https : //t.co/q6rzApJ8Ob
While the MSM will selectively edit the # SOTU after-speech , # CRTVSOTU wont…

TUNE IN NOW : https : //t.co/q6rzApJ8Ob
“ Thank God for Twitter . ”
~ @ MillerStream

We can ’ t agree more .
WATCH # SOTU wrap-up LIVE :
https : //t.co/BK8PNTfv8b
LIVE NOW :
POST # SOTU analysis at CRTV

https : //t.co/q6rzApJ8Ob
# USA !

# CRTVSOTU # SOTU

https : //t.co/q6rzApJ8Ob
Get ready for POST # SOTU analysis at # CRTVSOTU :

https : //t.co/q6rzApJ8Ob
or
CRTV on YouTube or Twitter
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Finally , we are joined by one more witness to the ominous nature of this regime . His name is Mr. Ji Seong-ho . '' # SOTU https…
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Otto 's wonderful parents , Fred and Cindy Warmbier , are with us tonight—along with Otto 's brother and sister , Austin and Gr…
RT @ LoConservative : Remember Otto Warmbier .
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : `` North Korea 's reckless pursuit of nuclear missiles could very soon threaten our homeland . We are waging a campaign of…
# SorryNotSorry ISIS
@ EdwardThomasII1 @ WilkowMajority @ SiriusXMPatriot Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
RT @ CRTV : Now .

Watch .

https : //t.co/LW8uToH5KT https : //t.co/eaDuPNSJpn
RT @ CRTV : https : //t.co/LW8uToH5KT

# CRTVSOTU
RT @ LeoOfMars : # CRTVSOTU https : //t.co/9SrL7UtTZw
RT @ RepDennisRoss : They don ’ t call him the Secretary of Offense for nothing . https : //t.co/jaAnQIJSA3
RT @ WhiteHouse : Meet Officer Ryan Holets and his family : https : //t.co/nT5Y9ywiwb # SOTU https : //t.co/GSgGB0fABv
RT @ CRTV : Who ’ s watching # SOTU via # CRTVSOTU on https : //t.co/LW8uToH5KT or here on Twitter/Periscope ?
@ tincup33 @ CRTV @ mkibbe Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
Did he just say we are building new WATERWAYS ? ! ? ! ! ?
😎 https : //t.co/3LkAI37uSM
RT @ CRTV : # RighttoTry mentioned by POTUS

@ mkibbe should be happy .
😂🤣😜 https : //t.co/R00Uuyh2e2
RT @ CRTV : Are you watching # SOTU on :

https : //t.co/9pQkQBU5UB ? ?
@ Ruth45536755 @ CRTV @ dbongino @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ RavnStrike @ CRTV Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ DaveTigs @ CRTV @ WilkowMajority @ michellemalkin Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ mdb0576 @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ dbongino @ deneenborelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ BrittMcHenry @ Gavin_McInnes @ conservmillen Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ 2001MUgrad @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ dbongino @ deneenborelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ BrittMcHenry @ Gavin_McInnes @ conservmillen Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ 2001MUgrad @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ percocetopenia @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ dbongino @ deneenborelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ BrittMcHenry @ Gavin_McInnes @ conservmillen Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ Tomskoog @ SiddonsDan @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ dbongino @ deneenborelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ BrittMcHenry @ Gavin_McInnes @ conservmillen Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ dsorbglasses @ CRTV Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ j_doyer @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ mdb0576 @ jammietoe @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ ChrisatCJH_CPA @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ dbongino @ deneenborelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ BrittMcHenry @ Gavin_McInnes @ conservmillen Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ RZoccola @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ dbongino @ deneenborelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ BrittMcHenry @ Gavin_McInnes @ conservmillen Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
@ OccupyBawlStree @ CRTV Live support is coming to the app soon .

You can watch via :
https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD
or
via YouTube on devices by going to the CRTV channel
STAHP https : //t.co/rW6GxEZFKM
RT @ CRTV : Rising wages .

Unemployment at a 45-year low .

African-American unemployment at its lowest level “ ever recorded . ”

# CRTVSOTU
Thank You . https : //t.co/qAU0025alh
@ okievetusn @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ dbongino The @ CR tweet is better .
RT @ CRTV : You can watch the entire speech via :

https : //t.co/LW8uToH5KT

Also if you watch via apps , use the YouTube app on your tv , search…
Here … we … go …

Watch : https : //t.co/B3TzpYySjD and follow us here ...
RT @ Dj3uh8HnWcyMDU4 : I 'm watching the # CRTVSOTU tonight with @ michellemalkin , @ wilkowmajority , and more ! Join me on https : //t.co/pqskjIRAB0 .
You need to be listening to the @ dbongino podcast :
https : //t.co/R3wdSn2Sto
¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/LgOXr18rYc
RT @ CRTV : Lots of ways to watch # CRTVSOTU AND @ realDonaldTrump ’ s # SOTU speech ( Dont give the MSM the ratings ) :
Here on Twitter/Periscope
Yo…
RT @ MillerStream : Guys , @ CRTV # StateofTheUnion coverage is live NOW . Watch it for free and stick around afterward for best analysis in the…
RT @ CRTV : Why arent you watching :

https : //t.co/LW8uToH5KT ?
RT @ RMConservative : Very proud of our panel on @ CRTV highlighting the forgotten men and women of this country amidst the obsessive lawlessn…
Watch at :
https : //t.co/q6rzApJ8Ob https : //t.co/R3v880tgVx
RT @ dianagomez110 : I 'm watching the # CRTVSOTU tonight with @ michellemalkin , @ wilkowmajority , and more ! Join me on https : //t.co/wFhUKH3Vhe .
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : https : //t.co/0n6WSA8w0d
RT @ CRTV : LIVE NOW : @ MichelleMalkin , @ WilkowMajority & amp ; our rock star panel bring you the State of the Union . # SOTU # CRTVSOTU https : //t.co/d…
@ johnjharvey1013 @ deneenborelli @ CRTV @ michellemalkin @ WilkowMajority @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump yes
RT @ WilkowMajority : Ready to go for # CRTVSOTU with @ michellemalkin . Yes that ’ s @ dbongino in the background https : //t.co/GmFJe2kPP9
RT @ michellemalkin : Ready to go live on CRTV ! Tune in to https : //t.co/QWuH57t7Qu /sotu https : //t.co/6w08i1JXoI https : //t.co/dBox6w9K2m
RT @ CRTV : Q :
19:45:00
https : //t.co/pgxcZdUXgW
# CRTVSOTU
@ MichelleMalkin @ WilkowMajority @ DBongino @ DeneenBorelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ BrittMche…
# TweetsoftheUnion https : //t.co/96JHeECVRS
RT @ MikeEmanuelFox : White House confirms tonight ’ s designated survivor is @ USDA Sec Sonny Perdue . # StateOfTheUnion
RT @ Linycarolejean : I 'm listening to Renegade Republican with Dan Bongino on @ TuneIn . # NowPlaying . Truth is short coming today BUT Dan is…
Obama admin surveillance abuses memo could go public shortly after State of the Union https : //t.co/5iVhCwGYZv
WE HAVE A WINNER ! https : //t.co/ylPwQiVbTt
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : CRTV : Chick-fil-A https : //t.co/jQYBF5GnzS
RT @ SiddonsDan : TONIGHT !
TONIGHT !
TONIGHT !
# CRTVSOTU
LIVE*LIVE*LIVE

Hosted by :
@ MichelleMalkin @ WilkowMajority

Feat .
@ DBongino
@ DeneenBo…
RT @ CRTV : Soon .

We know the # SOTU is often an over-hyped bore , but not this year !

Watch the # CRTVSOTU with @ michellemalkin @ wilkowmajorit…
MSNBC .
This was MSNBC .

It really is hard keeping all the lying networks straight . https : //t.co/mAXLOIb4TA
MSNBC 'analyst ' asks a U.S . Senator if Devin Nunes is a 'Russian agent ' https : //t.co/Uyw3oX2IVX
What 's more probable ?
Rep. Nunes is a Russian agent ?
or
@ realDonaldTrump is # QAnon ?
CNN is a disgrace .
Time to just # ReleaseTheMemo

https : //t.co/Uyw3oX2IVX
Honestly this kind of makes things worse… . https : //t.co/HeZQonkMOx
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Do not miss our @ CRTV # SOTU coverage tonight

https : //t.co/7EBKfypHUZ
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : This is INSANE . https : //t.co/gxi3BCCkEb
RT @ WilkowMajority : Do n't miss tonight 's SOTU special on CRTV starting at 7:45pm ET .
Here 's the link to watch free : https : //t.co/exufXQXGSo…
RT @ CRTV : Democracy dies in an echo chamber .

… echo chamber . https : //t.co/FjvODOSpnA
RT @ CRTV : It was @ JudicialWatch who exposed now former FBI Deputy Dir . Andrew McCabe 's reindeer games .

Now , that is a # BulldogAward well…
6 reasons why the Senate vote on abortion was a sham
Here 's looking at you @ SenatorCollins @ lisamurkowski
https : //t.co/YRbdPrUQGR
2018 update : Senate Conservatives Fund @ SCF endorses @ JohnJamesMI for Senate in Michigan https : //t.co/tN73PGSZZ5
What do you want to hear @ realDonaldTrump say tonight ?

# CRTVSoTU

https : //t.co/PkUGBfxTgx https : //t.co/dyLmvm6QBC
@ CRTV That ’ s hurtful .
Awesome !

# CRTVSOTU https : //t.co/X58oqjqTFe
RT @ CRTV : Tonight .
# CRTVSOTU

Hosted by : @ MichelleMalkin @ AndrewWilkow // feat . @ Dbongino @ Gavin_McInnes @ DeneenBorelli @ SteveDeaceShow @ Br…
The list :
@ lisamurkowski
@ SenatorCollins

https : //t.co/96C54uDvfN
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : == & gt ; https : //t.co/yc9Yzg5ZM2
RT @ CRTV : TONIGHT !
TONIGHT !
TONIGHT !
# CRTVSOTU
LIVE*LIVE*LIVE

Hosted by :
@ MichelleMalkin @ WilkowMajority

Feat .
@ DBongino
@ DeneenBorelli…
Is Michigan a state where a conservative could actually FLIP a seat in 2018 ?

Stabenow has an ABYSMAL record :
https : //t.co/W111pnRE7n https : //t.co/xv7pbNFLRL
Levin : If the dossier was used , McCabe likely 'would have approved it ' https : //t.co/ZX8VKzNWRS
She has a point . https : //t.co/B4EZ4vr9po
RT @ CRTV : If you 're having a bad day , just remember that neither of these people is the President of the United States .

Watch more of the…
RT @ CRTV : FINALLY !
The @ RoamingMil on CRTV

Catch the PREMIERE only at CRTV === & gt ;
https : //t.co/o7PfPUn2eE

It 's also your last chance to us…
2 liberal Republicans voted to halt a ban on abortions after the baby can feel pain https : //t.co/96C54uDvfN via @ ChrisCPandolfo
RT @ CRTV : If you 're having a bad day , just remember that neither of these people is the President of the United States .

Watch more of the…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : And now for some # MondayMotivation , here 's a friendly reminder neither of these two people are POTUS . https : //t.co/uVvD…
Where are the # MeToo faux-feminists on this one ?
Why are n't they making this a big issue ?
Is it that they do n't care ?
Are they ignorant ?
Or is it something more onerous ?

https : //t.co/MIM5HJVZ0M
RT @ CRTV : Recent college graduate ?
Come work with us .

https : //t.co/b2hGKNgCFQ
WTF MSM ! ? Setting the anti-Nunes memo narrative in full swing
via @ RobEno
https : //t.co/yYqmzkZY8b
Out or forced out ? FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe taking 'terminal leave ' https : //t.co/R3SEtyudo3
Why a conservative Republican invited left-leaning Bill Nye to the State of the Union https : //t.co/hjWAQYkDRm
🙄 https : //t.co/UGn9HqdnLk
RT @ CRTV : Here she is folks !
Allie Stuckey aka @ Conservmillen on CRTV

Watch now=== & gt ;
https : //t.co/thyl4SmNiu

Be sure to use promo ALLIE20…
RT @ conservmillen : Here it is , people ! Full video : https : //t.co/jt2Smv2qxa ( promo code allie20 ) https : //t.co/4JhDezgavK
YES !
@ SenMikeLee : We should be 'rushing ' to ban abortion at 20 weeks https : //t.co/9BGPHTRqWj
Exactly . https : //t.co/JS8eV3zVNB
These brave Iranian women are protesting the compulsory hijab
via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/MIM5HJVZ0M
Official LAUNCH of @ conservmillen at CRTV ! ! ! ! ! https : //t.co/FV8rHZIYBE
RT @ Robeno : This aged well 👇👇👇👇👇 https : //t.co/4BZbptahlC
More “ Oh ” https : //t.co/iSISLv4FFa
Oh . https : //t.co/rWlzDKkY1T
RT @ PoliticalShort : There 's no way in hell Barack Obama did n't know about the disturbing behavior of the FBI . h/t @ CRTV https : //t.co/U89zEd…
RT @ RMConservative : I list the top 30 countries of origin for immigrants and you will see that with few exceptions , most have higher welfar…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Wow . Another GOP committee chair is hanging it up . https : //t.co/SS62MzrWcU
The important FACTS completely missing from the immigration debate https : //t.co/1wKDO9pw6v
As Pope Saint John Paul II described it : # TheCultureofDeath https : //t.co/IJMgOv9dI8
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : In addition to # SOTU and the immigration fight , the CHB team will be tracking the vote on the 20-week abortion bill in…
10 ways the XFL can make pro football great again
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/Dq8oR53HOK
RT @ CRTV : The Swamp is Panicking
via The @ DBongino Show
https : //t.co/haS8053692
The # GRAMMYs just collectively cheered Hillary .

That ’ s all you need to know .
: )

# BeCarefulForWhatYouWish https : //t.co/OcyRJtFCNu
RT @ MillerStream : Are the Irishmen of @ U2 really trying to lecture the American people about the American Dream right now in a “ DREAMers ” t…
Did the # GRAMMYs just preach to us about American policy with a performance by a foreign band ?

¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯
Bananas and Apples or something . https : //t.co/VRfVVIa8m0
Pretty much . https : //t.co/9ZGkUdILn1
RT @ conservmillen : Tomorrow ! ! ! ! [ https : //t.co/jt2Smv2qxa discount code ALLIE20 ] Here 's what to expect : https : //t.co/9ZgMHd7v7Z
RT @ emzanotti : Buzzfeed 's Twitter tonight is what would happen if my mom was briefly exposed to the Internet . https : //t.co/PfqtCVcZIF
RT @ CRTV : THIS MONDAY !
@ RoamingMil Uncensored launches on CRTV !

Sign up now and get $ 20 off using promo ROAMING20 === & gt ;
https : //t.co/e3UxiV…
RT @ CRTV : TOMORROW !
@ conservmillen — Allie Stuckey
on CRTV

Sign up now to get a subscription ; use promo ALLIE20 and get $ 20 off your subs…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ Joy_Villa turns heads with pro-life outfit at the # Grammys . https : //t.co/fSm1AU3agf https : //t.co/lo4m4w9y6h
Art of the Deal ? No way ! @ marklevinshow and @ RMConservative expose Trump 's 'huge ' amnesty error https : //t.co/XPB9CjHzWi
== & gt ; @ freedomcaucus co-founder @ Jim_Jordan tells @ NateMaddenCRTV : `` There had better be '' a push for a stronger immigration bill . Read more from the interview :

https : //t.co/CmgGt7uVX9
Levin crushes Nancy Pelosi : 'She should be expelled from the House ' for her race-baiting statement https : //t.co/MjNaUrODFt
`` Folks , after Donald Trump became the presumptive GOP nominee , Strzok then edited Comey ’ s draft statement to clear Hillary Clinton of any wrongdoing nearly on the same day he said it was time to end the Clinton investigation . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/2nTb4XM4NA
Republicans will be fine in the midterms because Democrats are freaking nuts https : //t.co/WetIHSLRUq
Mark Levin : 'There 's no way in hell Barack Obama did n't know ' about disturbing behavior of FBI https : //t.co/7n0xQ2DAbK
! ! !
Obama-Farrakhan photo hidden by 'journalist ' for years https : //t.co/oUIbb2nWJ4
Trump offers amnesty and STILL gets called a racist . Enough of this crap https : //t.co/cS5aUsi2Hv
Our unalienable rights — the first of which is LIFE
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/ShPV6c14hx
Everybody loves a winner .
@ tomborelli

https : //t.co/2JrtCTjRtb
== & gt ; @ freedomcaucus co-founder @ Jim_Jordan to @ NateMaddenCRTV : `` There had better be '' a push for a stronger immigration bill . Read more from the interview :

https : //t.co/CmgGt7uVX9
Want to work for CRTV ?

We are looking for recent college graduates to become CRTV FELLOWS to help us with social media and digital marketing .

Here 's the link :
https : //t.co/J3hGz56AJO
Antifa General ? Keith Ellison pondering Minnesota AG run https : //t.co/hlAqDWR2XJ
Make tax cuts , NOT amnesty , permanent
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/W3zdHvs5UZ
A tale of two schools
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/yBEMOd28Qj
Whoa : @ SenMikeLee-endorsed Senate candidate : @ NickForVA delivers masterful pro-life speech https : //t.co/V0YwRc3eKZ
! ! !
Obama-Farrakhan photo hidden by 'journalist ' for years https : //t.co/oUIbb2nWJ4
House conservatives balk at Trump amnesty plan https : //t.co/Gh2qJ28KEs
== & gt ; `` There had better be '' a push for a stronger immigration bill , @ freedomcaucus co-founder @ Jim_Jordan tells @ NateMaddenCRTV .

https : //t.co/CmgGt7uVX9
Everybody loves a winner .
via
@ tomborelli

https : //t.co/2JrtCTjRtb
RT @ CRTV : When @ CNN officially crosses over into self parody : https : //t.co/Lj9rdmHT6G
From @ DavidLimbaugh : Hollywood 's secular clerics https : //t.co/oGhgzHLc51
Our unalienable rights — the first of which is LIFE
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/ShPV6c14hx
Trump offers amnesty and STILL gets called a racist . Enough of this crap https : //t.co/cS5aUsi2Hv
Why Trump ’ s amnesty is bad policy , bad politics , and bad strategy
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/JJauykbmtj
Levin crushes Nancy Pelosi : 'She should be expelled from the House ' for her race-baiting statement https : //t.co/MjNaUrODFt
Conservatoons : Schumer shills for amnesty https : //t.co/FjTbWWkBBy
== & gt ; `` There had better be '' a push for a stronger immigration bill , @ freedomcaucus co-founder @ Jim_Jordan tells @ NateMaddenCRTV . More from the interview here :

https : //t.co/CmgGt7uVX9
== & gt ; @ freedomcaucus co-founder @ Jim_Jordan to @ NateMaddenCRTV : `` There had better be '' a push for a stronger immigration bill . Read more from the interview :

https : //t.co/CmgGt7uVX9
RT @ JenKuznicki : My latest at @ CR —- Our unalienable rights - the first of which is LIFE https : //t.co/F61xoWYGw3
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR https : //t.co/ucQUNRqxTC https : //t.co/TH0hlC…
RT @ CRTV : Why is NBC reporter Lester Holt falling for North Korean propaganda ?
Covering up for a dictatorship that allows its people to st…
Want to work for CRTV ?

We are looking for recent college graduates to become CRTV FELLOWS to help us with social media and digital marketing .

Here 's the link :
https : //t.co/J3hGz56AJO
== & gt ; @ freedomcaucus co-founder @ Jim_Jordan tells @ NateMaddenCRTV : `` There had better be '' a push for a stronger immigration bill . Read more from the interview :

https : //t.co/CmgGt7uVX9
Antifa General ? Keith Ellison pondering Minnesota AG run https : //t.co/hlAqDWR2XJ
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Friday 's @ CRTV show -- our roundtable breaking down the week that was .

https : //t.co/3Fb8yrnnHW
Make tax cuts , NOT amnesty , permanent
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/W3zdHvs5UZ
A tale of two schools
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/yBEMOd28Qj
This is what happens when words lose their meaning .

Virtue signaling becomes truth ,
faux-outrage becomes acceptable ,
and there are no limits to progressive policy . https : //t.co/TIYeeth6rv
Whoa : @ SenMikeLee-endorsed Senate candidate : @ NickForVA delivers masterful pro-life speech https : //t.co/V0YwRc3eKZ
! ! !
Obama-Farrakhan photo hidden by 'journalist ' for years https : //t.co/oUIbb2nWJ4
RT @ CRTV : Want to work for CRTV ?

Good , because our digital media team needs help ! ( They still poke us on Facebook 😡 )
We are looking for r…
RT @ CRTV : Win a trip to go hunting with @ DuckCommanderPR , get a home-cooked meal from Miss Kay , and be on an episode of In the Woods with P…
RT @ CRTV : We actually owe journalists and the courts a helmet sticker on this one issue says @ SteveDeaceShow .

Watch full episodes at CRTV…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : House conservatives balk at Trump amnesty plan https : //t.co/HFcwZ7oc5q
RT @ RMConservative : If you 're sick of platitudes on immigration you 'll like our latest podcast https : //t.co/5C5yIsnZrv
RT @ RMConservative : 87 % of illegal alien households are on welfare not including refundable credits . There is no way someone can look us in…
RT @ Robeno : Of course it was ..

Today 's WTF MSM ! ? newsletter . Sign up at the link below .

https : //t.co/EDZouDkNR0
House conservatives balk at Trump amnesty plan https : //t.co/Gh2qJ28KEs
Everybody loves a winner .
via
@ tomborelli

https : //t.co/2JrtCTjRtb
RT @ justinamash : Thank you to @ SenMikeLee @ RandPaul @ RepAndyBiggsAZ @ RepGosar @ RepThomasMassie & amp ; @ RepAlexMooney—the only conservatives in C…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Today on Capitol Hill , while immigration hawks feel betrayed over the White House 's amnesty proposal , the open borders…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : On WH amnesty proposal @ RepGosar tells CRTV : “ I don ’ t support amnesty of any kind , and that ’ s exactly what this is . The…
From @ DavidLimbaugh : Hollywood 's secular clerics https : //t.co/oGhgzI2NtB
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Statement from @ RepDaveBrat on White House amnesty proposal : `` it does not capture the promises that President Trump mad…
Our unalienable rights — the first of which is LIFE
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/ShPV6c14hx
Trump offers amnesty and STILL gets called a racist . Enough of this crap https : //t.co/cS5aUsi2Hv
RT @ CRTV : The Most Interesting Liberty Republican You 've Never Heard Of : @ NickForVA

When @ MKibbe compares a politician to @ SenMikeLee , who…
Art of the Deal ? No way ! @ marklevinshow and @ RMConservative expose Trump 's 'huge ' amnesty error https : //t.co/XPB9CjHzWi
WTF MSM ! ? # ReleaseTheMemo is as American as apple pie https : //t.co/LOA9gkpKM5
Afghanistan and other follies are the key to the entire budget debate https : //t.co/BkjEyMo6hy
`` Tell them to go to hell . ''

https : //t.co/cS5aUsi2Hv
Why are we still shedding our soldiers ' blood for pedophiles ? https : //t.co/voqP0ucbdg
Mark Meadows makes MASSIVE revelation about Peter Strzok https : //t.co/2nTb4XM4NA
John Kerry throws in with Islamist radicals , tells Palestinians to # ResistTrump https : //t.co/ff6cNe4PLV
RT @ CRTV : Win a trip to go hunting with @ DuckCommanderPR , get a home-cooked meal from Miss Kay , and be on an episode of In the Woods with P…
Art of the Deal ? No way ! Mark Levin and Daniel Horowitz expose Trump 's 'huge ' amnesty error https : //t.co/XPB9CjHzWi
Thread https : //t.co/lvWhzzCAAw
Republicans will be fine in the midterms because Democrats are freaking nuts https : //t.co/WetIHSLRUq
RT @ dbongino : I ’ ll be a guest on the @ seanhannity show tonight on Fox . Expect another fiery debate . Don ’ t miss it .
Oh . https : //t.co/pNXbKDRTpb
FREE @ LevinTV : 'There 's no way in hell Barack Obama did n't know ' about disturbing behavior of FBI https : //t.co/7n0xQ2DAbK
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : SCOOP : GOP Delegate Nick Freitas to pick up endorsement from @ SenMikeLee in Virginia senate race .
Trump says Palestinian aid is 'on the table '
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/ilciHV6NPI
Will Trump get trumped by the amnesty agenda ?
@ RMConservative gives his answer to that question .
https : //t.co/JHhYFOnfTl
WTF MSM ! ? # ReleaseTheMemo is as American as apple pie
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/LOA9gkpKM5
RT @ CRTV : LIVE RIGHT NOW : @ DeneenBorelli

Watch : https : //t.co/0s8RKYdGhC https : //t.co/ADNRQrSANN
RT @ CRTV : # UnsungHeroes : @ deneenborelli knows America is exceptional , because its people are exceptional .
People like Martha Boneta , a sma…
Trump says Palestinian aid is 'on the table ' https : //t.co/ilciHV6NPI
Mark Levin : 'There 's no way in hell Barack Obama did n't know ' about disturbing behavior of FBI https : //t.co/7n0xQ2DAbK
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : A real woman of the people . https : //t.co/jNkqoYr8NE
Levin : 'There is cronyism and corruption at the senior levels of the FBI like I 've never seen before ' https : //t.co/GSNEDklyg3 https : //t.co/FvST9xTglJ
How is Afghanistan key to the entire budget debate ?

@ RMConservative explains

https : //t.co/BkjEyMo6hy
`` Folks , after Donald Trump became the presumptive GOP nominee , Strzok then edited Comey ’ s draft statement to clear Hillary Clinton of any wrongdoing nearly on the same day he said it was time to end the Clinton investigation . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/2nTb4XM4NA
Levin : Mueller probe has become a ‘ silent coup ’ against POTUS

via @ NateMaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/dL708Mkr7e
`` Is it too much to ask that we don ’ t fund homosexual pedophilia among the ranks of a phantom army that has been backstabbing our troops for 15 years ? '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/BkjEyMo6hy
RT @ WilkowMajority : Want to go hunting with Phil Robertson ?

https : //t.co/VHY6jy04Ho @ CRTV
. @ RMConservative : Why are we still shedding our soldiers ' blood for pedophiles ?

https : //t.co/voqP0ucbdg
Can @ conanobrien handle the truth about Haiti ?

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/IbLN2d7lNI
Of course ...

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/ff6cNe4PLV
. @ marklevinshow : `` There is cronyism and corruption at the senior levels of the FBI like I 've never seen before ''

https : //t.co/GSNEDklyg3
`` Following the Justice Department ’ s admission to lawmakers Friday that five months of text messages between FBI official Peter Strzok and lawyer Lisa Page are missing , Johnson said Congress will investigate the FBI . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/YY1MJGpg79
Should @ thedemocrats be nervous about a good @ realdonaldtrump economy ?

via @ deneenborelli

https : //t.co/iTtALWJos6
`` Haiti is not the paradise progressive elites like @ conanobrien are selling you , because they ’ re allowing their hatred for Trump and his supposed “ s***hole ” commentary to cause them to harden their hearts to real human suffering . '' - @ stevedeaceshow

https : //t.co/2CLA1HNuXm
RT @ CRTV : Election “ insurance policies , ” a “ secret society ” of government agents ... sounds like a cheap spy novel . EXCEPT IT 'S REALITY .

S…
`` Notice a pattern ? The president always wins government shutdowns . Congress never does . '' - @ benshapiro

https : //t.co/R0IRgKGYrF
`` The temptation to exploit the most marginal cases of alleged child abuse by home-schoolers has proven irresistible to statist politicians and government apologists . '' - @ michellemalkin

https : //t.co/tJAUeRN3qM
Typical ...

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/ff6cNe4PLV
Piecing it all together ...

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/2nTb4XM4NA
When compared to the facts @ conanobrien 's propaganda does n't stand a chance .

via @ stevedeaceshow

https : //t.co/2CLA1HNuXm
`` Isn ’ t it time Congress investigated what our military brass are covering up in order to continue the Afghan racket and endanger the lives of our soldiers for nothing ? '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/voqP0ucbdg
`` Deace has been to Haiti on a mission trip and shares his experience with the poor and downtrodden , versus the rosy picture Conan tries to paint . Deace absolutely destroys the 'elitist ' propaganda . '' - @ robeno

https : //t.co/IbLN2d7lNI
`` Folks , after Donald Trump became the presumptive GOP nominee , Strzok then edited Comey ’ s draft statement to clear Hillary Clinton of any wrongdoing nearly on the same day he said it was time to end the Clinton investigation . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/2nTb4XM4NA
Are investigations into the investigators imminent ?

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/YY1MJGpg79
`` Several foreign media outlets are reporting that Kerry is quietly advising Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on how to thwart President Trump ’ s initiatives in the Middle East . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/ff6cNe4PLV
And the polling says ...

via @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/jqTgtw4txy
A `` silent coup ''

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/dL708Mkr7e
Will @ SenateMajLdr step up and become a statesman ?

via @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/h5F2jt0lyZ
RT @ dbongino : New , critical developments in the # Obamagate spying scandal on my podcast today .
Available on iTunes : https : //t.co/jFilTH12SQ…
Addicted to government ?

via @ benshapiro

https : //t.co/tJAUeRN3qM
Home schooling is NOT a crime

via @ MichelleMalkin

https : //t.co/tJAUeRN3qM
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : `` This is an issue that gets at the very fabric of who we are as a nation . The American people deserve nothing less than…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Statement from @ RepMarkMeadows on FBI text investigation :

“ If any officials at the FBI , particularly high level offic…
RT @ CRTV : . @ deneenborelli knows America is exceptional , because its people are exceptional . People like Martha Boneta , a small-town farmer…
. @ SteveDeaceShow has some hard truths for @ ConanOBrien about the real Haiti

https : //t.co/2CLA1HNuXm
“ You can see the impunity with which they ’ re acting here , ” Johnson said . “ Because they ’ re the FBI , nobody is ever going to investigate them . Well , sorry , we are going to start investigating them . ”

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/YY1MJGpg79
. @ deneenborelli : Shutdown was a ‘ grand distraction ’ from the racing economy

https : //t.co/iTtALWJos6
. @ benshapiro : What the latest stupid government shutdown means

https : //t.co/R0IRgKGYrF
Levin : Mueller probe has become a 'silent coup ' against @ realDonaldTrump

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/dL708Mkr7e
. @ MichelleMalkin : Home schooling is not a crime

https : //t.co/tJAUeRN3qM
RT @ CRTV : Government monitoring is most egregious in a place you 'd probably never expect it ... America 's fishing boats .

Watch this full e…
This quote above is from Jordan Schachtel not Chris @ ChrisCPandolfo
Sorry @ JordanSchachtel
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Today 's Capitol Hill insight comes from @ RMConservative .

Get your daily dose of legislative news and analysis in your…
`` @ ConanOBrien should be ashamed of himself . '' - @ stevedeaceshow

https : //t.co/2CLA1HNuXm
`` Levin explained that although the Trump-Russia narrative is collapsing , the Left is not at all concerned with the facts of the matter , only the end game that leads to President Trump ’ s dismissal from office . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/dL708Mkr7e https : //t.co/Utg6vqVVOX
RT @ CRTV : Ep . 639 Are The Text Messages Really Missing ? https : //t.co/EROBLiwyfc https : //t.co/h4iEyIewOC
RT @ CRTV : We are under ONE WEEK until @ conservmillen , Allie Stuckey , goes live on CRTV .

Sign up now with code ALLIE20 to get 20 bucks off…
`` But if Americans have been so conditioned to panic regarding such shutdowns that 69 hours — 48 of them over a weekend — drive us to fever pitch , we have much bigger problems than a few lost work hours . '' - @ BenShapiro

https : //t.co/R0IRgKGYrF
`` Fundamentally , the home-school crackdown caucus views the very freedom to educate one ’ s own children as a threat to government authority . '' - @ michellemalkin

https : //t.co/tJAUeRN3qM
It was over before it started ...

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/JOXlgYZSVJ
Very interesting ...

via @ RMconservative

https : //t.co/jqTgtw4txy
Mueller probe has become a ‘ silent coup ’ against POTUS - @ MarkLevinShow

https : //t.co/dL708Mkr7e
`` He [ @ SenateMajLdr ] should start by becoming a warrior for his party ’ s platform and the president ’ s agenda , the same way Chuck Schumer is for his party . '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/h5F2jt0lyZ
Will the real Chuck Schumer please stand up ?

via @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/J2BmtNWn1v
An interesting coincidence ...

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/gGk09pYZRE
. @ MeghanMcCain schooled Ana Navarro on `` The View ''

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/JOXlgYZSVJ
This poll does n't fit the left-wing narrative on immigration

via @ RMconservative

https : //t.co/jqTgtw4txy
Take a listen to the latest episode of `` The Conservative Conscience with @ RMconservative '' podcast .

https : //t.co/1y9SvzPzlj
A `` backfire '' of EPIC proportions .

via @ chriscpandolfo

https : //t.co/Dm8Eaqs3XD
RT @ CRTV : Socialist Sweden is being ravaged by unchecked immigration and their response is exactly the WRONG thing to do ! @ michellemalkin i…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Your tax dollars at work , folks .

Get the full story on this and other Capitol Hill hijinks in your inbox every morning…
Here 's the five step process needed to # ReleaseTheMemo

via @ natemaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/A6C6aEZfAI
It 's a moment of truth .

via @ rmconservative

https : //t.co/h5F2jt0lyZ
Um ...

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/gGk09pYZRE
`` During a discussion on the Schumer shutdown , McCain calmly and methodically destroyed Navarro ’ s points , one by one . McCain even asked , 'It ’ s really difficult for me to understand sometimes why you still consider yourself a Republican . ' '' - @ robeno

https : //t.co/JOXlgYZSVJ
`` When will Republicans stop listening to their phony consultants , who have done them a disservice on this issue for decades ? Common sense is the best poll of all . '' - @ RMconservative

https : //t.co/jqTgtw4txy
RT @ CRTV : Black unemployment is at a record low . @ MillerStream reveals why the Left is TERRIFIED ... Check out his daily Whi… https : //t.co…
RT @ Robeno : From today 's WTF MSM ! ? email . @ Google honors Soviet propagandist with # GoogleDoodle yesterday .

Sign up to get WTF MSM ! ? to y…
`` Fund called into [ The John Batchelor Show ] question how Strzok , a lifelong government employee , could possibly afford Boies without outside help , given that the high-profile attorney apparently charges $ 700 per hour . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/gGk09pYZRE
RT @ dbongino : Are you absolutely sure those text messages are missing ? DON ’ T MISS my explosive podcast today for troubling details .
Availab…
The FISA program allows the warrantless surveillance of American citizens . Earlier this month the Senate voted to end debate and put the program up for a vote . Was your senator the deciding vote ? Click to find out .

https : //t.co/5Fg4OmRnip
Will @ SenateMajLdr step up and become a statesman ?

That 's the question @ RMconservative is asking today

https : //t.co/h5F2jt0lyZ
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : === & gt ; https : //t.co/JIp7c0lwz0

Win a trip to go hunting with me , get a home-cooked meal from Miss Kay , and be on an ep…
`` While President Trump could immediately declassify the information with the stroke of a pen , going through the House Intelligence committee could take almost a month . Here ’ s how that works , according to House rules : '' - @ natemaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/A6C6aEZfAI
`` Vice President Mike Pence arrived in Israel this week with good news for the U.S.-Israel relationship . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/XQ8BmS5XLn
Do you read @ robeno 's WTF MSM ! ? email .

It 's FREE and delivered to your email box . Every weekday .

Sign up here -- -- & gt ; https : //t.co/6DOR52qFWS https : //t.co/RO9bWBt8Qp
Do you get Footnotes in your email box each day ?

You should ...

https : //t.co/HPAPCwrk2d
LOL ...

https : //t.co/MFW7qo0jqS
RT @ dbongino : We are now the second most listened to conservative podcast in the country behind the great Ben Shapiro . Thank you so very mu…
RT @ CRTV : Democrats tried EVERYTHING to divert blame for the government shutdown . It did n't work !

Watch more @ deneenborelli on CRTV == & gt ; ht…
This did n't end well for Chuck Schumer

via @ chriscpandolfo

https : //t.co/Dm8Eaqs3XD
The correct link for this tweet is below .

https : //t.co/Dm8Eaqs3XD https : //t.co/I5f17PL3C7
🤔🤔🤔 https : //t.co/aGmVhCSwpf
Nobody ...

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/etcK0nnyQm
RT @ CRTV : Marxists professors gone WILD . What makes them so nutty ? @ mkibbe finds out .

Watch now == & gt ; https : //t.co/XHGZ2HtwxS https : //t.co/3…
`` Chuck Schumer and the Democrats chose illegal aliens over the American people . '' - @ marklevinshow

via @ ChrisCPandlfo

https : //t.co/h5F2jt0lyZ
`` It ’ s time , 33 years into his Senate career , for @ SenateMajLdr to finally be a statesman , to propose and articulate a intrepid agenda , and to do what it takes to get the ball into the end zone. `` - @ RMconservative

https : //t.co/h5F2jt0lyZ
The facts are catching up to Chuck Schumer .

via @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/J2BmtNWn1v
All the yawns ...

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/etcK0nnyQm
`` So if you ’ re a Christian and failing to acknowledge some of the good Trump is doing for your worldview , you ’ re likely guilty of exactly what you rightly condemned Trump ’ s religious shills for doing . '' - @ stevedeaceshow

https : //t.co/quHdXHjht1
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Ever notice the same people chanting and singing for `` abortion rights '' want to lecture us on animal rights ?

It 's bee…
Oops ! 😂

https : //t.co/Dm8Eaqs3XD
This is how it 's done ...

via @ chriscpandolfo

https : //t.co/OyVXqo1LLg
`` Isn ’ t it time to first fulfill the promise to Americans before pursuing another amnesty ? '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/J2BmtNWn1v
Full speed ahead ...

via @ Jordan Schachtel

https : //t.co/XQ8BmS5XLn
`` Voters other than those already predisposed to loathe President Trump do not care about the [ Russia ] issue . '' - @ robeno

https : //t.co/etcK0nnyQm
RT @ CRTV : Sorry , Dems . But you deserve every bit of the scorn and embarrassment you 're getting for putting illegals ahead of Americans in t…
RT @ RMConservative : I today 's podcast we discuss the 45 year failure to fight judicial supremacy and Roe v Wade and juxtapose to what Dems…
RT @ CRTV : On this anniversary of Roe v. Wade , they 'll chant and sing for the right to kill their babies , but they want to lecture us on ani…
BOOM !

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/e10HOzkVpV
After the latest shutdown vote , progressives are losing it over 'spineless ' Dems

via @ chriscpandolfo

https : //t.co/MFW7qo0jqS
THIS is what the March for Life was all about

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/ccsiFiwwS2
These lies are n't aging well .

via @ RMconservative

https : //t.co/J2BmtNWn1v
`` Russia , Russia , Yawn ... '' - @ robeno

https : //t.co/etcK0nnyQm
RT @ dbongino : 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 https : //t.co/kqv…
Get some popcorn . This is great .

by @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/MFW7qo0jqS
“ The Embassy will open before the end of next year. ” - @ VP

by @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/XQ8BmS5XLn
RT @ CRTV : . @ michellemalkin takes aim at the 'build a wall and my generation will tear it down '' sign . How dare the Left brainwash young Amer…
This did n't go well for Sen. Graham .

by @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/ZIinp6zzZM
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : This is the first time Republicans have truly defeated Democrats and the media on a real policy debate , that I can reca…
Schumer puts illegal immigrants over American citizens .

by @ rmconservative

https : //t.co/J2BmtNWn1v
. @ presssec 1 - @ LindseyGrahamSC 0

`` Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is now the second White House official to fire back at Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-S.C. , for prioritizing illegal aliens ahead of American citizens . '' - @ chriscpandolfo

https : //t.co/e10HOzkVpV
It 's the end of the world as @ stevedeaceshow knows it . Does he feel fine ?

https : //t.co/bYO1PaNnWI
`` Pro-Israel observers will likely be relieved by the news that the White House is prioritizing the embassy move . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/XQ8BmS5XLn
`` But we won ’ t come to a resolution on abortion or any other important issues as a nation until Republicans care about 60 million murdered babies as much as Democrats care about illegal aliens . '' - @ rmconservative

https : //t.co/5OGBNawTzA
`` In short , the Lindsey Graham proposal is amnesty now , border security maybe , illegal immigrants first , Americans last . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/ZIinp6zzZM
WATCH : Mick Mulvaney schools CNN 's Jim Acosta .

At this point it is n't even really fair .

https : //t.co/OyVXqo1LLg
. @ stevedeaceshow rides # shutdown2018 to the end of the world , and lives to tell us about it .

https : //t.co/bYO1PaNnWI
`` An entire political party is now willing to shut the government down over a policy exclusively for illegal aliens , not Americans . '' - @ rmconservative

https : //t.co/J2BmtNWn1v
Oh . https : //t.co/Y7OVULZXju
RT @ FoxNews : . @ dbongino : `` There 's this myth out there somehow that the Republicans have played a role in this . They need 60 votes in the se…
Wow . https : //t.co/IWxRBxBnRW
Unbelievable https : //t.co/FIwdtQx6oR
The difference between the # MarchForLife and the # WomensMarch2018 can be seen in the message of these signs .

What would you like to explain to your daughters ? https : //t.co/1Dnof1xzfU
# SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/KIo2yWW1Vj
The @ Dbongino Show Ep . 637 :
Release the Memo Now
https : //t.co/9LwR43z51v
WTF MSM ! ? The ‘ so-called ’ March for Life
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/FjSsG4oGX8
WATCH : OMB Director Mick Mulvaney SCHOOLS drama queen Jim Acosta https : //t.co/OyVXqo1LLg
Here 's why evangelicals do n't have to feel guilty for supporting Trump https : //t.co/quHdXHjht1
BOOM : This is what a government funding request should look like https : //t.co/LoPYznb3xi
Mark Levin : 'Avoid Wikipedia like the plague '
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/XTeZhKeIbC
EXPOSED : Democrats ' immigration hypocrisy | Here 's The Deal w/ @ DeneenBorelli

https : //t.co/ouo7Ot0qxy
Meet the Candidates : Chip Roy in TX-21 Ep . 183 https : //t.co/PWMVPCucXb
WATCH : OMB Director @ MickMulvaneyOMB SCHOOLS drama queen Jim Acosta https : //t.co/OyVXqo1LLg
WTF MSM ! ? The ‘ so-called ’ March for Life https : //t.co/FjSsG4oGX8
RT @ CRTV : Honor killings in the U.S. is the REAL war on women .

Does anyone at the # WomensMarch even care about this ?
What about co-founder…
RT @ RepMarkMeadows : Please share if you agree : it is completely unacceptable to withhold the salary of our military men and women because y…
Meet the Candidates : @ ChipRoyTX in TX-21 Ep . 183
https : //t.co/PWMVPCucXb
Mark Levin is SO ready for Dems and RINOS to keep this promise https : //t.co/mQP0LVvybU
Hillary Clinton ’ s pro-Putin hatchet man swept up in ‘ Trump-Russia ’ investigation https : //t.co/PEsk3rrKgI
BOOM : This is what a government funding request should look like https : //t.co/LoPYznb3xi
The @ Dbongino Show :
Release the Memo Now https : //t.co/9LwR43z51v
Here 's why evangelicals do n't have to feel guilty for supporting Trump
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/quHdXHjht1
From a @ freedomcaucus Congressman https : //t.co/mNC7pTVNUu
But it was Trump ’ s fault , right ? https : //t.co/GnGiA4lWNu
When will the GOP care about 60 million murdered babies as much as Dems care about illegal aliens ?
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/5OGBNawTzA
Rep. @ RonDeSantisFL : Release the memo now !
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/CGKFiewiDq
WATCH : OMB Director @ MickMulvaneyOMB SCHOOLS drama queen Jim Acosta https : //t.co/OyVXqo1LLg
WTF MSM ! ? The ‘ so-called ’ March for Life https : //t.co/FjSsG4oGX8
He ’ s right you know . https : //t.co/Rvy8Y2HQKj
Show the pro-aborts that THIS is what the # MarchForLife is all about https : //t.co/ccsiFiwwS2
Delete your single . https : //t.co/GXkIj0IwuL
Mark Levin : 'Avoid Wikipedia like the plague ' https : //t.co/XTeZhKeIbC
RT @ MikeNeedham : Look forward to all the reporters asking @ SecBurwell ( yes , same Burwell ) why she closed national parks in 2013 . National P…
😂🤣 https : //t.co/Rn1jD8GbfS
Yup https : //t.co/ThLlojC9Xx
# SchumerShutdown

But pop a # corkerOpen ? ? https : //t.co/H0rOSRknmo
What state is Trump a senator in ? https : //t.co/Zcw04pOPxn
🤷‍♂️🤷‍♀️ https : //t.co/oN9gG4zDuo
FYI https : //t.co/h74WarP9WO
Oh . https : //t.co/RUwp6VkDz3
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : 👇Delusional or idiotic ? https : //t.co/alCAcHAvIV
# SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/pPpwfZR0iQ
RT @ rachelbovard : Lee and Paul have both never voted for a CR . https : //t.co/Vlf6am7Xlu
RT @ sistertoldjah : Look at that headline . What a nice surprise . https : //t.co/VtFRsWUzid
Oof .

@ chuckschumer call Barry and have him delete this tweet . https : //t.co/XyY0DJP6b6
O , rly ?
# SchumerShutdown https : //t.co/HmuVMUJRsn
# SchumerShutdown
Newsy McNewsface https : //t.co/nAGNiojnzh
RT @ gastonmooney : You know what never shuts down ? @ WaffleHouse .
RT @ michellemalkin : Feds are in cahoots with lying environmental radicals -- like Pew , EDF & amp ; NRDC -- who 've manufactured an `` overfishing '' c…
RT @ JenKuznicki : If the Trump administration wants big Republican gains in Congress , it ought to take it to the Democrats , n… https : //t.co/…
Welp https : //t.co/2umQFvthc1
Can you Twitter ?
Are you good at The Facebook ?
Hate communism ?

You might want to check out this opportunity ... https : //t.co/J3hGz56AJO
WATCH : OMB Director Mick Mulvaney SCHOOLS drama queen Jim Acosta https : //t.co/OyVXqo1LLg
Rep. @ RonDeSantisFL : Release the memo now ! https : //t.co/CGKFiewiDq
=== & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : The press is not above reproach https : //t.co/BR1YoAngD4
Will EVERY government shutdown be blamed on Republicans ? https : //t.co/fxhDG8FGip
Mark Levin is SO ready for Dems and RINOS to keep this promise https : //t.co/mQP0LVvybU
BOOM : This is what a government funding request should look like https : //t.co/LoPYznb3xi
Hillary Clinton ’ s pro-Putin hatchet man swept up in ‘ Trump-Russia ’ investigation https : //t.co/PEsk3rrKgI
WTF MSM ! ? President Obama was right : 'Words ' matter https : //t.co/9CA85HhU9i
Show the pro-aborts that THIS is what the # MarchForLife is all about https : //t.co/ccsiFiwwS2
WTF MSM ! ? The ‘ so-called ’ March for Life https : //t.co/FjSsG4oGX8
RT @ ChrisCPandolfo : How many votes does it take to keep the government open ? 60 .
How many Republicans are there ? 51 .
How many Dems need t…
When will the GOP care about 60 million murdered babies as much as Dems care about illegal aliens ? https : //t.co/5OGBNawTzA
Here 's why evangelicals do n't have to feel guilty for supporting Trump https : //t.co/quHdXHjht1
🧠🧠🧠
WATCH : OMB Director Mick Mulvaney SCHOOLS drama queen Jim @ Acosta https : //t.co/OyVXqo1LLg
RT @ CRTV : # ReleaseTheMemo
RT @ dbongino : Want to work with us at CRTV ? https : //t.co/zjuKPi44Ow
Maybe NARAL doesn ’ t understand how shaming works ?

There is no shame in being a mother .

There is no shame in adoption . https : //t.co/WvGtjdQIsr
@ NARAL @ ilyseh Shaming women ? https : //t.co/UA8U7NI259
RT @ RMConservative : 60 million babies as proof of the biggest systemic shutdown we have -the shutdown of judiciary https : //t.co/s9R0dYVvUt…
RT @ alexanderbolton : OMB director Mick Mulvaney says National Parks will remain open during a government shutdown unlike 2013 under Preside…
Rep. Ron DeSantis : Release the memo now ! https : //t.co/CGKFiewiDq
RT @ DailySignal : `` We don ’ t want this . We do not want a shutdown—but Mr. Schumer insists on this . '' OMB Director Mick Mulvaney

Live now : htt…
RT @ dbongino : Mick Mulvaney is doing a masterful job right now of exposing the media for the imbeciles they are .
RT @ dcexaminer : Mick Mulvaney on impending shutdown : `` There 's no way you can lay this at the feet of the president '' https : //t.co/pxdk3bppH3
RT @ Gavin_McInnes : This week 's podcast is just about the past week because it 's been INSANE ! # GOML
https : //t.co/UzgWzfGjCO
RT @ conservmillen : Thrilled that @ POTUS is speaking to today 's # MarchForLife marchers . Next , let 's put some action with that talk : defund P…
GOP controls the House , Senate , and White House .

Maybe it is time to do something , and end this “ annual event ” and turn it into a celebration instead of a protest ?

# DefundPP https : //t.co/PpXkbDnctj
RT @ RepTedYoho : I read the FISA memo yesterday & amp ; what I saw was deeply troubling , to say the least . I believe the memo should be declassifi…
RT @ CRTV : # ProLife
Pro- # MarchForLife2018
He 's Right .
@ DavidLimbaugh : The press is not above reproach https : //t.co/BR1YoAngD4
Will EVERY government shutdown be blamed on Republicans ?
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/fxhDG8FGip
Mark Levin is SO ready for Dems and RINOS to keep this promise https : //t.co/mQP0LVvybU
7 new stats that blow up leftist narratives on abortion https : //t.co/cUUFb803wX
Levin : Americans are being ‘ blackmailed ’ by Dem amnesty demands https : //t.co/rF1knnQ3ID
The legacy media and the Left are practicing Soviet-style 'psychiatry ' against Trump https : //t.co/OIMKlcK20w
It 's time for Republicans to USE IT or LOSE IT
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/M4KZmQTmd7
Lindsey Graham will shut down the government for illegal aliens , but not for Americans
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/vMd1vrsVTb
WTF MSM ! ? President Obama was right : 'Words ' matter
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/9CA85HhU9i
Hillary Clinton ’ s pro-Putin hatchet man swept up in ‘ Trump-Russia ’ investigation
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/PEsk3rrKgI
BOOM : This is what a government funding request should look like https : //t.co/LoPYznb3xi
RT @ LevinTV : The 400th Episode of LevinTV !

Catch up on all 400 - only at CRTV : https : //t.co/GB20J0BgAU https : //t.co/0Pz6OIr7PZ
RT @ CRTV : What *SHUTDOWN* hashtag is more accurate ?
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Today 's podcast : why it 's time re-assess the premise of the Trump & amp ; evangelicals ' conversation now that he 's in office…
RT @ RMConservative : Here are the important details of the GOP CHIP betrayal , and this is not even a top issue in the news https : //t.co/aMCe…
BOOM : This is what a government funding request should look like https : //t.co/LoPYznb3xi via @ ChrisCPandolfo
WTF MSM ! ? President Obama was right : 'Words ' matter https : //t.co/9CA85HhU9i
Hillary Clinton ’ s pro-Putin hatchet man swept up in ‘ Trump-Russia ’ investigation https : //t.co/PEsk3rrKgI
Lindsey Graham will shut down the government for illegal aliens , but not for Americans https : //t.co/vMd1vrsVTb
RT @ Robeno : I ca n't believe I am saying this ...
but ...

@ barackobama was right

https : //t.co/EpAXQ4Yvfi
RT @ CRTV : EXPOSED : Democrats ' immigration hypocrisy
While the Left virtue-signals over President Trump 's sh*thole comments , @ DeneenBorelli…
It 's time for Republicans to USE IT or LOSE IT https : //t.co/M4KZmQTmd7
RT @ conservmillen : Sneak peek 👀 New videos for @ crtv coming soon ! Subscribe at https : //t.co/jt2Smv2qxa with discount code allie20 , so you d…
RT @ CRTV : The Breakdown of Law and Order
The @ DBongino Show
https : //t.co/sCyslOPxrO
Levin : Americans are being ‘ blackmailed ’ by Dem amnesty demands https : //t.co/rF1knnQ3ID
via @ benshapiro : Stop feministsplaining sex to men https : //t.co/rwqxSEJYD5
Aziz Ansari has a LOT of thank-you notes to write ... to conservatives https : //t.co/LUUH5QJEyK
NEW @ michellemalkin : Big Brother on America 's fishing boats https : //t.co/CHDF4wJa9v
Man up , DC ! Immigrants are 73 percent of terrorism convictions https : //t.co/ZeJVJ2VJVH
New poll : Even 'pro-choice ' Americans support banning abortion after first trimester https : //t.co/GX2jixRwW3
WTF MSM ! ? Reporters incredulous over Trump ’ s health https : //t.co/Bfaz7wcomY
The legacy media and the Left are practicing Soviet-style 'psychiatry ' against Trump https : //t.co/OIMKlcK20w
WOW : Sarah Sanders SAVAGES Jeff Flake during WH press conference https : //t.co/iI7eq8pbHm
7 new stats that blow up leftist narratives on abortion https : //t.co/cUUFb803wX
Levin : Americans are being ‘ blackmailed ’ by Dem amnesty demands https : //t.co/rF1knnQ3ID
RT @ CRTV : Get Off My Lawn Podcast # 16 | Did you ever see someone go crazy ? https : //t.co/Ebvyt7o3Ll
RT @ CRTV : Yeah , how do you screw these up :
https : //t.co/z2f5cSewiE https : //t.co/fLBYtSbDKT
RT @ marklevinshow : The 1st Annual Fake News Awards ! https : //t.co/anLpK5qjX7
RT @ CRTV : WATCH Tonight at 920pm ET

@ MichelleMalkin on @ SeanHannity

Ca n't waitl 'til then ?

Check Michelle 's newest # MMI on CRTV=== & gt ;
http…
RT @ CRTV : Coming soon !
allie aka @ ConservMillen on CRTV

Subscribe now and get $ 20 off an annual subscription !
Link === & gt ; https : //t.co/mxT6…
RT @ scrowder : Brilliant = & gt ; @ jordanbpeterson Dismantles Feminism in One TV Segment https : //t.co/K9UBIXpaAE
Sounds like a swampy entrenched D.C. bureaucrat to us . Sides w/ COURTS stacked Obama over one of the most liberty-minded senators — @ RandPaul

@ JohnCornyn why don ’ t you do focus on confirming nominees like @ russvought and leave the Constitution to the conservatives ? https : //t.co/rBskxwDvGd
RT @ CRTV : Liberals are celebrating Senator Cory Booker 's unhinged monologue directed at Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen .

But…
RT @ CRTV : The Biggest Scandal in US History Keeps Getting Worse

Listen to @ DBongino :
https : //t.co/5032v3CE2H
RT @ CRTV : It was disturbing how genuinely upset the media seemed about the fact that Trump is in `` excellent '' health . It 's clear they are po…
RT @ CauseofActionDC : . @ MichelleMalkin interviews our client David Goethel who is fighting a # fishing regulation that could put 60 % of his i…
RT @ CRTV : NEW @ MichelleMalkin Investigates ( FREE ) :
Fishing Wars : Drowning in regulations

Why does the government tie up commercial fishing…
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : Who is getting behind convicted traitor Chelsea Manning 's Senate run ? Find out on my free Capitol Hill Brief email , you…
NEW from @ michellemalkin : Big Brother is on America 's fishing boats
https : //t.co/CHDF4wJa9v
RT @ michellemalkin : # FlashbackWednesday -- Stalin 's stenographer at the New York Times == & gt ; https : //t.co/lUTqCbVlZ3
RT @ CRTV : Dems are playing hardball with the DACA `` kids , '' insisting that they are n't a bargaining chip but are our best and brightest and n…
Mark Levin takes on the 'Media S # # # Show ' and radical Dems in a FREE episode of LevinTV https : //t.co/aIzPDeCKBs
== & gt ; @ benshapiro : Stop feministsplaining sex to men https : //t.co/rwqxSEJYD5
Aziz Ansari has a LOT of thank-you notes to write ... to conservatives
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/LUUH5QJEyK
Especially if it is in Cyrillic ( ie Russian ) and you are pretty confident the person messaging you doesn ’ t regularly write in Russian . https : //t.co/dxh3vtl0TY
Levin : ‘ I ’ m embarrassed ' by 'what the Left is doing to this country ' https : //t.co/s6AXpljeQg via @ kpshiver3
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Today 's @ CRTV show featuring @ JamesOKeefeIII of @ Project_Veritas and we discuss Mitt vs. Trump .

https : //t.co/T9UVU4TR…
RT @ WilkowMajority : If you missed my @ CRTV start date announcement and Q & amp ; A Facebook live here it is https : //t.co/YKJPtMDn33
Despite record revenue , debt still rising . DC solution ? More spending https : //t.co/VSyv76PaN6
Deneen Borelli : Dems could have fixed DACA under Obama https : //t.co/m5rZULlaQ8
Boston Globe runs with AP 's # FakeNews five days later https : //t.co/7pORMv2H0j
Virginia 's Democrat governor watches helplessly as his gun-control agenda goes down in flames https : //t.co/LtD5nc3YKb
= & gt ; & gt ; @ conservmillen : If the government shuts down , blame the Democrats ! https : //t.co/jHKwcCs3l6
Jeff Flake has the world ’ s worst case of Trump Derangement Syndrome https : //t.co/E98cWaTfty
# Girtherism https : //t.co/QbW58FSHuF
RT @ CRTV : LIVE ON FACEBOOK :
@ WilkowMajority

Go there now :
https : //t.co/qsZ7K7CV1E https : //t.co/VyGlk5obEV
@ philipaklein The Doctor https : //t.co/zxIZYhEjjJ
RT @ Neoavatara : @ varadmehta GIRTHERS .
RT @ CRTV : At 5PM check out @ WilkowMajority ’ s Facebook page for a SPECIAL LIVE !

Link here :
https : //t.co/ESjdbf4ZL9 https : //t.co/jDaQJOzQkm
RT @ CRTV : Coming soon : @ conservmillen at CRTV

Sign up now and receive $ 20 off a year ’ s subscription === & gt ;
https : //t.co/vANAjAfb1X https : //…
RT @ MillerStream : The press actually sounds upset that @ realDonaldTrump is in great health . It ’ s like they WANT their president to be sick.…
WTF MSM ! ? Setting the narrative before writing the story https : //t.co/72cIPMlAAQ
RT @ CRTV : And , GO ! https : //t.co/vSIMc6waUh
Mark Levin : Here 's how we KNOW the FBI used the Russian dossier to get a warrant to spy on Trump 's campaign https : //t.co/Ahvr0Vt1ND
Hawaii false alarm is a real warning : Strengthen cybersecurity now https : //t.co/NbAKrRjH1m
Wonder if @ JohnCornyn and @ BernieSanders are spending # ReligiousFreedomDay together …

Flashback :
Cornyn holds @ russvought nomination hostage after Sanders ’ unconstitutional religious test at Senate hearing
https : //t.co/DjG1FD5hUm

# ConfirmRuss
RT @ CRTV : It is # ReligiousFreedomDay — but it is n't so easy being a Christian when the Democrats have a say .

Flashback to Judge Amy Coney…
Chelsea Manning vs. Ben Cardin : Battle of the sellouts https : //t.co/yaZw7uAXyY
== & gt ; @ deneenborelli : Dems could have fixed DACA under Obama https : //t.co/m5rZULlaQ8
Despite record revenue , debt still rising . DC solution ? More spending
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/VSyv76PaN6
Boston Globe runs with AP 's # FakeNews five days later
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/7pORMv2H0j
Virginia 's Democrat governor watches helplessly as his gun-control agenda goes down in flames
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/LtD5nc3YKb
New study : Flake 's DACA dream is Arizona 's crime nightmare https : //t.co/X7LbhTEVpk
=== & gt ; @ conservmillen : If the government shuts down , blame the Democrats ! https : //t.co/jHKwcCs3l6
RT @ CRTV : ICYMI :
Liberals ca n't stand the fact that Trump 's policies help black Americans ! @ deneenborelli asks , why does the Left hate # ML…
Levin : ‘ I ’ m embarrassed ' by 'what the Left is doing to this country ' https : //t.co/s6AXpljeQg
Good morning !

# DontEatTidePods
This is how the NY Times celebrated # MLKDay

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/Ta5bwNACkj
`` In case you missed it over the weekend , convicted traitor Chelsea Manning is now running for Senate in Maryland , which is only the fourth or fifth weirdest story of 2018 so far . '' - @ NateMaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/yaZw7uAXyY
RT @ CRTV : Liberals ca n't stand the fact that Trump 's policies help black Americans ! @ dborelli asks , why does the Left hate # MLK 's Dream ? ! …
`` This is a national emergency . Instead of a DACA “ fix , ” where is the clamor for a criminal alien fix for Americans ? '' - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/X7LbhTEVpk
Levin : ‘ I ’ m embarrassed ' by 'what the Left is doing to this country ' https : //t.co/s6AXpljeQg via @ kpshiver3
RT @ CRTV : Meltdown over Trump honoring # MLK . @ MillerStream says it shows how far we have strayed from Dr. King 's vision ...

More White Hous…
Glenn Greenwald : Jewish puppet masters are blocking Chelsea Manning ’ s Senate run

via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/XI895tHjCB
# MittHappens

https : //t.co/l9itDwg2LI
2018 , what a year !

via @ stevedeaceshow

https : //t.co/AehzprQ698
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : # MLKJr had it right . He understood our rights come from God .

Watch more on In the Woods with Phil right here : https : /…
`` ... it ’ s a morally reprehensible and outrageous comparison to make . The Soviet dictator is an infamous historical figure who was known to commit genocide , impose mass starvation on innocents , and send his political opponents to Gulags . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/E98cWaTfty
Remember to always tweet responsibly . And that means do n't tell folks like @ CRTV host @ conservmillen you wish they 'd get a # metoo moment .

Do n't do that .

https : //t.co/QoVQVLKIY6
RT @ CRTV : Did you know the FBI targeted and spied on # MLK after his famous `` I Have a Dream '' speech ? And if they spied on MLK , they 'll spy o…
Is this the NY Times ' standard ?

`` If you deny you are a racist , it means you are one . '' - @ robeno

https : //t.co/Ta5bwNACkj
`` To Greenwald , the dishonorably discharged Manning is a 'whistleblower , ' a 'hero , ' and an 'icon ' for the progressive community . Manning , who regularly tweets things like 'f*** the police , ' is the natural choice for progressives ... '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/asY0K5Eu2N
RT @ MillerStream : Today 's `` White House Brief '' newsletter : traitorous @ JeffFlake and the lead @ dixiechicks singer 's dead-as-a-doornail caree…
`` When you put it that way , the choices for Maryland ’ s Democrats are remarkably unenviable , but such is the life for a party with such a shallow bench . '' - @ NateMaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/yaZw7uAXyY
`` Sadly , Jeff Flake and his compatriots are daydreaming about amnesty while his constituents bear the crushing cost of his nightmare . `` - @ RMConservative

https : //t.co/X7LbhTEVpk
`` Not only does Flake appear to have a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome , but he will end his tenure in the Senate with no actual representative constituency left . '' - @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/E98cWaTfty
`` It ’ s hard to tell which of these arguments and candidates will be deemed to be less a national security sellout , but at least it ’ ll be fun to watch . '' - @ NateMaddenCRTV

https : //t.co/yaZw7uAXyY
The NY Times celebrated # MLKDay by calling @ realDonaldTrump racist multiple times

via @ robeno

https : //t.co/Ta5bwNACkj
Glenn Greenwald : Jewish puppet masters are blocking Chelsea Manning ’ s Senate run

via @ JordanSchachtel

Read -- - & gt ; https : //t.co/XI895tHjCB
`` Georgetown ’ s values are , of course , questionable , given the university ’ s flirtation with radical professors who defend rape as normal and have ties to terrorist organizations . '' - @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/QoVQVLKIY6
A Georgetown University program advisory board member resigned after wishing a `` # MeToo moment '' on @ CRTV host @ conservmillen

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/QoVQVLKIY6
We deleted a tweet about this story . https : //t.co/QoVQVLKIY6

Bernstein was a member of a Georgetown program advisory board , not a professor .
RT @ CRTV : We love it when @ michellemalkin lays down the TRUTH and embarrasses leftists . We love it even more when it 's open-borders zealot…
Joe Koss 's Footnotes email is a daily helping of laughter and insight , directly in your email inbox every weekday .

Sign up now -- - & gt ; https : //t.co/HPAPCw9JaF https : //t.co/gixKSV7ic3
`` Caught in the middle is the rest of the country , already struggling to catch its breath . ''

`` We 're already tired of 2018 ''

via @ stevedeaceshow

https : //t.co/AehzprQ698
. @ mittromney uses MLK day tweet to take a swing at @ realDonaldTrump

via @ ChrisCPandolfo

https : //t.co/l9itDwg2LI https : //t.co/naMV995Ezm
RT @ CRTV : # BeerisFreedom
w/ @ Mkibbe & amp ; @ FlyingDog

More Kibbe at CRTV=== & gt ;
https : //t.co/jFvH1MtKmT https : //t.co/rJ9iX9Jzbf
Are you reading @ CRTV 's Capitol HIll Brief newsletter ?

You should be .

Sign up here -- - & gt ; https : //t.co/Agdz0tC62l https : //t.co/TGwC3C6Yht
This is the best way to keep up with the real news about the Trump administration . Read @ CRTV 's White House Brief by @ MillerStream delivered right to your email inbox .

Sign up here -- - & gt ; https : //t.co/35Zaw43J42 https : //t.co/l4YMGXOKD8
LISTEN : The BOMBSHELL report that proves @ marklevinshow has been right about Obama admin . FISA abuses

https : //t.co/ReIBv7OeAY https : //t.co/g991bHST2k
Are you sick of the MSM 's biased reporting , selective facts , and outright propaganda ?

Sign up for the daily dose of sunlight you need to disinfect the media 's lies . It 's free .

The WTF MSM ! ? newsletter . Sign up here -- - ? https : //t.co/bYK0KLfBIs https : //t.co/KpuH9l1tKn
. @ marklevinshow : Here 's what Trump actually thinks of Haitians

https : //t.co/iHjTGsWac7 https : //t.co/Pguuz577uO
2018 to 2017 : Hold my beer .

via @ stevedeaceshow

https : //t.co/AehzprQ698 https : //t.co/hCbkYa2GnS
Daniel Horowitz exposes the chain migration bait-and-switch with Mark Levin https : //t.co/whhp7E4XAS
The budget betrayal that would destroy the 2018 legislative agenda https : //t.co/bK2xokG7Of
European Iran shills appease regime , demand Trump continue nuke deal https : //t.co/SJIzMn98RP
. @ DavidLimbaugh :
Dear President Trump , please stay the course https : //t.co/xZzXlw01aF
via @ deneenborelli : Democrats will have to explain why they did n't support the tax cuts https : //t.co/7u7AkLpERx
Wahlberg and Walmart : It 's called economics , not sexism
from @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/qCr3OapEhV
No , the US ambassador to Panama did NOT resign over Trump 's 'shithole ' comment
# FakeNews
https : //t.co/iHyqHjmOFC
STOP !
Your virtue-signaling wo n't keep America from becoming a $ # ! % hole https : //t.co/FrNKE7t0sX
Is the MSM jumping in the hole ? ... https : //t.co/4tE1DK8SAq
The Left 's tax 'Armageddon ' is raining MONEY , not meteors !
with @ NateMaddenCRTV
https : //t.co/FBB15pJ831
RT @ CRTV : New Year .
New Episodes .
Same relentless pursuit of truth , Constitutional freedom , and American greatness .

@ LevinTV === & gt ; Only at…
Conservatoons : Trump 's got his finger on the button , all right https : //t.co/SO5JolSlnI
& gt ; & gt ; & gt ; https : //t.co/QnGiIqdcCX
No , the US ambassador to Panama did NOT resign over Trump 's 'shithole ' comment https : //t.co/iHyqHjmOFC
Your virtue-signaling wo n't keep America from becoming a $ # ! % hole https : //t.co/FrNKE7t0sX
WTF MSM ! ? Jumping in the hole ? ... https : //t.co/4tE1DK8SAq
The Left 's tax 'Armageddon ' is raining MONEY , not meteors ! https : //t.co/FBB15pJ831
RT @ DEFCONWSALERTS : This alert is a false alarm . There is NO missile threat to Hawaii . DEFCON condition remains at Level 5 , Green . https : //…
RT @ ABC : JUST IN : Hawaii Emergency Management Agency tweets there is no missile threat to Hawaii , after residents allegedly received emerge…
He 's right you know . https : //t.co/4wT1ecTz9o
Let them eat cake ?

Millionaire Nancy Pelosi trashes tax cuts , calls $ 1,000 bonuses 'crumbs ' https : //t.co/8mIWmCJSz2
== & gt ; @ DeneenBorelli : Democrats will have to explain why they did n't support the tax cuts https : //t.co/7u7AkLpERx
Wahlberg and Walmart : It 's called economics , not sexism
from @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/qCr3OapEhV
CR Vote Alert :
Stop Unconstitutional Abuse of Americans ' Privacy https : //t.co/wjHRHZ4qVm
From @ DavidLimbaugh :
President Trump , please stay the course https : //t.co/xZzXlw01aF
RT @ CRTV : The Biggest Scandal in American History Part https : //t.co/VVTMbzK2g9
Mark Levin : Here ’ s what Trump ACTUALLY thinks of Haitians https : //t.co/iHjTGsWac7
RT @ CRTV : One agent was murdered .
Another was forced to retired after 18 years of service .

What happened ?

@ MichelleMalkin Investigates =…
RT @ marklevinshow : Chris Matthews , putz
https : //t.co/Iqq9aTkMwX
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : 35 years ago , I never saw myself as an inventor of anything ... except trouble .

Is capitalism great or what ?

Check…
RT @ CRTV : Illegal alien supremacism + judicial supremacism is our 'fall of Rome '

https : //t.co/VaOXoIWodS
From @ DavidLimbaugh :
President Trump , please stay the course https : //t.co/xZzXlw01aF
RT @ CRTV : Just How Big of a Scandal is This ?

https : //t.co/vwzCn07MmU
No , the US ambassador to Panama did NOT resign over Trump 's 'shithole ' comment https : //t.co/iHyqHjmOFC
Your virtue-signaling wo n't keep America from becoming a $ # ! % hole https : //t.co/FrNKE7t0sX
RT @ CRTV : Did you know @ Gavin_McInnes has a free podcast ?
Now you do .

The latest :
Get Off My Lawn Podcast # 15 |
I 've met a lot of celebr…
WTF MSM ! ? Jumping in the hole ? ... https : //t.co/4tE1DK8SAq
The Left 's tax 'Armageddon ' is raining MONEY , not meteors ! https : //t.co/FBB15pJ831
RT @ CRTV : Introducing @ RoamingMil to the CRTV lineup ...

Roaming Millennial Uncensored is launching soon ! So sign up for CRTV today and us…
RT @ CRTV : # FastandFurious — did it have something to do with the ambush murder of Agent Jaime Zapata 's murder ?

@ MichelleMalkin Investigate…
This right here is why Trump won .

Disagree with the president , his words , and even his sentiments .

But liberals always want to virtue signal . Problem is , they are often setting double standards .

# BFDBiden https : //t.co/CDwJBJUrKv
RT @ CRTV : Do you know what FISA is ?
Did you know # FISA was reauthorized ?

@ MKibbe explains the dark side of government .

More Kibbe at CRT…
RT @ RMConservative : “ DACA ! DACA ! DACA ! DACA fix ! ” shouts the “ bipartisan ” political oligarchy in one chorus .
What about first fixing the…
Listen to this ! The BOMBSHELL report that proves Mark Levin RIGHT about Obama admin 's FISA abuses ! https : //t.co/ReIBv7OeAY
Well is n't this special ?

Millionaire Nancy Pelosi trashes tax cuts , calls $ 1,000 bonuses 'crumbs ' https : //t.co/8mIWmCJSz2
== & gt ; @ DeneenBorelli : Democrats will have to explain why they did n't support the tax cuts https : //t.co/7u7AkLpERx
Wahlberg and Walmart : It 's called economics , not sexism
via @ SteveDeaceShow

https : //t.co/qCr3OapEhV
Vote Alert : Stop Unconstitutional Abuse of Americans ' Privacy https : //t.co/wjHRHZ4qVm
From @ DavidLimbaugh :
President Trump , please stay the course https : //t.co/xZzXlwhC2d
European Iran shills appease regime , demand Trump continue nuke deal https : //t.co/SJIzMn98RP
Listen to this ! The BOMBSHELL report that proves @ marklevinshow RIGHT about Obama admin 's FISA abuses ! https : //t.co/ReIBv7OeAY
RT @ CRTV : The Dems called Trump tax bill : `` Economic suicide '' and `` armageddon . ''

Read @ NateMaddenCRTV 's Capitol Hill Brief newsletter for mu…
WTF MSM ! ? NBC News discovers anchor babies … https : //t.co/MfynHpEoED
Report : Trump rejects Senate DACA deal https : //t.co/wsyPTye1qe
Gaffetastic : Millionaire Nancy Pelosi trashes tax cuts , calls $ 1,000 bonuses 'crumbs ' https : //t.co/8mIWmCJSz2
Listen to this ! The BOMBSHELL report that proves Mark Levin RIGHT about Obama admin 's FISA abuses ! https : //t.co/ReIBv7OeAY
The budget betrayal that would destroy the 2018 legislative agenda
Read why :
https : //t.co/bK2xokG7Of
The Goodlatte immigration bill should be the bare minimum for conservatives says @ RMConservative https : //t.co/dpgPurloio
== & gt ; @ RMConservative exposes the chain migration bait-and-switch with Mark Levin https : //t.co/whhp7E4XAS
The virtue-signaling anti-virtue crowd

@ BenShapiro explains
https : //t.co/HEk52eIAJJ
European Iran shills appease regime , demand Trump continue nuke deal
Via @ JordanSchachtel

https : //t.co/SJIzMn98RP
Bob Corker is trying to save the Iran deal ?
Mark Levin is having none of it https : //t.co/OQO2HPcEwd
RT @ CRTV : Illegal alien supremacism + judicial supremacism is our 'fall of Rome ' Ep . 181 https : //t.co/VaOXoIWodS
RT @ CRTV : TONIGHT :
@ Seal and Mark Levin have a similar opinion when it comes to Oprah Winfrey ’ s Golden Globes speech .

Sign up for CRTV to…
RT @ CRTV : Introducing @ RoamingMil to the CRTV lineup ...

Roaming Millennial Uncensored is launching soon ! So sign up for CRTV today and us…
@ Heminator GMTA :
https : //t.co/l4VV5jX4ah
That ’ s not how it works though . That ’ s nothing more than a bill of goods sold to the American public . Nothing has changed in Iran , in fact it has gotten worse , unless you are pals with Rouhani .

e.g . The Iran Protests . https : //t.co/fQ2NxjkvR1
The death toll climbs ... https : //t.co/8AqZWZFGiV
Even better — we would love to see OBAMA explain what it does … https : //t.co/5zSO0JnCEr
RT @ conservmillen : . @ PressSec to @ Acosta : `` I 'm sure you 're disappointed he 's not watching CNN . ''
@ Acosta : `` I think he actually watches a lot…
The budget betrayal that would destroy the 2018 legislative agenda https : //t.co/bK2xokG7Of
@ CBove1 ¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯
A ban on laundry pods in 3… 2… 1 ... https : //t.co/ToqeqlSJRE
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : == & gt ; https : //t.co/ghMvDoGpYB
The Goodlatte immigration bill should be the bare minimum for conservatives https : //t.co/dpgPurloio
Daniel Horowitz exposes the chain migration bait-and-switch with Mark Levin https : //t.co/whhp7E4XAS
The virtue-signaling anti-virtue crowd
via @ BenShapiro
https : //t.co/HEk52eIAJJ
RT @ CRTV : Sign up for the White House Brief newsletter to get a fresh perspective on what is happening at the White House .

Sign up by the…
RT @ CRTV : The Biggest Scandal in American History Part
via @ Dbongino
https : //t.co/VVTMbzK2g9
Bob Corker is trying to save the Iran deal and Mark Levin is having none of it https : //t.co/OQO2HPcEwd
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Reminder the 2018 election will be a fascinating clash of usually historically accurate precedents . Democrats running a…
Number of Democrats who voted for the tax bill :
0 , Zero , Zilch . https : //t.co/YZSpxZrW9p
Border crossings double since spring . Elitist solution ? Amnesty ! https : //t.co/Jier8gn1Jf
From @ benshapiro : The virtue-signaling anti-virtue crowd https : //t.co/HEk52eIAJJ
Six highlights from the bipartisan immigration meeting
Read :
https : //t.co/reLyTNwwr7
Levin : Rogue lawmakers are fighting for amnesty ‘ under the cover of darkness ’ https : //t.co/le2ZvPT6FU
Bob Corker wages last minute blitz to lock in Iran nuclear deal permanently https : //t.co/91BHLnb3cw
RT @ CRTV : MUST LISTEN :
The @ Dbongino Show : The Biggest Scandal in American History Part 2
https : //t.co/VVTMbzK2g9
How many Democrats voted for this bill again ? https : //t.co/P0e0HTggBN
Mark Levin makes the immigration argument every elected Republican should repeat https : //t.co/qwfQDtl9PX
RT @ CRTV : The media have never attacked a president to this degree in the history of this country .

@ LevinTV TONIGHT takes a look at the c…
'Speak your truth ’ and hell applauds https : //t.co/zbuCZb5Lzd
'Speak your truth ’ and hell applauds
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/zbuCZb5Lzd
AZ Senate poll : Is liberal Republican Martha McSally giving Joe Arpaio the lead ? https : //t.co/VVYMoUrq4K
Trump and Sessions must tell this amnesty judge to shove it https : //t.co/2K56mZjCaB
Iran 's 'Supreme Leader ' has conspiracy meltdown on Twitter https : //t.co/9MeWbAjWLM
RT @ CRTV : Jim Caruso , CEO of @ FlyingDog sits down with @ MKibbe to discuss free speech , Ayn Rand , entrepreneurship , and Beer Freedom Index.…
WTF MSM ! ? No regrets … https : //t.co/6FkA436NuI
RT @ CRTV : Eat .
Sleep .
Duck hunt .
Baptize somebody .
*REPEAT*

DuckCommanderPR 's method is fairly straight forward but you never know what e…
2018 is front-loading its crazy .

It is only January 10th folks . https : //t.co/mrtT67o3Sa
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : My latest for @ CR -- some real examples of what the Left means by `` speaking your truth '' and why that does n't mean what…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : I will be on @ HLNTV talking # Immigration at 12:30 eastern time today .
Border crossings double since spring . Elitist solution ? Amnesty ! https : //t.co/Jier8gn1Jf
From the desk of @ benshapiro : The virtue-signaling anti-virtue crowd https : //t.co/HEk52eIAJJ
== & gt ; @ michellemalkin :
Time 's up for 'temporary ' alien protection https : //t.co/EW521ckpU1
Levin : Rogue lawmakers are fighting for amnesty ‘ under the cover of darkness ’ https : //t.co/le2ZvPT6FU
RT @ michellemalkin : Yep . Illegal border-crossers deliberately make sure they cross into the 9th Circuit 's jurisdiction . Word gets around ==…
Six highlights from the bipartisan immigration meeting https : //t.co/reLyTNwwr7
Report : EPA staff could be cut in HALF under Trump admin https : //t.co/UhTR3MgK5N
FLASHBACK : 2013 Oprah said 'disrespect ' to Obama was racist

Oh .

https : //t.co/CcqLk3jgyp
Mark @ LevinTV ridicules the Oprah 2020 insanity : ‘ I ’ m for Judge Judy ’ https : //t.co/bGSCdzRObT
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Today 's @ CRTV -- the 5th of our 7 Deadly Worldviews is pragmatism . Which is the dominant `` moral '' ethic in America today…
RT @ CRTV : There ’ s no need to make a discussion about taxes personal ; that ’ s what a knee-jerk liberal would do .

@ LevinTV talks taxes .

Wan…
They ’ ve got a point . https : //t.co/NSadUjIW6U
RT @ CRTV : Why is it news when the president stands for the national anthem ?

Fmr . ESPN reporter @ BrittMcHenry joins @ MillerStream to poke f…
The big lie about ‘ temporary ’ protected status amnesty for Salvadorans https : //t.co/QMSxsnlVnC
RT @ CRTV : Congrats @ MillerStream on 100 liberal-stomping , establishment-slaying episodes of # WHB

But you 're the REAL winners !

Sign up fo…
The far-left money behind the group that named Trump # 1 press oppressor https : //t.co/lXGQxyDIOI
RT @ deneenborelli : Subscribe to my audio version of Here ’ s The Deal Show listen during your commute @ WestwoodOne @ CRTV @ CR
https : //t.co/pO…
WTF MSM ! ? And the winner is … https : //t.co/Azxon5esqz
Report : EPA staff could be cut in HALF under Trump admin https : //t.co/UhTR3MgK5N
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : == & gt ; https : //t.co/f0qeZCl18H
Uh ... https : //t.co/e9aTA2H8qk
Trump should veto budget bill without these 5 provisions https : //t.co/wS3dQdFGPQ
FLASHBACK : 2013 Oprah said 'disrespect ' to Obama was racist https : //t.co/CcqLk3jgyp
RT @ CRTV : They said what ? !

Here 's The Deal w/ @ DeneenBorelli is now in PODCAST form too ; )

https : //t.co/k8l994WO4W
RT @ RMConservative : Trump should veto budget bill without these 5 provisions . Its time to remember who won the election . https : //t.co/Rkxcy…
Mark @ LevinTV ridicules the Oprah 2020 insanity : ‘ I ’ m for Judge Judy ’ https : //t.co/bGSCdzRObT
The truth about this shady new group of Iran nuke deal 'experts '
... and the term 'experts ' is a stretch !
https : //t.co/UPAVuKeR3E
What in the ... ?
'Trump bad ! Oprah 2020 ! ’ is the ultimate Hollywood delusion https : //t.co/cPP9flNZxq
Is the MSM laying the groundwork for a coup ? https : //t.co/1q802bMYoJ
Dear President Trump : Do n't give in to spoiled children senators on amnesty
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/tk5o9P4KhF
Trust no one
The 2018 Election Guide from @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/Fwjr3ipZtJ
It 's time to freeze spending & amp ; make the Democrats choke on it
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/QACqU7OwAz
RT @ CRTV : The left-wing media is going wild over claims about @ realDonaldTrump in the new book `` Fire and Fury '' by Michael Wolff .

@ deneenb…
Mark Levin ridicules the Oprah 2020 insanity : ‘ I ’ m for Judge Judy ’ https : //t.co/bGSCdzRObT
The truth about this shady new group of Iran nuke deal 'experts ' https : //t.co/UPAVuKeR3E
Dear President Trump :
Do n't give in to spoiled children senators on amnesty
- @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/tk5o9P4KhF
'Trump bad ! Oprah 2020 ! ’ is the ultimate Hollywood delusion https : //t.co/cPP9flNZxq
WTF MSM ! ? Laying the groundwork for a coup ? https : //t.co/1q802bMYoJ
President Trump : Do n't give in to spoiled children senators on amnesty
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/tk5o9P4KhF
2018 election preview : Trust no one
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/Fwjr3ipZtJ
RT @ CRTV : During one of the entertainment industry ’ s biggest nights since the Hollywood sex scandals came out … NBC outsourced their social…
RT @ CRTV : Dear @ NBC :

We are a young media company and looking for advice .

Let ’ s say we Tweet something , *kinda* controversial ?

Should w…
RT @ CRTV : WATCH : @ mkibbe explains how # RighttoTry is important for patients with less-than-favorable diagnoses :
https : //t.co/EtNjqx9kz5 htt…
RT @ CRTV : Oops ?
¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/Ba8iaGgJyn
RT @ RMConservative : President Trump : Do n't give in to spoiled children senators on amnesty https : //t.co/RztzFuymQd via @ RMConservative
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ dbongino : My mother-in-law came to the US as a legal immigrant and worked hard , taking opportunities in America not ch…
Freeze spending & amp ; make the Democrats choke on it
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/QACqU7OwAz
RT @ CRTV : O , rly ? https : //t.co/5XKadJZXyn
RT @ CRTV : “ We all know the press is under siege. ” -Oprah

Oprah ’ s running , isn ’ t she ?

# GoldenGlobes
RT @ MillerStream : Wait , did @ nbc just use the word `` bitch '' to describe women on the red carpet ? ? # TIMESUP https : //t.co/vrSnFjW8Hw
¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/yJaOuEEWEy
@ Magoonzo @ TheDemocrats # sorrynotsorry
RT @ MillerStream : Seth intros first presenters by saying `` PLEASE do n't be two white dudes . '' Imagine someone begged : `` please do n't be two b…
✝️Christian Women
☦️Orthodox Women
⛪️Catholic Women
👩🏼LDS Women
🧑🏻Evangelical Women
👱🏽‍♀️Married Women
👩🏾‍💼Mothers
👩‍👧‍👦Mothers
👵🏿Grandmothers

Or you know , maybe we should just look at women as equals , not as boxes to check off and elect the best people ? https : //t.co/IGSwQImpBF
RT @ CRTV : 🤔
¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ https : //t.co/drioPAmcJj
RT @ CRTV : Some thoughts on the Fishwrap 's # GoldenGlobes video from @ MichelleMalkin

More from Michelle at CRTV=== & gt ; https : //t.co/jK6FU4U2PI…
RT @ CRTV : # virtuesignaling

How many of them knew and did nothing ? https : //t.co/jzGhkxS17y
Trump 's new drilling policy would fuel economy even more https : //t.co/bH32dXho69
This jobs report stunner is EXACTLY why welfare reform has to start right now https : //t.co/cAye6ntiKv
MUST LISTEN : Mark Levin interviews Hill reporter about major Clinton scoop , partisan bias in the FBI https : //t.co/chXyPTlpPD
Ouch !
Playboy reporter steps on a rake .
@ PressSec makes sure it slams him right in the FACE . https : //t.co/Hq3mbgd5kk
The public deserves to know . There are glaring issues .

@ michellemalkin 's : Pyongyang on the Prairie , Part 3 https : //t.co/wO5aIjnYXC
‘ Trump-Russia ’ is the Left ’ s birther conspiracy

It ’ s the shiny object they can ’ t ignore .
https : //t.co/XX39w8qjb9
New England ’ s absurd energy policy
via Dr. @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/CSQu2b023c
What do you call a bunch of journalists talking about Trump ?

A gaggle of armchair psycho-therapists
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/hEZJcnCBmf
Love your neighbor . Yes , even THAT neighbor
Says @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/ClrghzXRAj
Sen. @ RandPaul wants to end aid to Pakistan https : //t.co/VPKXbbBgeL
WATCH : Nikki Haley puts the Iranian regime on notice https : //t.co/SusKjXVN1I
Assclown Oregon Democrat whines that he 'll skip the SOTU https : //t.co/OFtwfE6yOI
RT @ CRTV : Wow , Slate went full flat Earther . https : //t.co/Ypx5RUX76O
RT @ LevinTV : The Comey-Clinton Cover-Up

Fan of the truth ? You 'll love CRTV : https : //t.co/GB20J0BgAU https : //t.co/DfKkfkrwQ9
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : One of several exciting new shows we 're adding https : //t.co/iwJM3f3j8v
RT @ JimDeMint : Proverbs 26:11 https : //t.co/m0Uyu0Ef05
RT @ CRTV : The NY Times isn ’ t fooling anyone with this # GoldenGlobes video .

@ michellemalkin says it proves they are The Fishwrap of Record.…
Playboy reporter steps on a rake . @ PressSec makes sure it slams him right in the FACE . https : //t.co/Hq3mbfVusM
Assclown Oregon Democrat whines that he 'll skip the SOTU

Will he be the only one ?
https : //t.co/OFtwfE6yOI
RT @ CRTV : SOON : @ WilkowMajority on CRTV !

Sign up now , get access to the entire CRTV platform , and save $ 20 off your subscription === & gt ; Use…
The public deserves to know . There are glaring issues .

@ michellemalkin 's : Pyongyang on the Prairie , Part 3 https : //t.co/wO5aIjnYXC
‘ Trump-Russia ’ is the Left ’ s birther conspiracy

It ’ s the shiny object they can ’ t ignore .
https : //t.co/XX39w8qjb9
New England ’ s absurd energy policy
via Dr. @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/CSQu2b023c
RT @ CRTV : HNY ! @ LevinTV is back and better than ever !

Catch all the new episodes only at CRTV === & gt ;
https : //t.co/Uv0ODDsCa0 https : //t.co/Pu…
What do you call a bunch of journalists talking about Trump ?

A gaggle of armchair psycho-therapists
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/hEZJcnCBmf
RT @ michellemalkin : EB-5 ’ s job creation claims are as phony & amp ; manufactured as fuzzy porkulus math , H-1B lobbyists ’ math , & amp ; corporate welfar…
RT @ michellemalkin : Watch my investigative special on the bipartisan EB-5 boondoggle at @ crtv == & gt ;
https : //t.co/qZl7WFBMqR
# mmi
Love your neighbor . Yes , even THAT neighbor
Says @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/ClrghzXRAj
Sen. @ RandPaul wants to end aid to Pakistan https : //t.co/VPKXbbBgeL
WATCH : Nikki Haley puts the Iranian regime on notice https : //t.co/SusKjXVN1I
Assclown Oregon Democrat whines that he 'll skip the SOTU https : //t.co/OFtwfE6yOI
RT @ CRTV : Is there a connection between # FastandFurious and Jaime Zapata 's murder in Mexico ?

@ MichelleMalkin Investigates the murder of a…
Like a boss .

https : //t.co/SusKjXVN1I
Playboy reporter steps on a rake . @ PressSec makes sure it slams him right in the FACE . https : //t.co/Hq3mbfVusM
Assclown Oregon Democrat whines that he 'll skip the SOTU

Will he be the only one ?
https : //t.co/OFtwfE6yOI
The public deserves to know . There are glaring issues .

@ michellemalkin 's : Pyongyang on the Prairie , Part 3 https : //t.co/wO5aIjnYXC
‘ Trump-Russia ’ is the Left ’ s birther conspiracy

It ’ s the shiny object they can ’ t ignore .
https : //t.co/XX39w8qjb9
New England ’ s absurd energy policy
via Dr. @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/CSQu2b023c
Via @ DavidLimbaugh : many are underestimating Trump supporters https : //t.co/38WT4fDxVI
What do you call a bunch of journalists talking about Trump ?

A gaggle of armchair psycho-therapists
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/hEZJcnCBmf
Love your neighbor . Yes , even THAT neighbor
Says @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/ClrghzXRAj
Sen. @ RandPaul wants to end aid to Pakistan https : //t.co/VPKXbbBgeL
MUST LISTEN : Mark Levin interviews Hill reporter about major Clinton scoop , partisan bias in the FBI https : //t.co/chXyPTlpPD via @ ChrisCPandolfo
WATCH : Nikki Haley puts the Iranian regime on notice https : //t.co/SusKjXVN1I
Assclown Oregon Democrat whines that he 'll skip the SOTU https : //t.co/OFtwfE6yOI
Like a boss .

https : //t.co/SusKjXVN1I
RT @ CRTV : Phil explains the real difference between December 31st and January 1st .

Phil has plenty to say about resolutions , repenting , an…
RT @ CRTV : Every day is another day closer to launch .

Ca n't wait for @ conservmillen on CRTV !

Sign up now and get $ 20 off a full subscript…
The public deserves to know .

@ michellemalkin 's : Pyongyang on the Prairie , Part 3 https : //t.co/wO5aIjnYXC
This glaring problem in the Trump jobs report shows why we need welfare reform https : //t.co/mdCosZAftg
Trump 's new drilling policy would fuel economy even more https : //t.co/bH32dXho69
‘ Trump-Russia ’ is the Left ’ s birther conspiracy https : //t.co/XX39w8qjb9
New England ’ s absurd energy policy
via @ tomborelli
https : //t.co/CSQu2b023c
From @ DavidLimbaugh : Underestimating Trump supporters https : //t.co/38WT4fDxVI
WTF MSM ! ? A gaggle of armchair psycho-therapists
via @ Robeno
https : //t.co/hEZJcnCBmf
Mark @ LevinTV rips ‘ airhead ’ Sen. Cory Gardner for threatening to hold up Trump DOJ nominees https : //t.co/s8lo2eJcXX
RT @ conservazilla : Great podcast yesterday from @ RMConservative . Trump must change the paradigm on immigration in order to keep his promise…
RT @ CRTV : Questions for Jeff Sessions from a Cancer Survivor

Jeff Sessions gave the green light for U.S. attorneys to aggressively enforce…
Love your neighbor . Yes , even THAT neighbor
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/ClrghzXRAj
RT @ michellemalkin : Go on now go , walk out the door ... https : //t.co/wKF7Oveji0
Sen. @ RandPaul will introduce a bill to end aid to Pakistan https : //t.co/VPKXbbBgeL
Playboy reporter steps on a rake . Sarah Sanders makes sure it slams him right in the FACE . https : //t.co/Hq3mbfVusM
Mark Levin rips ‘ airhead ’ Sen. Cory Gardner for threatening to hold up Trump DOJ nominees https : //t.co/s8lo2eJcXX
RT @ BeardlessBro : Great hunt today with my pal Josh from @ CelebrationORL and the Duckmen of La . The lockup freeze of 2018 brought us some d…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : The second deadly worldview : legalism .

Where we fight deception and distortion with deception and distortion , which a…
RT @ CRTV : What would a senator named Mitt Romney look like ? His political track record shows us what we can expect to see : an aggravating , …
RT @ CRTV : The liberal media will always side with anyone who attacks Trump , so now Steve Bannon is a hero in their eyes .

@ LevinTV explain…
Sounds absolutely …

the same as everything . https : //t.co/nHNinQww0a
RT @ dbongino : Don ’ t miss my podcast today where I cover the unbelievable chaos yesterday brought us . Available on iTunes - https : //t.co/jFi…
OUCH !
Playboy reporter steps on a rake . @ PressSec @ SHSanders45 makes sure it slams him right in the FACE .
via @ MillerStream
https : //t.co/Hq3mbfVusM
RT @ LevinTV : The Media Will Love Anyone Who Attacks Trump

Do n't miss the first episode of 2018 ! https : //t.co/GB20J0BgAU https : //t.co/9Zyn0…
RT @ CRTV : It 's a new election year . With at least 39 races for open House seats and some totally flippable Senate seats , we 're headed for a…
Sen. Rand Paul will introduce a bill to end aid to Pakistan https : //t.co/VPKXbbBgeL
WTF MSM ! ? The media treated Reagan the same way https : //t.co/vFcnwcgWEQ
Trump admin . moves to kill Obama-era regs and transform US into 'energy superpower ' https : //t.co/TRjwTmT38H
Freedom Caucus lawmakers : Time for Sessions to go — 'now ' https : //t.co/SlAYtIg1so
It ’ s time to stop counting illegal aliens in the Census https : //t.co/CdFwQrRqiP
Dem refuses to concede after losing lottery drawing in tied Va. election https : //t.co/s10jzf9OSU
You know that ANTIFA handbook Keith Ellison endorsed yesterday ?
Yep . It promotes PHYSICAL VIOLENCE .
@ JordanSchachtel read it , and exposes the WORST PARTS .
https : //t.co/077e7BnSNA
Levin : Trump was channeling Reagan with ‘ nuclear button ’ tweet https : //t.co/jhDu7bO02S
👀🙈 https : //t.co/eH4Pd2MdXe
RT @ marklevinshow : Romney ? Useless .
https : //t.co/JCg424suH0
RT @ RMConservative : The founders gave immigration over to the federal gov't precisely in order to prevent states like modern Cali from floo…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Today 's @ CRTV show -- we begin our look at the 7 deadly worldviews with the origin of the world 's first # FakeNews

htt…
# NuclearButtonGate has the media in a tizzy https : //t.co/mJ7skL0nY9
Mitt Romney is the last person we need in the Senate
Link :
https : //t.co/enp4jAOSdR
Mitt Romney : Not the senator we need , but the senator we deserve
Read :
https : //t.co/jJKg6T8nkB
GROSS !
16 billboards proudly display the horrific depravity of pro-abortion ghouls https : //t.co/0PsU0xi1e1
BuzzFeed : Iconic Iran protest photo from one week ago is 'old '
Read :
https : //t.co/kGt14cFnrA
Here ’ s what the world could look like without the Iranian regime https : //t.co/ARRtqJJ1q1
RT @ CRTV : Obama 's former advisers are firing back at Trump after his show of support for the Iran protesters , but it 's already totally obvi…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : My first column of 2018 -- why me , a former Romney nemesis , could care less about him running for Senate .

And neither…
RT @ RMConservative : @ JordanSchachtel We delved deep into that distinction on our podcast https : //t.co/6hyxYxPsQf
RT @ lohud : # BREAKING : Firefighters responding to a fire at Bill and Hillary Clinton 's house in Chappaqua .
WTF MSM ! ? # NuclearButtonGate has the media in a tizzy https : //t.co/mJ7skL0nY9
RT @ CRTV : Desperation looks ugly on you hunny . https : //t.co/K5JssJF9Mz
Mitt Romney is the last person we need in the Senate https : //t.co/enp4jAOSdR
Mitt Romney : Not the senator we need , but the senator we deserve https : //t.co/jJKg6T8nkB
HOLY MOLY !

# mindblown

🐢💪 https : //t.co/LsZFDAJNo4
🎼🎤🎧
Y'all gon ' make me lose my mind
Up in here , up in here
Y'all gon ' make me go all out
Up in here , up in here
Y'all gon ' make me act a FOOL
Up in here , up in here
Y'all gon ' make me lose my cool
Up in here , up in here 🎼🎧🎤

# EarWorm
If that Trump statement was a Taylor Swift song … what would it be ?

cc :
@ josephkoss @ MrJoshPerry
16 billboards proudly display the horrific depravity of pro-abortion ghouls https : //t.co/0PsU0xi1e1
RT @ CRTV : Politicos at lunch today :
“ I totes think 2018 is gon na be calm , and Trump is gon na settle in . ”

Opens laptop , logs in to Twitter : …
BuzzFeed : Iconic Iran protest photo from one week ago is 'old ' https : //t.co/kGt14cFnrA
RT @ CRTV : Two American special agents on a covert mission inside Mexico . One killed , another injured . Was the mission doomed from the start…
RT @ RMConservative : Read this and you 'll understand why appointing better judges this year will not change the dynamic of judicial tyranny.…
@ CRTV Oh no , you feeling OK over there ?
RT @ Robeno : This may be the most asinine thing ever published at @ buzzfeedben 's website .

https : //t.co/QEvLnQLEc9
RT @ CRTV : “ Trucks and buttons . ”

CNN ’ s new tagline . https : //t.co/uMe1vIGPRi
From @ benshapiro : America 's Left in the grip of insanity https : //t.co/qq5i6woge6
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Here 's how we 're going to be covering the 2018 election for @ CRTV and @ WestwoodOne -- while others are focused on the i…
Read @ michellemalkin : An unfond farewell to un-statesman Orrin Hatch https : //t.co/BVVXnAP2Hc
RT @ foxandfriends : ‘ We are in your home ’ : ISIS terrorist posts selfie from NYC https : //t.co/oDnpZ8Dt5n
Orrin Hatch retires as promised . Is Mitt Romney waiting in the wings ?
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/RLeEmlUTVb
Obama lackeys ’ talking points side with Iran regime over protesters
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/U6LcDxgyMN
The media ’ s abysmal Iranian protest coverage
via @ RobEno
https : //t.co/TUoVYkuUQP
NYT reporter : Trump blocks people on Twitter ! JUST LIKE IRAN https : //t.co/F9F5gkUmMA
Michele Bachmann to run for Franken 's seat ? https : //t.co/ZjL88dLP48
Orrin Hatch retires as promised . Is Mitt Romney waiting in the wings ? https : //t.co/RLeEmlUTVb
RT @ CRTV : President @ RealDonaldTrump jumped at the chance to support Iranians demonstrating for human rights and against government corrupt…
Shot :
https : //t.co/VOheq3eJtP

Chaser :
https : //t.co/D2leW9Xzdh
oh . https : //t.co/bOLRtMSD31
He ’ s running . https : //t.co/l7Wc1CQjeI
😂🤣 https : //t.co/J06BsybcRL
TUNE in tonight to @ TuckerCarlson https : //t.co/R5jNOu6IWa
RT @ tedcruz : Congratulations , @ JusticeWillett ! https : //t.co/FnuY7e9JyV
5 things Trump can do to spark regime change in Iran
via @ RMConservative
https : //t.co/6Wo2tnWPup
Regime-friendly NY Times makes big money selling Iran tours
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/cI2igWBj5y
The Iranian people are the real anti-fascists
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/RXaKAf6YDM
The media ’ s abysmal Iranian protest coverage https : //t.co/TUoVYkuUQP
RT @ CRTV : From the tragically funny to the just plain tragic , let ’ s take a look back at the WORST millennial moments in 2017 .

A millennia…
RT @ CRTV : WATCH TONIGHT :

@ MichelleMalkin on with @ SeanHannity on @ FoxNews at 9pm ET

Watch Michelle on CRTV ==== & gt ;
https : //t.co/E4Frnux2ep…
Hatch
Shuster
Franken

# todayisagoodday
RT @ bhweingarten : Only thing I ’ d add to @ RMConservative ’ s excellent piece on American action re # Iran — look opportunistically for ways to…
5 things Trump can do to spark regime change in Iran https : //t.co/6Wo2tnWPup
RT @ CRTV : This is why people think the NYT and journalists like you are a joke .

Do you not understand how Twitter works ?
Or do you really…
Regime-friendly NY Times makes big money selling Iran tours https : //t.co/cI2igWBj5y
RT @ RMConservative : by using effective tools of statecraft , we can help orchestrate regime change in the one place that actually needs it.…
RT @ dbongino : Caution , the Democrats are getting ready to change “ the narrative ” in 2018 . This , and more , on my podcast today on iTunes : ht…
Obama lackeys ’ talking points side with Iran regime over protesters https : //t.co/U6LcDxgyMN
RT @ CRTV : Today is : January 2 , 2018

Al Franken Senator Status : ✅ Still a member of Congress .
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : About to leave the house for the first time in 3 days . We 're back on @ CRTV tomorrow with something special to start the…
RT @ conservmillen : ( •_• )
& lt ; ) ) ╯healthcare
/ \
\ ( •_• )
( ( & gt ; does n't
/ \
( •_• )
& lt ; ) ) & gt ; involve
/ \

( •_• ) /
& lt ; ) ) murder…
RT @ CRTV : Some of the best parts of — In the Woods with Phil — are the behind the scenes life of folks like @ JaseDuckman and @ @ UncleSi_Elf.…
RT @ PoliticalShort : `` The idea that the # IranProtests are only being driven by 'economic concerns ' is Iranian State propaganda and it 's bein…
=== & gt ; @ michellemalkin : Honoring 2017 's bulldogs https : //t.co/YdS0VJJAdB
The Endnotes Awards 2017🌟🎉🏆

Brought to you by FOOTNOTES :
https : //t.co/Ax83Y8CFsP
These were the year 's top stories https : //t.co/pFXltFqyFX
The top leftist meltdowns and freak-outs of 2017 https : //t.co/lmzNvHQgx9
Newt Gingrich : Republicans will win big in 2018 if they tell the truth https : //t.co/nVRy2aWrak
Everything wrong with toxic charity and welfare statism in a single perfect quote https : //t.co/CdWA63TFnN
Yuge if true ! https : //t.co/NKALoJEUyG
WTF MSM ! ? ‘ Collusion ’ drove a year of # FakeNews https : //t.co/WegV4TYtpR
RT @ CRTV : Is BITCOIN going to the MOON in 2018 or the junk pile ?

@ JeffreyATucker sits down with @ MKibbe to talk blockchain , bitcoin , and t…
Obama lackeys ’ talking points side with Iran regime over protesters
via @ JordanSchachtel
https : //t.co/U6LcDxgyMN
President Trump ’ s 10 best foreign policy moves of 2017 https : //t.co/9dw6mZoBp2
President Trump ’ s 10 worst foreign policy moves of 2017 https : //t.co/K4rQQrAGTw
Court upholds $ 135,000 fine for Christian couple who refused to bake a cake https : //t.co/SVgtpMEGF5
Dirty Dozen : The 12 most insane court rulings of 2017 https : //t.co/ePrJdEzs4d
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
RT @ CRTV : Happy New Year from https : //t.co/M0LckT76xv !

Sign up today and start the year off right ! === & gt ;
https : //t.co/wKxsVOf5ry https : //t.c…
WTF MSM ! ? Funniest # FakeNews of 2017 https : //t.co/4aT4p203zm
RT @ CRTV : Best part of 2018 so far ?

Three new shows coming to CRTV !

Sign up now and get access to the entire CRTV lineup === & gt ;
https : //t.c…
In 2018 , the problem will still be the DEBT
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
https : //t.co/2V5ZwATzel
2017 was not the year of feminism
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/QJybIZfWRa
RT @ CRTV : A worthy # BulldogAward recipient : @ TerriLaPoint of https : //t.co/989wIp187E

@ MichelleMalkin gives # BDAs to the fighters and trail…
RT @ gastonmooney : Happy New Year all !

Lots of great things to come in 2018 from @ CRTV and @ CR
Obama lackeys ’ talking points side with Iran regime over protesters https : //t.co/U6LcDxgyMN
A whole different take on # MAGA

Make Alcohol Great Again — and right away the Left is fear mongering . https : //t.co/rp3JEkWSQp
RT @ michellemalkin : Happy 2018 ! Ringing in the new year on @ foxandfriends at the top of the hour .
Happy New Year

from all of us at https : //t.co/mlRCshle2Q https : //t.co/QZeyCb1Il4
Almost 2018 and shameful Obama lackeys are STILL spewing their dangerous nonsense .

https : //t.co/U6LcDxgyMN
Uhhh ... https : //t.co/TQld3PKzbk
President Trump ’ s 10 best foreign policy moves of 2017 https : //t.co/9dw6mZoBp2
In 2018 , the problem will still be the DEBT
Always the debt ...
https : //t.co/2V5ZwATzel
RT @ CRTV : Look at Iran .
They are dealing with a severe case of a Deadly -ism

@ Mkibbe 's series on the Deadly -isms explains why they are a…
The @ DBongino Show — Ep . 622
The Democrats are Doomed in the Long Term
https : //t.co/GKlbshSGBg
Shameful .

https : //t.co/U6LcDxgyMN
Newt Gingrich : Republicans will win big in 2018 if they tell the truth
Read :
https : //t.co/nVRy2aWrak
RT @ RitaPanahi : If you watch the videos of the protests the people are chanting against the mullahs & amp ; the Islamic republic . They ’ re chantin…
RT @ JordanSchachtel : POTUS is hitting grand slams with Iran messaging . This is how you demonstrate moral authority as the leader of the fre…
RT @ CRTV : Less than a week ago , and barely a peep from the MSM . https : //t.co/wg0IXAcOCn
Everything wrong with toxic charity and welfare statism in a single perfect quote
https : //t.co/CdWA63TFnN
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service
Read :
https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
‘ Collusion ’ drove a year of # FakeNews
WTF MSM ! ? : https : //t.co/WegV4TYtpR
== & gt ; Obama 's lackeys want the Iran protests to fail . Again . The latest from @ JordanSchachtel ...

https : //t.co/U6LcDxgyMN
2017 was not the year of feminism
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/QJybIZfWRa
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
2017 was not the year of feminism https : //t.co/QJybIZfWRa
Court upholds $ 135,000 fine for Christian couple who refused to bake a cake
Read : https : //t.co/SVgtpMEGF5
Everything wrong with toxic charity and welfare statism in a single perfect quote
Read : https : //t.co/CdWA63TFnN
Newt Gingrich : Republicans will win big in 2018 if they tell the truth https : //t.co/nVRy2aWrak
RT @ AP : BREAKING : Iran 's president says people free to protest in first comments since widespread demonstrations began .
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service
Read : https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
RT @ JordanSchachtel : MORE :
WAPO : `` economic woes ''
https : //t.co/CfiIdTCVMR
State-run PRESSTV : `` economic woes ''
https : //t.co/K00gwgr0ux
USA Tod…
@ MAGAisaLie That tweet had one purpose :

A lot of stuff is happening in Iran and it ’ s hard to know EXACTLY what is going on because a totalitarian regime , which was emboldened by the Obama Admin. , has put social media on lock down . While we want to keep folks informed , mistakes are possible .
Importing hate into our country : A national emergency
@ RMConservative — Ep . 177
https : //t.co/IhFuHBBjPZ
@ MAGAisaLie Please point to a tweet where we have not vetted the information ...

We put up a message for transparency and in an abundance of caution , something no MSM outlet does . We are not a NEWS outlet , but a REVIEW outlet . We are going two-steps beyond what any MSM outlet does .
RT @ CRTV : FLASHBACK :
Obama sold out America to Iran ...

Watch @ LevinTV talk about how Iran got to where it is today=== & gt ;
https : //t.co/39JiW…
RT @ JordanSchachtel : US-based Tehran regime lobby NIAC releases a statement on the protests in Iran .

NIAC claims they will work to make s…
Dirty Dozen : The 12 most insane court rulings of 2017
Read :
https : //t.co/ePrJdEzs4d
@ MAGAisaLie CNN , MSNBC , NYT , etc . on the other hand simply put out patently false and incorrect reports treating it as PURE reporting .

e.g . https : //t.co/PosajGi9oF
@ MAGAisaLie Nope , we said it is hard to vet , not that we don ’ t .

`` to appraise , verify , or check for accuracy , authenticity , validity , etc . ”

Again , our follow up tweet said that because the social media lock-down is happening , a lot of these reports are 2nd and 3rd hand .
Take your own advice . https : //t.co/tym0ERY3Nf
@ MAGAisaLie Sorry you can ’ t read well .

We are saying that people TWEETING about an event often have different motives . The follow-up tweet to this explained that the gov ’ t there is shutting down social media as much as possible and first-hand accounts are hard to come by .
This is a developing situation ...
😢 https : //t.co/z6kFQ0tKc6
RT @ CRTV : Then why did you and Obama craft the craptastic # IranDeal that painted them into a corner ? https : //t.co/Mptuq69myF
RT @ CRTV : So when we see Tweets like this one :
https : //t.co/uynqQatyY1

We want to help spread news , but we also know a lot of reports wil…
NB : There are a lot of Tweets coming out of # Iran . We want to help keep you informed , but it is sometimes hard to vet the tweets . Please know that we will do our best , but these situations often have fake tweets , false reports , and trolls .
Yes , Trump is right : Anna Wintour might have been Clinton 's choice for UK ambassador https : //t.co/9qTB7eE42b
RT @ CRTV : The # IranProtests are as much about `` gas prices '' as # Benghazi was about a video tape .

C'mon @ CNN , be better in 2018 please . http…
RT @ CRTV : Somehow non-life created life ? How does that work ?

@ DuckCommanderPR breaks it down easy for you — In the Woods with Phil

Only a…
RT @ AlirezaNader : Khamenei is the focus of # iranprotests ire . His posters are being toppled all over Iran
https : //t.co/sT99pm2etY
RT @ gastonmooney : This is so embarrassing for @ CNN . On par with tabloids and paparazzi . https : //t.co/vYVYxxIemM
RT @ jiwallner : Odd that Mississippi ’ s governor has allegedly ruled out appointing McDaniel to Cochran ’ s Senate seat in the event that it op…
RT @ J_Wade_Miller : Boom ! Just in time to ring in the New Year . @ CRTV @ CR @ marklevinshow @ LevinTV https : //t.co/jxmKUweuSJ
President Trump ’ s 10 worst foreign policy moves of 2017 https : //t.co/K4rQQrSii6
President Trump ’ s 10 best foreign policy moves of 2017 https : //t.co/9dw6mZoBp2
Dirty Dozen : The 12 most insane court rulings of 2017 https : //t.co/ePrJdEzs4d
In 2018 , the problem will still be the DEBT
Always the debt ...
https : //t.co/2V5ZwATzel
The @ DBongino Show — Ep . 622
The Democrats are Doomed in the Long Term
https : //t.co/GKlbshSGBg
Newt Gingrich : Republicans will win big in 2018 if they tell the truth
Read :
https : //t.co/nVRy2aWrak
Everything wrong with toxic charity and welfare statism in a single perfect quote
https : //t.co/CdWA63TFnN
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service
Read :
https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
‘ Collusion ’ drove a year of # FakeNews
WTF MSM ! ? : https : //t.co/WegV4TYtpR
2017 was not the year of feminism
via @ JenKuznicki
https : //t.co/QJybIZfWRa
Court upholds $ 135,000 fine for Christian couple who refused to bake a cake https : //t.co/SVgtpMEGF5
Right ?

Just look at the feed of any MSM Twitter account . https : //t.co/CqEGYCOYUg
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
RT @ CRTV : 3000 gallons of water a minute ! !
In the Woods with Phil — @ DuckCommanderPR

Sign up today , and watch TV in a new way in 2018=== & gt ; …
2017 was not the year of feminism https : //t.co/QJybIZfWRa
RT @ CRTV : No because there was a truck blocking the view !

😂🤣🍨🚚📷 https : //t.co/xY9ePQaZax
Court upholds $ 135,000 fine for Christian couple who refused to bake a cake
Read : https : //t.co/SVgtpMEGF5
Everything wrong with toxic charity and welfare statism in a single perfect quote
Read : https : //t.co/CdWA63TFnN
Why was the fine upheld ?

The courts are out of control :
https : //t.co/SVgtpMEGF5 https : //t.co/XE1lGag2y3
Yes , Trump is right : Anna Wintour might have been Clinton 's choice for UK ambassador https : //t.co/9qTB7eE42b
Newt Gingrich : Republicans will win big in 2018 if they tell the truth https : //t.co/nVRy2aWrak
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service
Read : https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
Importing hate into our country : A national emergency
@ RMConservative — Ep . 177
https : //t.co/IhFuHBBjPZ
Dirty Dozen : The 12 most insane court rulings of 2017
Read :
https : //t.co/ePrJdEzs4d
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Unreal . This is n't even bias but malfeasance . Sensationalism that 's even worse than yellow journalism . Completely and t…
RT @ redsteeze : The section of `` Middle East '' on CNN 's homepage has zero mentions of protests . Zero .
RT @ ArminNavabi : Iranian protesters overwhelm and stop an officer from arresting one of their fellow protestors .
# IranProtests # Iran http…
‘ Collusion ’ drove a year of # FakeNews
WTF MSM ! ? : https : //t.co/WegV4TYtpR
RT @ StateDept : We are following reports of multiple peaceful protests by Iranian citizens . The United States strongly condemns the arrest o…
Dirty Dozen : The 12 most insane court rulings of 2017 https : //t.co/ePrJdEzs4d
# BulldogAwards via @ michellemalkin :
Honoring 2017 's bulldogs https : //t.co/YdS0VJJAdB
Phil ’ s Twitter is : @ DuckCommanderPR https : //t.co/q8mIY27485
RT @ marklevinshow : Trump administration stands with Iranian people

https : //t.co/6HziekUzaH
RT @ statedeptspox : U.S. strongly condemns arrest of peaceful protestors in # Iran , urges all nations to publicly support Iranian people . As…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : You DO NOT want to miss this https : //t.co/FFHc32W3R0
RT @ CRTV : There is a point in every successful revolution is where the FEAR is no longer an attribute of the people , but the mindset of the…
RT @ redsteeze : Just like The Post https : //t.co/wo5SlpX91W
RT @ JordanSchachtel : 1000s are taking to streets in every major Iranian city , calling for end to fanatical regime that rules over them .

Bu…
This is promising . https : //t.co/iKKEA62MQy
Can ’ t WAIT ! https : //t.co/cOtwsTMfFB
RT @ CRTV : The Deadly Isms Series
feat . @ MKibbe

More to come in 2018 ... every month at CRTV

Watch the whole series at CRTV=== & gt ; https : //t…
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service
Read : https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
WTF MSM ! ? Funniest # FakeNews of 2017 https : //t.co/4aT4p203zm
RT @ CRTV : 5 New Year ’ s resolutions Congress needs to make

@ NateMaddenCRTV counts down the Top 5 with you — want more Nate ? ( who does n't ? ) …
Oh hey .

Keep an eye on @ JordanSchachtel ’ s twitter .

( No relation to the ACTUAL state of Jordan . He ’ s a JINO ) https : //t.co/Y74uBchvVq
RT @ CRTV : It ’ s a must watch === & gt ;
https : //t.co/a6nZFRMrh1 https : //t.co/mKv74BGL1M
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : I 'll bake you a cake with love in my heart , but that does n't mean I 'll write whatever you want on it .

Forget politica…
RT @ CRTV : The lady doth protest too much , wethinks .

# AbortionIsMurder https : //t.co/k4cG4CLn12
Newt Gingrich : Republicans will win big in 2018 if they tell the truth https : //t.co/nVRy2aWrak
Yes , Trump is right : Anna Wintour might have been Clinton 's choice for UK ambassador https : //t.co/9qTB7eE42b
Everything wrong with toxic charity and welfare statism in a single perfect quote
Read : https : //t.co/CdWA63TFnN
‘ Collusion ’ drove a year of # FakeNews
WTF MSM ! ? : https : //t.co/WegV4TYtpR
RT @ CRTV : Nothing sends the Left into a bigger frenzy than a tweet from the president . @ MillerStream recaps @ realDonaldTrump 's most epic tw…
Court upholds $ 135,000 fine for Christian couple who refused to bake a cake
Read : https : //t.co/SVgtpMEGF5
2017 was not the year of feminism https : //t.co/QJybIZfWRa
Trump tweet shines light on sad state of US Postal Service https : //t.co/weiIF7O7C9
Court upholds $ 135,000 fine for Christian couple who refused to bake a cake https : //t.co/SVgtpMEGF5
Dirty Dozen : The 12 most insane court rulings of 2017 https : //t.co/ePrJdEzs4d
RT @ instapundit : Now do chromosomes and sex . https : //t.co/meeb4Zq1uh
RT @ CRTV : They said what ? !
Liberals had a bad year in 2017 .
@ DeneenBorelli exposes their go-to playbook moves for when they 're LOSING : Ac…
RT @ CRTV : Flashback :
Phil has a way with words as he weighs in on the Masterpiece Cakeshop case

@ DuckCommanderPR will bake you a cake wi…
President Trump ’ s 10 best foreign policy moves of 2017 https : //t.co/9dw6mZoBp2
WTF MSM ! ? ‘ Collusion ’ drove a year of # FakeNews https : //t.co/WegV4TYtpR
Everything wrong with toxic charity and welfare statism in a single perfect quote https : //t.co/CdWA63TFnN
Yes , Trump is right : Anna Wintour might have been Clinton 's choice for UK ambassador https : //t.co/9qTB7eE42b
Newt Gingrich : Republicans will win big in 2018 if they tell the truth https : //t.co/nVRy2aWrak
Trump and Haley make good on warning , slash UN funding https : //t.co/uz4PY1CHSn
Israel will name new Western Wall train station after President Trump https : //t.co/EuahoPizRZ
The top leftist meltdowns and freak-outs of 2017 https : //t.co/lmzNvHQgx9
AWARDS :
@ michellemalkin : Honoring 2017 's bulldogs https : //t.co/YdS0VJJAdB
These were the year 's top stories https : //t.co/pFXltFqyFX
WTF MSM ! ? What happened to Newsweek ? https : //t.co/QXdgJLzOO4
Melania Trump and the 'Jackson magnolia ' : Why headlines matter https : //t.co/jbFoaq4p9i
RT @ PoliticalShort : Malkin : Honoring 2017 's bulldogs . h/t @ CRTV https : //t.co/aEQTMCtRoW
HORROR : Feds discovered intact human fetuses in 2013 warehouse raid https : //t.co/KBiJq3Crnv
Jerusalem Post : Western Wall train station to be named for President Trump https : //t.co/kUs1LKdfAV
Melania Trump @ FLOTUS and the 'Jackson magnolia ' : Why headlines matter https : //t.co/jbFoaq4p9i
WTF MSM ! ? What happened to Newsweek ? ( Psst ... yes , they are still a thing )
https : //t.co/QXdgJLzOO4
RT @ CRTV : The top 9 most ludicrous lies spewed about President Trump this year
@ MillerStream is here to countdown the laughable tales with…
Sen. @ tedcruz tells Sen. Bernie Sanders to put his money where his mouth is https : //t.co/3Pu7Xrui0S
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
MORE chain migration Islamic terrorism ; more media blackout https : //t.co/cW9YFJa4PT
via @ RMConservative
Yes .
@ benshapiro : Time to defund the United Nations https : //t.co/tOBBoN0kOr
Take a bow : The most unhinged leftist performances of 2017

The Trump era has really brought out the Left ’ s acting… https : //t.co/iGQY5Rntic
The Worst of Mad Maxine 2017
Rep. @ MaxineWaters ' refusal to accept a Trump presidency has devolved into baseless sm… https : //t.co/optWDLH1hX
Donald Trump is Cracking Down on H-1B Visa Fraud BIG TIME

@ RealDonaldTrump is keeping his promise , and the open-bo… https : //t.co/VUSNdfqFtp
RT @ CRTV : We must have # TruckControl NOW !

How many more incidents have to happen ?

@ RobEno is right :
https : //t.co/7rH08XwTgJ https : //t.co…
Melania Trump and the 'Jackson magnolia ' : Why headlines matter https : //t.co/jbFoaq4p9i
RT @ CRTV : Coming SOON !
@ WilkowMajority on CRTV

Sign up using promo code WILKOW20 and receive $ 20 off a year of CRTV and access to the enti…
WTF MSM ! ? What happened to Newsweek ? https : //t.co/QXdgJLzOO4
Sen. @ tedcruz tells Bernie Sanders to put his money where his mouth is https : //t.co/3Pu7XrcGCi
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
MORE chain migration Islamic terrorism ; more media blackout https : //t.co/cW9YFJrFHr
@ LenaDena3 @ benshapiro You hear the voices too ! ? https : //t.co/gvZkkgKLYO
He 's right you know .
@ benshapiro : Time to defund the United Nations https : //t.co/tOBBoN0kOr
RT @ dbongino : Is Trump playing the Democrats for fools ? This and more on my podcast today on iTunes : https : //t.co/jFilTH12SQ
Also on iHeart…
# BulldogAwards via @ michellemalkin :
Honoring 2017 's bulldogs https : //t.co/YdS0VJJAdB
Jerusalem Post : Western Wall train station to be named for President Trump https : //t.co/kUs1LKdfAV
HORROR : Feds discovered intact human fetuses in 2013 warehouse raid https : //t.co/KBiJq3Crnv
@ CRTV Totes Magoats ! 🐐
HAHAHA !

Savage 🔥🔥 https : //t.co/VOeq8Jc6UA
Importing hate into our country — A national emergency
Listen to @ RMConservative - Ep . 177
https : //t.co/IhFuHBBjPZ
The @ Dbongino Show —Ep . 619
A Troubling News Story
LISTEN : https : //t.co/0GE7BsyHcW
Completely . Unhinged . https : //t.co/Qb4DPpmvbq
RT @ CRTV : You are the WORST @ Newsweek — Reality : @ FLOTUS gave final approval for the rotting , dead , and dangerous tree to be removed after…
RT @ BeardlessBro : We had an awesome Christmas with the whole Robertson family and it ’ s always great to catch us with all of our next genera…
RT @ CRTV : Take a bow : The most unhinged leftist performances of 2017

The Trump era has really brought out the Left ’ s acting skills . We too…
Importing hate into our country A national emergency w/ @ RMConservative Ep . 177 https : //t.co/IhFuHBBjPZ
HORROR : Feds discovered intact human fetuses in 2013 warehouse raid .
https : //t.co/KBiJq3Crnv
Done : @ RealDonaldTrump and @ nikkihaley make good on warning , slash UN funding https : //t.co/uz4PY1CHSn
The @ DBongino Show - Ep . 619 A Troubling News Story
https : //t.co/0GE7BsyHcW
MORE chain migration Islamic terrorism ; more media blackout
Link : https : //t.co/cW9YFJa4PT
WTF MSM ! ? Shock and awe as media discovers people will get tax cuts
Link : https : //t.co/3OYlsIpaMN
Welp , @ jaketapper definitively proves 'Die Hard ' is a Christmas movie ... in verse
Link : https : //t.co/dI6iG9IXT3
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
How everyday heroes spent Christmas
https : //t.co/0LxPtBMidx
via @ NateMaddenCRTV
Sen. @ TomCottonAR shreds anti-fact , anti-Trump NYT immigration article
Link : https : //t.co/QuKH7zjKMA
Free speech is under attack every day
Link : https : //t.co/nwdmeXF5t6
via @ tomborelli
¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯

Feds to Vegas shooting victims : ‘ We may never know ’ motive https : //t.co/Dq8u5kij26
From @ DavidLimbaugh : A celebration of life https : //t.co/KKvtD1NyPE
HORROR : Feds discovered intact human fetuses in 2013 warehouse raid https : //t.co/KBiJq3Crnv
RT @ CRTV : The Worst of Mad Maxine 2017
Rep. @ MaxineWaters ' refusal to accept a Trump presidency has devolved into baseless smears and dange…
Trump and Haley make good on warning , slash UN funding https : //t.co/uz4PY1CHSn
MORE chain migration Islamic terrorism ; more media blackout https : //t.co/cW9YFJa4PT
WTF MSM ! ? Shock and awe as media discovers people will get tax cuts https : //t.co/3OYlsIpaMN
Listen to @ Robeno on @ HeraldRadio https : //t.co/ENh6vPDeNP
Welp , @ jaketapper definitively proves 'Die Hard ' is a Christmas movie ... in verse https : //t.co/dI6iG9IXT3
via @ ChrisCPandolfo
How everyday heroes spent this Christmas https : //t.co/0LxPtBMidx
via @ NateMaddenCRTV
Sen. @ TomCottonAR shreds anti-fact , anti-Trump NYT immigration article https : //t.co/QuKH7zjKMA
Free speech is under attack every day https : //t.co/nwdmeXF5t6
via @ tomborelli
Oh , OK. Whatevs .
¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯

Feds to Vegas shooting victims : ‘ We may never know ’ motive https : //t.co/Dq8u5kij26
From @ DavidLimbaugh : A celebration of life https : //t.co/KKvtD1NyPE
RT @ CRTV : Donald Trump is Cracking Down on H-1B Visa Fraud BIG TIME

@ RealDonaldTrump is keeping his promise , and the open-borders lobby , i…
Conservative Christmas list : Which wish-list items did Trump accomplish ? https : //t.co/yIR5dm4x41
RT @ CRTV : One last chance ...

Get CRTV & amp ; a FREE MUG for only $ 79 ...

ENDS TODAY === & gt ; https : //t.co/jI2ZvxANGb https : //t.co/66hBqPgLYX
RT @ CRTV : Conservatives slam @ Mediaite for ‘ lying ' about the @ jennafischer tweets where she was totally wrong about the tax bill . https : //t…
RT @ LevinTV : Do n't miss out on this great holiday special ! https : //t.co/GADl4ZQqX8
RT @ CRTV : Last Chance !

Get CRTV for $ 79 with promo code PHIL20 ( ends TODAY )
and get a FREE @ DuckCommanderPR MUG —

You 'll get In the Wood…
RT @ CRTV : He does n't play the role , but he can sure sing the song .
Listen as @ MikeRoweWorks sings a Christmas song ... that is rather iron…
RT @ JusticeWillett : Christmas Night 1776—

The Revolution seemed doomed .

Then Washington sneaked across the Delaware . https : //t.co/atU0isi…
RT @ CR : Merry Christmas 🎄
from all of us at CR . https : //t.co/JupTulmRVy
RT @ michellemalkin : Here you go : https : //t.co/eshusBkoyA https : //t.co/3cmeyJzHBg
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Merry Christmas ! https : //t.co/GHss49hHd1
For the media : Nothing but coal this Christmas
Link : https : //t.co/ZezcJMpSM4
Conservative Christmas list : Which wish-list items did Trump accomplish ?
Link : https : //t.co/yIR5dlMVFr
WTF MSM ! ? Merry Tax-mas : Media get bonuses due to tax cuts https : //t.co/QssQCeCnrh
When police found 'missing ' son , they stumbled on a secret Christmas plan https : //t.co/SOcfggxaRI
RT @ CRTV : Who ’ s excited about the new @ WilkowMajority show coming to CRTV ?

Sign Up now , use promo code WILKOW20 and save $ 20 off a year ’ s…
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : I hear the angels singing
Hallelujah !
Let the earth receive her king
I know that love has come
Singing it out
Jesus Ch…
How Churchill saved America ’ s Christmas after Pearl Harbor https : //t.co/Keb8qQh1sE
5 acts of Christmas charity that will make you cry tears of joy https : //t.co/jJv2TkRHcs
Economics shows gift cards are n't the 'lazy choice ' https : //t.co/3ss2fCkc9O
This NYC shelter offers the homeless something big gov't can ’ t https : //t.co/o2boLIkelX
Ghost stories at Christmas ? Why you should n't say , 'Bah , humbug ! ' https : //t.co/dwQ7LAd2dX
The wonderful quirkiness of Christmas music https : //t.co/rlny89f7T9
Crystal ball predictions : 2018
via @ SteveDeaceShow
Link : https : //t.co/SSbTL3Ye0I
Merry Christmas 🎄
from all of us at CR . https : //t.co/JupTulmRVy
Trump ’ s Year One stars : Nikki Haley , Ajit Pai , and Scott Pruitt
LINK : https : //t.co/vt2Ri54g4z
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Just a man and his woman musing about Christmas traditions in the little local bakery she created .

Here 's how you can…
RT @ CRTV : Can you imagine if Santa 's workshop was filled with Congress-like critters ?

Here 's a glimpse into what Christmas would look lik…
RT @ CRTV : The Deadly Isms | From Russia with Blood
To mark 100th anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution , @ MKibbe delves into the purest im…
How Churchill saved America ’ s Christmas after Pearl Harbor https : //t.co/Keb8qQh1sE
5 acts of Christmas charity that will make you cry tears of joy https : //t.co/jJv2TkRHcs
Economics shows gift cards are n't the 'lazy choice ' https : //t.co/3ss2fCkc9O
This NYC shelter offers the homeless something big gov't can ’ t https : //t.co/o2boLIkelX
Ghost stories at Christmas ? Why you should n't say , 'Bah , humbug ! ' https : //t.co/dwQ7LAd2dX
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Be happy , happy , happy this Christmas with my new show and the rest of the @ CRTV lineup . https : //t.co/eCsrRK9R81 https…
The wonderful quirkiness of Christmas music https : //t.co/rlny89f7T9
Marco Rubio slams ‘ anti-Americanism ’ of UN ; says it ’ s time to ‘ reevaluate ’ US funding https : //t.co/WbtIF6wS87
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Well , that 's Si 's story and he 's sticking to it ...

Watch more & amp ; get a big discount and a free mug with my mug on it…
Crystal ball predictions : 2018
via @ SteveDeaceShow
https : //t.co/SSbTL3Ye0I
Crystal ball predictions : 2018
via @ SteveDeaceShow
Link : https : //t.co/SSbTL3Ye0I
Trump & amp ; Nikki Haley : US will no longer offer the UN a blank check https : //t.co/tINvL5EYBV
When police found 'missing ' son , they stumbled on a secret Christmas plan https : //t.co/SOcfggxaRI
WTF MSM ! ? Merry Tax-mas : Media get bonuses due to tax cuts https : //t.co/QssQCeCnrh
Trump ’ s Year One stars : Nikki Haley , Ajit Pai , and Scott Pruitt
LINK : https : //t.co/vt2Ri54g4z
@ FritzHayek If anyone can save that situation , he can .
Conservative Christmas list : Which wish-list items did Trump accomplish ?
Link : https : //t.co/yIR5dm4x41
BREAKING : Fire Alarm , Shots Fired At Nakatomi Plaza , reported terrorist situation

For more information and VIDEO tune in here=== & gt ; & gt ; https : //t.co/u1wgFXAXAW
For the media : Nothing but coal this Christmas
Link : https : //t.co/ZezcJMpSM4
RT @ NumbersMuncher : The holidays can be a tough time , especially the next two weeks .

If you need someone to talk to , please call . You 're n…
Marco Rubio slams ‘ anti-Americanism ’ of UN ; says it ’ s time to ‘ reevaluate ’ US funding
Link : https : //t.co/WbtIF6wS87
Listen to The @ dbongino Show Podcast — Ep . 615 Liberals Simply Can not Tell the Truth :
https : //t.co/H2D61f4IjD

Dan talks about the TAX plan and how what you might hear about it could be nothing but LIBERAL Lies . https : //t.co/DHHYUaL53T
Levin : Trump is the most conservative president since Reagan https : //t.co/HCh4lFy9Ta https : //t.co/KAjzMuIjcs
“ Can you hear me now ? '' https : //t.co/AYVehSrTjZ
For the media : Nothing but coal this Christmas https : //t.co/ZezcJMpSM4
Conservative Christmas list : Which wish-list items did Trump accomplish ? https : //t.co/yIR5dm4x41
Trump ’ s Year One stars : Nikki Haley , Ajit Pai , and Scott Pruitt https : //t.co/vt2Ri54g4z
128 nations vote to reject US sovereignty over embassy decisions https : //t.co/JLmAiqxCtU
Marco Rubio slams ‘ anti-Americanism ’ of UN ; says it ’ s time to ‘ reevaluate ’ US funding https : //t.co/WbtIF6wS87
WTF MSM ! ? Merry Tax-mas : Media get bonuses due to tax cuts https : //t.co/QssQCeCnrh
Thad Cochran , RINO-Mississippi , may finally retire https : //t.co/SDM1xa51Rk
RT @ Gavin_McInnes : This week ’ s # GOML podcast is “ How to Pick Up Chicks. ” Subscribe on apple podcasts / Google play . https : //t.co/7Dv8vhP2aD
$ BTC $ LTC $ ETH https : //t.co/N61DdGaHY6
RT @ dbongino : The grotesque attacks on Nikki Haley provide more evidence that many far-Leftists are :
1 ) hardcore racists & amp ;
2 ) resolutely an…
# BeerMoney https : //t.co/a8r42J1p7F
Chai Feldblum : Trump ’ s worst nomination so far https : //t.co/I4tXLO7n7J
# Tolerance on the Left , or something .

He ’ s just jealous that Nikki is better at her job than Samantha Power and Susan Rice combined !

See : https : //t.co/tINvL5EYBV https : //t.co/nvRG2XGSgs
Sen. Tim Scott SHUTS DOWN racist liberal https : //t.co/GuF7yYDEdC
After tax cuts … big spending increases ? https : //t.co/B01zaYu33v
The Trump tax cuts are ALREADY raising wages https : //t.co/I9w1mpSd8c
When police found 'missing ' son , they stumbled on a secret Christmas plan https : //t.co/SOcfggxaRI
RT @ MaryVought : Check out the pieces I 've written . I have a child with special needs and I would adopt another . Just like the many other Am…
RT @ CRTV : Now that winter is here , nothing sounds better than curling up and watching some IN THE WOODS WITH PHIL — starring @ DuckCommander…
WTF MSM ! ? Surviving the Tax-pocalypse https : //t.co/a3kvEcjWmt
Trump & amp ; Nikki Haley : US will no longer offer the UN a blank check https : //t.co/tINvL5EYBV
Why it ’ s indefensible for liberals to oppose this progressive tax bill https : //t.co/rSm6p0lCrl
😂🤣 https : //t.co/swd1SnxSle
RT @ michellemalkin : # AiringofGrievances is officially today , but that 's been the lib Beltway media *every single day* of 2017 .
# HappyFesti…
== & gt ; @ michellemalkin : Time for Trump makeover of lib NPR and PBS https : //t.co/QoMMYaJn7c
RT @ CNBC : BREAKING : President Trump signs GOP tax bill into law https : //t.co/IutWbX6X3v
Crystal ball predictions : 2018
via @ SteveDeaceShow
Link : https : //t.co/SSbTL3Ye0I
== & gt ; @ benshapiro : Does yes ever mean yes ? https : //t.co/EpNckJOj8Y
RT @ CRTV : Christmas is the very last day to use promo code PHIL20 to get $ 20 off a year of CRTV 's lineup of exclusive , online-only shows fe…
RT @ CRTV : Deadly Isms — From Russia with Blood

Ever wonder why communist protesters show up at rallies with clubs and masks ? It 's because…
For the media : Nothing but coal this Christmas https : //t.co/ZezcJMpSM4
Conservative Christmas list : Which wish-list items did Trump accomplish ? https : //t.co/yIR5dm4x41
Trump ’ s Year One stars : Nikki Haley , Ajit Pai , and Scott Pruitt https : //t.co/vt2Ri54g4z
128 nations vote to reject US sovereignty over embassy decisions https : //t.co/JLmAiqxCtU
Marco Rubio slams ‘ anti-Americanism ’ of UN ; says it ’ s time to ‘ reevaluate ’ US funding https : //t.co/WbtIF6wS87
WTF MSM ! ? Merry Tax-mas : Media get bonuses due to tax cuts https : //t.co/QssQCeCnrh
Thad Cochran , RINO-Mississippi , may finally retire https : //t.co/SDM1xa51Rk
Chai Feldblum : Trump ’ s worst nomination so far https : //t.co/I4tXLO7n7J
Vote Alert : Tax Cut for America https : //t.co/hOCJUXg4o5
Sen. Tim Scott SHUTS DOWN racist liberal https : //t.co/GuF7yYDEdC
After tax cuts … big spending increases ? https : //t.co/B01zaYu33v
The Trump tax cuts are ALREADY raising wages https : //t.co/I9w1mpSd8c
When police found 'missing ' son , they stumbled on a secret Christmas plan https : //t.co/SOcfggxaRI
WTF MSM ! ? Surviving the Tax-pocalypse https : //t.co/a3kvEcjWmt
Trump & amp ; Nikki Haley : US will no longer offer the UN a blank check https : //t.co/tINvL5EYBV
Why it ’ s indefensible for liberals to oppose this progressive tax bill https : //t.co/rSm6p0lCrl
== & gt ; @ michellemalkin : Time for Trump makeover of lib NPR and PBS https : //t.co/QoMMYaJn7c
Crystal ball predictions : 2018
via @ SteveDeaceShow
Link : https : //t.co/SSbTL3Ye0I
RT @ CRTV : Representatives and senators revealed what they REALLY want for Christmas — and which Capitol Hill critters deserve coal in their…
== & gt ; @ benshapiro : Does yes ever mean yes ? https : //t.co/EpNckJOj8Y
RT @ scrowder : Thanks to everyone for watching . We made it ! Here ’ s the final segment of A YouTube Carol . Merry Christmas !

# CrowderCNNLives…
RT @ scrowder : Hey , look who ’ s calling ! It ’ s @ RealDeanCain

# CrowderCNNLivestream https : //t.co/pMPz5lmSFX https : //t.co/2mNfn7Manz
RT @ CRTV : For those at # SAS and elsewhere asking about @ conservmillen ’ s videos and new CRTV show … it is coming in January .

If you SIGN U…
RT @ conservmillen : Lots of people at SAS asked me when I 'm going to start making videos again ( sorry ! ! ) . I have sooooooo many videos coming…
128 nations vote to reject US sovereignty over embassy decisions
LINK : https : //t.co/JLmAiqxCtU
RT @ CRTV : Tonight 's @ LevinTV is totally FREE ! !

It is part of Mark 's end of the year series !

Go watch now=== & gt ;
https : //t.co/79JaVjZEyi http…
Vote Alert : Tax Cut for America https : //t.co/hOCJUXg4o5
Chai Feldblum : Trump ’ s worst nomination so far https : //t.co/I4tXLO7n7J
Thad Cochran , RINO-Mississippi , may finally retire https : //t.co/SDM1xa51Rk
WTF MSM ! ? Merry Tax-mas : Media get bonuses due to tax cuts
LINK : https : //t.co/QssQCeCnrh
The spending bill 'punt ' is a strategic win for the GOP
LINK : https : //t.co/f1JQ6fjzo9
# AMAZING https : //t.co/HKdZhWj0YB
RT @ CRTV : 🤮🤮🤮
that ’ s disgusting @ DeaceProducer https : //t.co/AEfRuYMSRQ
Marco Rubio slams ‘ anti-Americanism ’ of UN ; says it ’ s time to ‘ reevaluate ’ US funding
Link : https : //t.co/WbtIF6wS87
128 nations vote to reject US sovereignty over embassy decisions https : //t.co/JLmAiqxCtU
Trump ’ s Year One stars : Nikki Haley , Ajit Pai , and Scott Pruitt https : //t.co/vt2Ri54g4z
Conservative Christmas list : Which wish-list items did Trump accomplish ? https : //t.co/yIR5dm4x41
RT @ CRTV : Wut ! ?

# CrowderCNNLivestream https : //t.co/xXOJdSnyKz
A GREAT AND GLORIOUS THING…*

( * 3 out of 5 dentists agree with this statement ) #

( # no dentists were harmed in this endorsement ) https : //t.co/GJiUKwDOzr
For the media : Nothing but coal this Christmas https : //t.co/ZezcJMpSM4
RT @ CRTV : Finally . https : //t.co/6TCFlrBYYV
😂🤣 https : //t.co/KlWm6OjzgW
WTF MSM ! ? Merry Tax-mas : Media get bonuses due to tax cuts https : //t.co/QssQCeCnrh
You need to be watching # CrowderCNNLivestream https : //t.co/0xgF0AP7uh
Why are the @ HouseDemocrats trying to # Shutdown2017 the gov ’ t ? https : //t.co/as2w6MoHWx
RT @ scrowder : Joined by Mrs Crowder ! Today is full of surprises . Like wimpish singers who hate me !

# CrowderCNNLivestream https : //t.co/pMPz…
The spending bill 'punt ' is a strategic win for the GOP https : //t.co/f1JQ6fjzo9
RT @ Gavin_McInnes : Tonight 's # GOML is shot at home where I go through the top 100 books you should read over the holidays . Forgot to mentio…
Marco Rubio slams ‘ anti-Americanism ’ of UN ; says it ’ s time to ‘ reevaluate ’ US funding https : //t.co/WbtIF6wS87
RT @ JordanSchachtel : Some stats :
-Only 3 Cent American countries voted yes .
-8 Caribbean nations chose not to vote for it .
-But every coun…
Still going strong !

# CrowderCNNLivestream https : //t.co/PxGBM7dQyk
Oh dear …

# CrowderCNNLivestream https : //t.co/aGRNxxPnJ4
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : I 'm not anti-technology . I 'm into technology , but I 've got ta pick my devices ...

Use passcode PHIL20 to watch my new…
🔥

# ToleranceontheLeft
# NewTone https : //t.co/sO7xRTEbcU
RT @ PoliticalShort : On one hand we have the ACLU fighting to create a constitutional right for illegal aliens to obtain abortions . On the o…
You have to see the # CrowderCNNLivestream —
https : //t.co/8izKUn2duT

Or at least a RT to get the # Hashtag trending WORLDwide ; ) https : //t.co/A44UXGrLYx
Prophets are never respected in their own time . https : //t.co/Cqj8FVTOaI
RT @ CRTV : Rosie was rightfully mocked after trying to illegally bribe two U.S . Senators to vote against the tax bill .

# FIFY https : //t.co…
RT @ dbongino : A kooky liberal told you this tax plan was for “ the rich ” ? Listen to my podcast today on iTunes : https : //t.co/jFilTH12SQ
Also…
After tax cuts … big spending increases ? https : //t.co/B01zaYu33v
Sen. Tim Scott SHUTS DOWN racist liberal https : //t.co/GuF7yYDEdC
Chai Feldblum : Trump ’ s worst nomination so far https : //t.co/I4tXLO7n7J
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : My annual top 10 predictions for the New Year . For @ CR

https : //t.co/2VqjLFA42f
Wonder how much we could get if we kicked the UN out of NYC and developed a hotel there ?

# justsayin https : //t.co/wVhSnYzFG3
When police found 'missing ' son , they stumbled on a secret Christmas plan
Link : https : //t.co/SOcfggxaRI
Vote Alert : Tax Cut for America https : //t.co/hOCJUXg4o5 https : //t.co/j3sDpoQv3l
RT @ CRTV : 🔥👀

@ WikowMajority ’ s show is going to be FANTASTIC .

Sign Up now and use WILKOW20 to get $ 20 off your subscription === & gt ; https : //t…
Her overall silence on the tax bill and the way CHIP funding is being used as a political football is deafening .

I wonder how teenagers can stomach listening to her amazingly catchy and fun songs , knowing she remains complicit via her silence … https : //t.co/yeGu3y5Fi6
The shadows prove the sunshine . https : //t.co/2lbn1J3lxu
Being # Boss https : //t.co/H8DgLN47To
RT @ scrowder : NOW A YouTube Carol ! TUNE IN !

# CrowderCNNLivestream https : //t.co/pMPz5lmSFX https : //t.co/FeDFAmUn8P
Wow .

The Senate is going to look VERY VERY different . https : //t.co/MmHVq1OAIy
He is LIVE ... https : //t.co/nq2DtoRWSu
RT @ CRTV : Washington gets SCREWIER AND SCREWIER !
What a cesspool — this is going to make your BLOOD boil ...

Illegal aliens get more serv…
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : They asked me , `` Phil , is Die Hard a Christmas movie ? '' So I told 'em my answer ... https : //t.co/vjLTgGAIoJ
Live NOW on Facebook :

The @ SteveDeaceShow ’ s # 200thepisode

Watch now :
https : //t.co/30qyJzw70B https : //t.co/nHfBAsuxwr
RT @ CRTV : Happy Holidays 🎉 & amp ; MERRY CHRISTMAS ! 🎄
from CRTV

Use promo code MERRY20
to get $ 20 off your subscription to CRTV and a FREE host…
RT @ CRTV : The Silicon Valley speech overlords at Twitter are shuttering accounts that they believe promote “ hate speech ” — and they ’ re off…
🌈✨✨✨💫⭐️
# TheMoreYouKnow https : //t.co/sil2p26fI7
We . Ca n't . Breathe .

This clip from @ dbongino 's show is AMAZING .

Never thought we 'd say this , but thank you for this , @ BernieSanders . Thank you .

Listen to more of The Dan Bongino Show here == & gt ; https : //t.co/4T22CNCaEW https : //t.co/bwOofOA4jv
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Tonight . 8 PM ET on my Facebook page .
https : //t.co/7N5MO8Jn7u https : //t.co/y6ZdtX3wKD
=== & gt ; @ benshapiro : Does yes ever mean yes ? https : //t.co/EpNckJOj8Y https : //t.co/GcXulunu5F
You 've got ta listen to the Dems favorite talking point about the TAX PLAN from @ dbongino

We have the episode queued up to the right point , but listen to the entire thing ! === & gt ; Ep . 616 The Most Disturbing Article Ive Read This Year https : //t.co/eb3wTWYHCD https : //t.co/eLbQJGCf8N
When police found ‘ missing ’ son , they stumbled on a secret Christmas plan

https : //t.co/SOcfggxaRI
🐸🍵 https : //t.co/awiC7iuDaW
This Tweets aged as well as … milk sitting on a picnic table

… in the hot July sun . https : //t.co/hdYZpYqq4c
She ’ s a phenomenal skier ! https : //t.co/8HhbOV30Dr
RT @ NRATV : “ I have a very serious problem with a series of laws that are designed as obstacles. ” @ DBongino slams the bureaucratic process t…
This reminds us of a 3-year-old ’ s tantrum .

NO ! I WANT I WANT I WANT ! https : //t.co/W39WJVGs7M
🇺🇸🇮🇱 https : //t.co/ikgi3GGLLv
👀 https : //t.co/0ZKq2XaG6L
🧐 https : //t.co/qnGBxeLoL1
RT @ gastonmooney : Question from @ SavannahGuthrie shows lack of understanding of economics . $ from tax cut doesnt just sit even if it goes 2…
Listen to The @ dbongino Show Podcast — Ep . 615 Liberals Simply Can not Tell the Truth :
https : //t.co/H2D61fmjbb

Dan talks about the TAX plan and how what you might hear about it could be nothing but LIBERAL Lies . https : //t.co/WW8pFqksz8
Despite media lies , polling shows broad support for policies in GOP tax bill https : //t.co/G9ZLVzV9a2 https : //t.co/eWU4r7dMGN
WTF MSM ! ? Another jihadi human interest story https : //t.co/hcvz2BhAyG https : //t.co/MetNuWeEDm
Court commands Trump admin to continue Obama contraception policy https : //t.co/MLobpHeYPg
via @ RMConservative https : //t.co/7RdqchzWxQ
Trump 's Reaganesque National Security Strategy burns down Obama ’ s sacred cows https : //t.co/NoeFS2Ua0f https : //t.co/HE0NL7McRY
WTF MSM ! ? Dreaming of a red Christmas https : //t.co/tMtznD1FCy https : //t.co/x24n5pYUdO
Levin : Trump is the most conservative president since Reagan https : //t.co/HCh4lFy9Ta https : //t.co/870N2t0VIy
RT @ CRTV : Here we go again .
The spendaholics in DC and the liberal media never let a crisis go to waste .

@ MichelleMalkin explains how the…
Are the climate change meddlers coming for your burger ? https : //t.co/4gTUReH0gT https : //t.co/OItOnAtXFb
== & gt ; @ michellemalkin : Pyongyang on the prairie , Part 2 https : //t.co/vb2gVarVAL https : //t.co/n4F1dTgVqn
The tolerant Left . https : //t.co/PqdcoGbQ9g
Listen to The @ dbongino Show Podcast — Ep . 615 Liberals Simply Can not Tell the Truth :
https : //t.co/H2D61f4IjD

Dan talks about the TAX plan and how what you might hear about it could be nothing but LIBERAL Lies . https : //t.co/SFpU000vUo
Despite media lies , polling shows broad support for policies in GOP tax bill https : //t.co/G9ZLVzV9a2 https : //t.co/7PxTOzSFZM
WTF MSM ! ? Another jihadi human interest story https : //t.co/hcvz2BhAyG https : //t.co/BFjaCg8FLd
Court commands Trump admin to continue Obama contraception policy https : //t.co/MLobpHeYPg
via @ RMConservative https : //t.co/WDVXIfIKsC
Trump 's Reaganesque National Security Strategy burns down Obama ’ s sacred cows https : //t.co/NoeFS2Ua0f https : //t.co/7btpyTiZxB
WTF MSM ! ? Dreaming of a red Christmas https : //t.co/tMtznD1FCy https : //t.co/GvSEm723bv
RT @ CRTV : Today , @ NateMaddenCRTV spoke with @ SenTedCruz about a a provision in the tax bill that gives parents more control over their chil…
Levin : Trump is the most conservative president since Reagan https : //t.co/HCh4lFy9Ta https : //t.co/kc2e8R0iUW
Are the climate change meddlers coming for your burger ? https : //t.co/4gTUReH0gT https : //t.co/L8LEB5uAk2
RT @ CRTV : From this :
https : //t.co/9OjjsEywoZ
It appears @ JusticeWillett agrees with :
@ LevinTV @ SteveDeaceShow @ DuckCommanderPR @ MKibbe @ D…
== & gt ; @ michellemalkin : Pyongyang on the prairie , Part 2 https : //t.co/vb2gVarVAL https : //t.co/3Ludjq8mJa
RT @ CRTV : & gt ; & gt ; @ DuckCommanderPR has a way with words as he weighs in on the Masterpiece Cakeshop case before the SCOTUS
He will bake you a ca…
What our immigration system really looks like https : //t.co/IQFX6ZEHBk https : //t.co/oXU11U4L41
RT @ scrowder : Open letter = & gt ; Dear Hollywood : Stop Feminizing All the Guy Things ~ @ Courtneyscoffs https : //t.co/vKU7AIos51
Hypocrite Sally Yates lectures Americans on 'the rule of law ' https : //t.co/Eem6AcdBe7 https : //t.co/sVq2CNfwsM
Virginia Democrats tie GOP for control of legislature after ONE VOTE swings election https : //t.co/mjuPjnCIw8 https : //t.co/sO0Wylzr77
RT @ SteveDeaceShow : Today 's @ CRTV show -- the conclusion of our 2-part year end awards .

https : //t.co/yef3yuS7lH
😎😍 https : //t.co/wiFPgCnJPf
RT @ SenTedCruz : Thank you @ NateMaddenCRTV for having me as a guest on @ CRTV to discuss my Student Opportunity Amendment , which allows paren…
RT @ CRTV : A provision in the GOP # taxbill gives parents a lot more control over their children ’ s education and the anti-freedom crowd is up…
Listen to The @ dbongino Show Podcast — Ep . 615 Liberals Simply Can not Tell the Truth :
https : //t.co/H2D61f4IjD

Dan talks about the TAX plan and how what you might hear about it could be nothing but LIBERAL Lies . https : //t.co/sxZ1cLdDzQ
Despite media lies , polling shows broad support for policies in GOP tax bill https : //t.co/G9ZLVzV9a2 https : //t.co/b66DTzzq9P
WTF MSM ! ? Another jihadi human interest story https : //t.co/hcvz2BhAyG https : //t.co/toRCQXCLvA
Court commands Trump admin to continue Obama contraception policy https : //t.co/MLobpHeYPg
via @ RMConservative https : //t.co/tMNUw8fzc5
Trump 's Reaganesque National Security Strategy burns down Obama ’ s sacred cows https : //t.co/NoeFS2Ua0f https : //t.co/Sonwhwww8F
WTF MSM ! ? Dreaming of a red Christmas https : //t.co/tMtznD1FCy https : //t.co/39eIw2SQuJ
RT @ RMConservative : Just 4 % of green cards issued to new arrivals last year were based on some skill or merit https : //t.co/ZUq6R9jBbi
RT @ NateMaddenCRTV : And here ... we ... go ! https : //t.co/8h3F9Mr7q7
Levin : Trump is the most conservative president since Reagan https : //t.co/HCh4lFy9Ta https : //t.co/ou7mjYkHog
Are the climate change meddlers coming for your burger ? https : //t.co/4gTUReH0gT https : //t.co/XMITRL9nWA
RT @ CRTV : Join @ SteveDeaceShow for his Christmas/200th episode special
Wednesday night at 8 PM ET on Facebook Live

For more Deace === & gt ;
h…
== & gt ; @ michellemalkin : Pyongyang on the prairie , Part 2 https : //t.co/vb2gVarVAL https : //t.co/Fo7ve7N7eP
What our immigration system really looks like https : //t.co/IQFX6ZEHBk https : //t.co/QkfgDD2lde
Hypocrite Sally Yates lectures Americans on 'the rule of law ' https : //t.co/Eem6AcdBe7 https : //t.co/EjMulwMBUq
RT @ scrowder : Coming up THURSDAY : tune in to our HUGE 16 hour CNN livestream # LwC and the World premier of full mini-series `` A Youtube Caro…
Of course . https : //t.co/PdSEaGnIRn
RT @ CRTV : Is 'Die Hard ' a Christmas movie ?
We got some of your favorite https : //t.co/M0LckSPvFX hosts to give their opinion .

Also , we thi…
@ XtoecutterX 😱
@ benshapiro knees weak , arms are heavy ?
@ mamaswati # ConservativeTwitterAfterDarkMovieDebates is the BEST Twitter .
1 ) John Wick
2 ) Point Break
3 ) Matrix [ Higher if they made sequels ]
4 ) Bill and Ted ’ s
5 ) Speed
6 ) Youngblood https : //t.co/5SBQNdHbM3
RT @ CRTV : Is 'Die Hard ' a Christmas movie ?

@ LevinTV says that 's a pretty dumb question .
And you have to see what @ DuckCommanderPR thinks…
There it is : Democrats now want Al Franken to stay https : //t.co/DTWbDSH5HW https : //t.co/pRldiBfkII
Net neutrality is dead . Long live the internet https : //t.co/oECONShjml https : //t.co/gVPY4XrVhy
Marco Rubio & amp ; Ted Cruz : Political reality vs. real conservatism ? https : //t.co/1ZJE9nn354
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/sd5dUKqXGj
Court commands Trump admin to continue Obama contraception policy https : //t.co/MLobpHeYPg
via @ RMConservative https : //t.co/eB8Ojr26yO
RT @ CRTV : Who is excited about @ WilkowMajority joining CRTV ?

Sign Up NOW and get a $ 20 discount off a year subscription=== & gt ;
https : //t.co/F…
Trump 's Reaganesque National Security Strategy burns down Obama ’ s sacred cows https : //t.co/NoeFS2Ua0f https : //t.co/T6oPwcH92Q
WTF MSM ! ? Dreaming of a red Christmas https : //t.co/tMtznD1FCy https : //t.co/xqKGy8AQkH
West Coast Amtrak derailed , killing several ; photos show devastation https : //t.co/KVYXEyFXcW https : //t.co/o5uUIRLkkn
Are the climate change meddlers coming for your burger ?
Link : https : //t.co/4gTUReH0gT https : //t.co/v4Kwt41EEK
Levin : Trump is the most conservative president since Reagan https : //t.co/HCh4lFy9Ta https : //t.co/d1VESGIqkn
== & gt ; @ michellemalkin : Pyongyang on the prairie , Part 2 https : //t.co/vb2gVarVAL https : //t.co/1osqROLv66
🙈 https : //t.co/wOuQuAXPBh
Are the climate change meddlers coming for your burger ? https : //t.co/4gTUReH0gT https : //t.co/DdE1jM3xPa
West Coast Amtrak derailed , killing several ; photos show devastation https : //t.co/KVYXEyFXcW https : //t.co/dTcdGyfF9X
WTF MSM ! ? Dreaming of a red Christmas https : //t.co/tMtznD1FCy https : //t.co/WdAlMayLyx
Trump 's Reaganesque National Security Strategy burns down Obama ’ s sacred cows https : //t.co/NoeFS2Ua0f https : //t.co/Ntm1FZBiz8
RT @ michellemalkin : Franken Privilege ( extra eggnog for y'all who get my pun ) == & gt ; https : //t.co/28MhbcjFvX
Dear UN :

https : //t.co/kRpVpfQOhl https : //t.co/alBwUvIbkl
Court commands Trump admin to continue Obama contraception policy https : //t.co/MLobpHeYPg
via @ RMConservative https : //t.co/BSvWBcNMDM
RT @ dbongino : Don ’ t miss my podcast today for a thorough debunking of the latest liberal nonsense .
iTunes : https : //t.co/jFilTH12SQ
Also on…
RT @ CRTV : Oh look , @ Gavin_McInnes ' podcast is featured in this article about the supremacy of Podcasts in 2017 :
https : //t.co/ktaeRGtOpy

Di…
RT @ RMConservative : Next hour i will have the author of the @ NeutralTax proposal on my show https : //t.co/S72HBDF5zK . Tweet me your questi…
Marco Rubio & amp ; Ted Cruz : Political reality vs. real conservatism ? https : //t.co/1ZJE9nEDWC
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/Y6T4G7shbZ
Oh wait , he didn ’ t resign yet ?

😒😤🤔🙄
Gee , makes us wonder if this was some sort of political theater … https : //t.co/zVBXBE8gNf
Net neutrality is dead . Long live the internet https : //t.co/oECONShjml https : //t.co/z1z5NBvuHM
RT @ NumbersMuncher : Chick-Fil-A is n't even open on Sundays and yet they immediately jumped in to help stranded passengers in Atlanta - and…
Advocacy media gone wild : CNN implodes and Megyn Kelly promotes Trump accusers — The Buzz w/ @ deneenborelli https : //t.co/J1betGszP3 https : //t.co/3YIGPPuN4v
RT @ CRTV : Your Favorite Christmas Carols Are Offensive
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer is actually a subversive , homophobic , hateful screed…
RT @ CRTV : Dear Democrats : Quit using women for votes

Desperate times call for pathetic measures by Democrats . The latest tactic by the Dem…
WHERE is Congress on the court ’ s ( self- ) mutilation & amp ; castration of the military ? https : //t.co/WlHsevggfU https : //t.co/bDGkJfefOz
The media ’ s anti-Trump crusade is backfiring ...

by @ tomborelli

https : //t.co/8TpC3ve3hf https : //t.co/Tt5n2wPM57
Diversity visa lottery + chain migration = A COMPLETE disaster for US immigration & amp ; security https : //t.co/wHHTTswt8X https : //t.co/CFWIe7qP0W
Is the fake news media getting played ? — The @ dbongino Show Ep612 https : //t.co/hYwHHu1WRW https : //t.co/zR0M540z3Y
WATCH : @ michellemalkin says we hand out visas like candy .
This 'politically correct insanity ' MUST end https : //t.co/45Q1YuP6yc https : //t.co/A8oJcoh5yh
Is there hope in the battle against baby-killers ? https : //t.co/Mv3x4gK7kz
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/sjqSBAUPTw
Levin DEMOLISHES Lisa Bloom ’ s underground effort to derail Trump https : //t.co/EThXpfCmIG https : //t.co/x8001KNpxX
Net neutrality is dead . Long live the internet https : //t.co/oECONShjml https : //t.co/8eH95zc3s7
NYT : Anti-Mueller ‘ drunks … ticking off their conspiracy theories ’ https : //t.co/k2MjNctio8 https : //t.co/RNrMmX8uRT
First pizza , now wings : NFL protests blamed for falling sales https : //t.co/nFcIQX1Fj7 https : //t.co/utZaBTSId8
& gt ; & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : GOP need n't despair about Alabama https : //t.co/hi4dqWR1sL https : //t.co/kVwshkrXQ3
Why Marco Rubio is dead wrong on taxes https : //t.co/u5Mf5O4UQ9 https : //t.co/iE6jgydrSD
Progressivism is a cult : Reminder 4,629

Link : https : //t.co/caLdDIWlvO https : //t.co/lxaUMTAioi
Progressivism is a cult : Reminder 4,629 https : //t.co/caLdDIWlvO https : //t.co/lbuv8oRW3y
Levin : ‘ Progressivism is the bastard child of Marxism ’ https : //t.co/283UWxV8cu https : //t.co/z2jsAs9vbE
OMB Director Mulvaney explains how Trump SMASHED the 2-for-1 deregulation goal https : //t.co/WFkbDMyuSL https : //t.co/wA2xtqA1vU
Conservatoons : An FBI makeover https : //t.co/wULApvPcY7 https : //t.co/4XRtHOGguA
Mark Levin rips Sen. Gillibrand as a ‘ fraud ’ and ‘ chameleon ’ https : //t.co/MWmqd7nBrG https : //t.co/Z1zMDFFYJg
A big win yesterday for small government — The @ dbongino Show Ep613 https : //t.co/fKsVz1OiDS https : //t.co/Kj87en2lB2
'Scathing audit ' of Mass . agency that held Justina Pelletier in medical kidnapping case https : //t.co/wovYG6oOP6
via @ Robeno

For more on this case Watch the full @ michellemalkin investigation at CRTV :
https : //t.co/BavyoPo9TI
RT @ AriFleischer : This is among the reasons we are a polarized country . When the NYT and WP don ’ t even disclose the existence of that text , …
OMB Director Mulvaney explains how Trump SMASHED the 2-for-1 deregulation goal https : //t.co/WFkbDMyuSL https : //t.co/pxAXSJz9Au
Radical Islamic activists will march against Trump in DC this weekend https : //t.co/t9wIyMMmJx https : //t.co/rhxOU27T4J
Levin : ‘ Progressivism is the bastard child of Marxism ’ https : //t.co/283UWxDwNU https : //t.co/Ol8cqwqOAm
King Mitch is the star of the stupidest show on Earth https : //t.co/NG8iq9zmSi https : //t.co/gXhmN0GaPI
Progressivism is a cult : Reminder 4,629 https : //t.co/caLdDIWlvO https : //t.co/pKgcHq8zd3
Why Marco Rubio is dead wrong on taxes https : //t.co/u5Mf5O4UQ9 https : //t.co/USlW2nq377
Limbaugh : GOP need n't despair about Alabama https : //t.co/hi4dqWR1sL https : //t.co/18rOvDe1Ox
First pizza , now wings : NFL protests blamed for falling sales https : //t.co/nFcIQX1Fj7 https : //t.co/wXLNzRDZIv
NYT : Anti-Mueller ‘ drunks … ticking off their conspiracy theories ’ https : //t.co/k2MjNctio8 https : //t.co/a4MHSFXPPn
RT @ CRTV : Your Favorite Christmas Carols Are Offensive
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer is actually a subversive , homophobic , hateful screed…
Net neutrality is dead . Long live the internet https : //t.co/oECONShjml https : //t.co/sWYL5FZWfa
So fun seeing @ UncleSi_Elf and @ JaseDuckman with @ DuckCommanderPR — and did they really just debate the OJ trial … in a duck blind ? ! https : //t.co/UQ8NIsIdYz
Conservatoons : An FBI makeover https : //t.co/wULApvPcY7 https : //t.co/SUVPRuBKyC
RT @ dbongino : I ’ ll be on Fox tonight with @ JudgeJeanine . Tune in for another fiery debate . 🔥
Levin DEMOLISHES Lisa Bloom ’ s underground effort to derail Trump https : //t.co/EThXpfCmIG https : //t.co/VwTNvINL6W
Is there hope in the battle against baby-killers ? https : //t.co/Mv3x4gK7kz
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/RQNyvqhIOq
King Mitch is the star of the stupidest show on Earth https : //t.co/NG8iq9zmSi https : //t.co/NR4dOgYoNn
WATCH : @ michellemalkin says we hand out visas like candy .
This 'politically correct insanity ' MUST end https : //t.co/45Q1YuP6yc https : //t.co/NPwTlOxJU4
OMB Director Mulvaney explains how Trump SMASHED the 2-for-1 deregulation goal https : //t.co/WFkbDMyuSL https : //t.co/5WSv2e4Mlw
Is the fake news media getting played ? — The @ dbongino Show Ep612 https : //t.co/hYwHHu1WRW https : //t.co/cpLNM5lEmW
Diversity visa lottery + chain migration = A COMPLETE disaster for US immigration & amp ; security https : //t.co/wHHTTswt8X https : //t.co/nUQtgsQcE8
The media ’ s anti-Trump crusade is backfiring ...

by @ tomborelli

https : //t.co/8TpC3ve3hf https : //t.co/WIJdWUK7CQ
Mark Levin rips Sen. Gillibrand as a ‘ fraud ’ and ‘ chameleon ’ https : //t.co/MWmqd7nBrG https : //t.co/reVIzuFMOJ
As Trump-Russia goes cold , Clinton-Comey turns up smoking gun https : //t.co/lc3NnEfZO0 https : //t.co/pkkIm6rcHx
'Scathing audit ' of Mass . agency that held Justina Pelletier in medical kidnapping case https : //t.co/wovYG6oOP6
via @ Robeno

For more on this case Watch the full @ michellemalkin investigation at CRTV :
https : //t.co/BavyoPo9TI
Levin DEMOLISHES Lisa Bloom ’ s underground effort to derail Trump https : //t.co/EThXpfCmIG https : //t.co/6gKAJscLIk
RT @ scrowder : Prepare yourselves !
December 21st will be the biggest show in # LwC history . 16 hour livestream . All star guests ! World premi…
Conservatoons : An FBI makeover https : //t.co/wULApvPcY7 https : //t.co/yUdZfkDNA9
RT @ CRTV : For more @ michellemalkin check out :
Michelle Malkin Investigates
on CRTV === & gt ;

https : //t.co/yaiWJQVoyW https : //t.co/Kr3f1cGlz1
Good morning !

Who likes to diagram sentences ?

Here 's the Preamble to start your day !
via : https : //t.co/UNlr2igBkH https : //t.co/fLENuD1jOa
Net neutrality is dead . Long live the internet https : //t.co/oECONShjml https : //t.co/cQiNMP5IuJ
A big win yesterday for small government — The @ dbongino Show Ep613 https : //t.co/fKsVz1OiDS https : //t.co/4n63t4BAYT
NYT : Anti-Mueller ‘ drunks … ticking off their conspiracy theories ’ https : //t.co/k2MjNctio8 https : //t.co/jAlJPNkGii
Why Marco Rubio is dead wrong on taxes https : //t.co/u5Mf5NNjrz
via @ RMConservative https : //t.co/DV9qFL7sJR
Progressivism is a cult : Reminder 4,629 https : //t.co/caLdDJdWnm
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/EAcujPfpTd
King Mitch is the star of the stupidest show on Earth https : //t.co/NG8iq9hLtI https : //t.co/DiyWclNVYP
WATCH : @ michellemalkin says we hand out visas like candy .
This 'politically correct insanity ' MUST end https : //t.co/45Q1Yuxv9C https : //t.co/dkmALVc8Wz
RT @ Phil_Mattingly : New : Rates in GOP Tax Overhaul :
10 %
12 %
22 %
24 %
32 %
35 %
37 %
Net neutrality is dead . Long live the internet https : //t.co/oECONShjml https : //t.co/6eHxwpYy4r
A big win yesterday for small government — The @ dbongino Show Ep613 https : //t.co/fKsVz1OiDS https : //t.co/K3im39XuqP
RT @ CRTV : `` This is what it looks like when a culture dies . '' @ SteveDeaceShow

Most millennial boys do n't have to worry about dying in a war , …
First pizza , now wings : NFL protests blamed for falling sales https : //t.co/nFcIQX1Fj7
RT @ dbongino : I ’ ll be live in studio tomorrow for Fox & amp ; Friends . Don ’ t miss it .
NYT : Anti-Mueller ‘ drunks … ticking off their conspiracy theories ’ https : //t.co/k2MjNctio8 https : //t.co/yYuSOnK9UM
RT @ michellemalkin : Convicted cop-killer & amp ; fugitive Joanne Chesimard ( Assata Shakur ) : The Most Wanted Woman in the World .
2017 is about to…
RT @ RandPaul : Happy # BillofRights Day . We should never forget the importance of the individual rights it protects and the constraints it pu…
RT @ CRTV : Will they rename this fountain after the Animas River ?

Don ’ t get the reference ?
Watch @ michellemalkin ’ s investigation into one…
But Wisconsin ? https : //t.co/UnTP17lLca
RT @ dbongino : # NetNeutrality is a total scam . I explain on my podcast today on iTunes : https : //t.co/jFilTH12SQ
Also on iHeartRadio : https : /…
Oh , hai ! https : //t.co/YPAhiEf5tJ
& gt ; & gt ; @ DavidLimbaugh : GOP need n't despair about Alabama https : //t.co/hi4dqWR1sL https : //t.co/NyQeeUfOyk
Why Marco Rubio is dead wrong on taxes https : //t.co/u5Mf5O4UQ9
via @ RMConservative https : //t.co/SZYqneVvZD
Progressivism is a cult : Reminder 4,629 https : //t.co/caLdDIWlvO
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/IcVLb45kPj
RT @ CRTV : The generation that doesn ’ t wan ’ t to be forced to bake the cake , make our daughters share bathrooms with grown men , and where the…
King Mitch is the star of the stupidest show on Earth
Link https : //t.co/NG8iq9zmSi https : //t.co/j8wCqqoYpm
King Mitch is the star of the stupidest show on Earth https : //t.co/NG8iq9zmSi https : //t.co/Nklkr9vznF
WHY ?
@ michellemalkin : The US is still dawdling over deadly diversity visas ... but why ?
Link : https : //t.co/lDfheLpbEG https : //t.co/tL6EgB9DZ0
WATCH : @ michellemalkin says we hand out visas like candy .
This 'politically correct insanity ' MUST end https : //t.co/45Q1YuP6yc https : //t.co/wCoBLzEEes
OMB Director Mulvaney explains how Trump SMASHED the 2-for-1 deregulation goal https : //t.co/WFkbDMyuSL https : //t.co/2HbPkcgW4K
Is the fake news media getting played ? — The @ dbongino Show Ep612 https : //t.co/hYwHHu1WRW https : //t.co/iza795GVgr
Sorry , lefties , Roy Moore ’ s loss is not a rejection of President Trump https : //t.co/ZJqpe0ZvPU https : //t.co/3HLTGHB7wj
Diversity visa lottery + chain migration = A COMPLETE disaster for US immigration & amp ; security https : //t.co/wHHTTswt8X https : //t.co/h4q9qgtbSO
The government would n't allow Justina Pelletier to be home with her family for Christmas https : //t.co/M5Uy5YTv6i

A must read story from @ Robeno

And a MUST WATCH episode from @ michellemalkin === & gt ;
https : //t.co/lEwlyTUNPP https : //t.co/6ErPBFOvfC
As Trump-Russia goes cold , Clinton-Comey turns up smoking gun https : //t.co/lc3NnEfZO0 https : //t.co/ZQ6XEq3POm
Mark Levin rips Sen. Gillibrand as a ‘ fraud ’ and ‘ chameleon ’ https : //t.co/MWmqd7nBrG https : //t.co/SN2kBSY2C8
RT @ CRTV : The `` In the Woods with Phil '' HUNT promotion — a year of CRTV and $ 200 worth of Duck Commander gear , has been so popular they are…
RT @ LevinTV : We Need Someone Who Will Follow the Constitution

You wo n't hear this anywhere else ! https : //t.co/GB20J0BgAU https : //t.co/JZvm…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ dbongino : `` If there was a text message in 2008 right before the election between 2 senior @ FBI agents investigating Barack…
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : What in the world happened to America 's manhood ? Grown men acting terrified of a cup of black coffee !

Do n't miss it.…
'Scathing audit ' of Mass . agency that held Justina Pelletier in medical kidnapping case https : //t.co/wovYG6oOP6
via @ Robeno

For more on this case Watch the full @ michellemalkin investigation at CRTV :
https : //t.co/BavyoPo9TI
Crediting any of this to Obama is absurd https : //t.co/SpSry8hMRx
via @ dbongino https : //t.co/Kw2ertL1Hn
RT @ CRTV : Did you hear ?
@ WilkowMajority coming to CRTV .

Sign Up with promo code WILKOW20 and you can save $ 20 off a year of CRTV=== & gt ;
https…
The govt scares me and it should scare you too — The @ dbongino Show Ep606 https : //t.co/2ASuodqbaN https : //t.co/EauauTD2Vf
The partisan Department of Justice ...

The story the MSM wants to ignore .

by @ robeno

https : //t.co/gzzFFHUsix https : //t.co/RUvuoiBGYg
The media ’ s anti-Trump crusade is backfiring ...

by @ tomborelli

https : //t.co/8TpC3ve3hf https : //t.co/euytBeXudA
Diversity visa lottery + chain migration = A COMPLETE disaster for US immigration & amp ; security https : //t.co/wHHTTswt8X https : //t.co/iNUF3FrodX
OMB Director Mulvaney explains how Trump SMASHED the 2-for-1 deregulation goal https : //t.co/WFkbDMyuSL https : //t.co/n4Bxl2RwNm
Revealed : 4 weapons systems Iran sends to its terrorist proxies https : //t.co/z7nqRofFVx https : //t.co/5HvdUumVk7
Is the fake news media getting played ? — The @ dbongino Show Ep612 https : //t.co/hYwHHu1WRW https : //t.co/4DfSXNYFyb
Reports say Paul Ryan will retire after 2018 midterms ; the speaker denied plans to quit https : //t.co/4JX8Ax55cW https : //t.co/YxyPBsxmgZ
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : I 'm going to celebrate God becoming flesh no matter what anyone says about it .

Last chance tonight ... $ 200 of free D…
News flash : We already have the ultimate government shutdown — The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative Ep174
https : //t.co/dWjJ8Pov32 https : //t.co/jXG6Rlhmuq
Levin : ‘ Progressivism is the bastard child of Marxism ’ https : //t.co/283UWxV8cu
WTF MSM ! ? Dan Rather ’ s new job ? https : //t.co/AVIPVtkSJF https : //t.co/hSUydurAaF
Anniversary of Sandy Hook massacre sparks calls for gun control https : //t.co/AYtEdqbzla https : //t.co/OrgirE9TBk
Is there hope in the battle against baby-killers ? https : //t.co/Mv3x4gK7kz
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/1YqFEIsCGL
5 things to know about the Disney/Fox deal https : //t.co/U8hZofwsZJ
via @ Robeno https : //t.co/LT513qBbmR
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : I 'm not anti-technology . I 'm into technology , but I 've got ta pick my devices ...

Just a few hours left for you to get…
As Trump-Russia goes cold , Clinton-Comey turns up smoking gun https : //t.co/lc3NnDYopq https : //t.co/PbZufJhGmS
OMB Director Mulvaney explains how Trump SMASHED the 2-for-1 deregulation goal https : //t.co/WFkbDMyuSL https : //t.co/gAwBJd6LkC
Revealed : 4 weapons systems Iran sends to its terrorist proxies https : //t.co/z7nqRofFVx https : //t.co/UpxikU0icV
Reports say Paul Ryan will retire after 2018 midterms ; the speaker denied plans to quit https : //t.co/4JX8Ax55cW https : //t.co/fBwYkXLzWC
RT @ CRTV : Phil @ DuckCommanderPR reveals his secrets to operating as a low-tech man in a high-tech world .
It all starts in his home office…
Progressives : The 2nd Amendment # 2A doesn ’ t mean what it says it means .

Also progs : The Internet is a human right because we say so .
👀 https : //t.co/qxjikt3Xz3
RT @ WilkowMajority : My joining @ CRTV does not affect my role at @ SiriusXMPatriot . I 'm not leaving @ SIRIUSXM
Is the fake news media getting played ? — The @ dbongino Show Ep612 https : //t.co/hYwHHu1WRW https : //t.co/zLCLLvHop1
Reports say Paul Ryan will retire after 2018 midterms ; the speaker denied plans to quit https : //t.co/4JX8Ax55cW https : //t.co/8F0dj0XCq9
RT @ Gavin_McInnes : Welcome aboard @ WilkowMajority @ RoamingMil @ conservmillen 👍 https : //t.co/vbiabxe9gF
RT @ CRTV : Here is a signup link for our new shows :
https : //t.co/9ZoqNv9aoD

@ WilkowMajority
@ conservmillen
@ RoamingMil

Use one of the P…
News flash : We already have the ultimate government shutdown — The Conservative Conscience w/ @ RMConservative Ep174
https : //t.co/dWjJ8PG5UA https : //t.co/Yj1cKEGVHr
US attack helicopters for ... Hezbollah puppets https : //t.co/rf1cOsxX18
RT @ gastonmooney : 2018 is already off to a great start at @ CRTV with the announcement of @ conservmillen debuting her new series on CRTV thi…
WTF MSM ! ? Dan Rather ’ s new job ? https : //t.co/AVIPVtkSJF https : //t.co/SUYDZzEJl8
RT @ gastonmooney : Thrilled to have @ WilkowMajority joining our great lineup at @ CRTV . Cant wait for 2018 and the debut of `` Wilkow '' !
🔥🔥🔥 https : //t.co/8ME6MFsDr8
RT @ CRTV : Well then : ) https : //t.co/dRTEycTT3J
RT @ CRTV : Oh .

FYI https : //t.co/tgp1PJT37F
Anniversary of Sandy Hook massacre sparks calls for gun control https : //t.co/AYtEdqbzla https : //t.co/Od5bx5SbqP
RT @ dbongino : Is the fake news media getting played for suckers ? This , and more , on my podcast today on iTunes : https : //t.co/jFilTH12SQ
Als…
@ JesseKellyDC @ MelissaTweets I heard it was D.B . Cooper ...
Only you can prevent forest fires ! https : //t.co/LmDQn0nokV
RT @ PoliticalShort : The Justina Pelletier story is about state sanctioned kidnapping , state sanctioned abduction and a complete abuse of po…
Is there hope in the battle against baby-killers ? https : //t.co/Mv3x4gK7kz
via @ SteveDeaceShow https : //t.co/EYKpnKfUdJ
5 things to know about the Disney/Fox deal https : //t.co/U8hZofwsZJ
via @ Robeno https : //t.co/ClBx76Ncj9
As Trump-Russia goes cold , Clinton-Comey turns up smoking gun https : //t.co/lc3NnEfZO0 https : //t.co/2JOiLUE8Et
It is @ rikkiratliff ’ s birthday .

Send her your favorite gifs .

She will appreciate it .
Diversity visa lottery + chain migration = A COMPLETE disaster for US immigration & amp ; security https : //t.co/wHHTTswt8X https : //t.co/RGaLlM00Nq
Levin : Mitch McConnell & amp ; the GOP establishment lost Alabama for conservatives https : //t.co/WmYA3e31hm https : //t.co/Nf47qZxP5h
Levin : Smoking gun ? The media keeps shooting itself in the foot !
Link : https : //t.co/gbvQjVxYdu https : //t.co/zO1a9nNkpn
1 . Congrats @ JusticeWillett

2 . There are 47 people in the Senate who literally have no idea what they are doing . https : //t.co/ODj1SRh34h
Mark Levin rips Sen. Gillibrand as a ‘ fraud ’ and ‘ chameleon ’ https : //t.co/MWmqd7nBrG https : //t.co/RhwZg0iJxH
Democrats do n't want minority voters to know this — The @ dbongino Show Ep610 https : //t.co/2mjjDrFmSf https : //t.co/yPUiURKBXQ
The government would n't allow Justina Pelletier to be home with her family for Christmas https : //t.co/M5Uy5YTv6i

Must read story from @ Robeno

And a MUST WATCH episode from @ michellemalkin === & gt ;
https : //t.co/lEwlyTUNPP https : //t.co/ITpdxl7hbP
RT @ CRTV : The Left wants America to believe a Dem won in Alabama ! — b/c voters are sick of Trump
That does n't even pass the laugh test
Doug…
As Trump-Russia goes cold , Clinton-Comey turns up smoking gun https : //t.co/lc3NnEfZO0 https : //t.co/9iBCBcrTlm
6 dead-wrong Alabama election takes https : //t.co/aaN1nl7Lnn https : //t.co/yKtEps6QyM
After explosive anti-Trump FBI texts , will the media narrative change ?
Hint : Of course it wo n't . 😒
https : //t.co/jg2po0H2c0 https : //t.co/cGsuqpudZq
RT @ LevinTV : The Election of a Leftist

A subscription to CRTV makes a great holiday gift : https : //t.co/GB20J0BgAU https : //t.co/FmOSpoWvWG
Sorry , lefties , Roy Moore ’ s loss is not a rejection of President Trump https : //t.co/ZJqpe0ZvPU https : //t.co/9DBosW77yT
7 ways to make the tax bill better https : //t.co/OcuDmZhzyk https : //t.co/0VMZ8SXvJQ
WATCH : @ michellemalkin says we hand out visas like candy .
This 'politically correct insanity ' MUST end https : //t.co/45Q1YuP6yc https : //t.co/bflxNMzEQ5
The government would n't allow Justina Pelletier to be home with her family for Christmas https : //t.co/M5Uy5YTv6i

A must read story from @ Robeno

And a MUST WATCH episode from @ michellemalkin === & gt ;
https : //t.co/lEwlyTUNPP https : //t.co/ocKyptp3oU
Playboy WH reporter disrespects Huckabee Sanders AGAIN https : //t.co/tGjXGFBbEa https : //t.co/GXby2r1eeo
But WHY ?
@ michellemalkin : The US is still dawdling over deadly diversity visas ... but why ?
Link : https : //t.co/lDfheLpbEG https : //t.co/fxmAw1k3tQ
Mark Levin rips Sen. Gillibrand as a ‘ fraud ’ and ‘ chameleon ’ https : //t.co/MWmqd7nBrG https : //t.co/xULotQq0yV
RT @ CRTV : `` This election in Alabama should n't have been about Mitch McConnell . ''
Or Trump , or Bannon , or anyone .

@ LevinTV with the hard tru…
RT @ CRTV : Roy Moore ’ s loss in the # ALSEN race means danger for the GOP agenda . The narrowed GOP majority will make passing any real reforms…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ deneenborelli on Democrats : `` The whole Russia collusion probe is falling apart , so they 've moved on to anything about se…
RT @ DuckCommanderPR : Sign up right here to watch `` In the Woods with Phil '' Episode 22 : `` Fowl Weather ! ''

=== & gt ; https : //t.co/y3wGvvB0QT

The c…
As Trump-Russia goes cold , Clinton-Comey turns up smoking gun https : //t.co/lc3NnEfZO0 https : //t.co/Wcgk1zLmPm
6 dead-wrong Alabama election takes https : //t.co/aaN1nl7Lnn https : //t.co/cTSLKQcR6R
1 . Congrats @ JusticeWillett

2 . There are 47 people in the Senate who literally have no idea what they are doing . https : //t.co/ODj1SRh34h
After explosive anti-Trump FBI texts , will the media narrative change ? https : //t.co/jg2po0H2c0 https : //t.co/EXx4AdrCiz
After explosive anti-Trump FBI texts , will the media narrative change ?
Hint : Of course it wo n't . 😒
https : //t.co/jg2po0H2c0 https : //t.co/hymXEc2jeK
Sorry , lefties , Roy Moore ’ s loss is not a rejection of President Trump https : //t.co/ZJqpe0ZvPU https : //t.co/KYBmHehMyU
Trump accused of ‘ slut-shaming ’ and ‘ verbal sexual assault ’ against a US senator https : //t.co/nmZYNjPjec https : //t.co/fA0R85mzTH
7 ways to make the tax bill better https : //t.co/OcuDmZhzyk https : //t.co/vr1F6ha70p
Proud to stand with the men & amp ; women of our armed forces from @ 16thMPBDE as they finish a week of training in the Hoosier State . Thank you for your service ! https : //t.co/UMSyVJ2PVc
Thanks again to @ GovHolcomb & amp ; the @ infosys team for your warm welcome and for saying YES to Indiana & amp ; YES to America ! # AmericaFirst https : //t.co/cLsEjBtfDF
I want to thank @ SenToddYoung and @ GovHolcomb for supporting the Trump agenda and for giving companies like @ Infosys and many other companies the confidence to invest in Indiana and in America . https : //t.co/VBRloaWAzw
Because of the Trump tax cuts , 5.5 million Americans have already received a pay raise or a bonus – including more than 37,000 Hoosiers . https : //t.co/gkGJRdbvI1
Today ’ s @ Infosys jobs announcement is a tribute to a great company , a great state & amp ; to the agenda @ POTUS Trump has been advancing . # AmericaFirst https : //t.co/ANtgwVA4AU
COMING UP → Speaking in Indiana w/ @ GovHolcomb at an important jobs announcement . Listen live : https : //t.co/SgW5qDvx9A https : //t.co/etaw4NQG1e
Congratulations to Mike Pompeo on being confirmed the 70th Secretary of State ! Mike brings years of public service and expertise to the job . @ POTUS & amp ; I know that Mike Pompeo will serve our Nation w/ distinction and will do an outstanding job for the American people .
Great to be back in Indiana . Today , we have a major jobs announcement at @ Infosys with @ GovHolcomb . @ POTUS Trump ’ s pro-growth and pro-jobs agenda is helping working families in Indiana & amp ; across the Nation . Our economy is stronger than ever before .
Really enjoyed time w/ hardworking Americans in Milwaukee talking tax cuts that put America first ! W/ the tireless leadership of @ POTUS & amp ; the strong support of WI conservatives in Congress , it 's been 15 months of promises MADE & amp ; promises KEPT ! THANK YOU WISCONSIN ! https : //t.co/utpYz6J49K
But it ’ s not just tax cuts where @ SenatorBaldwin voted against the interests of the people of the Badger State… https : //t.co/9AnypjaQbK
Time and time again , @ SenatorBaldwin has voted against the policies that Wisconsin needs – and when the time came to cut your taxes , Tammy Baldwin voted no . https : //t.co/zp58VXPhka
A tax cut for business is a pay raise for workers . And in the years ahead , as businesses respond to the unprecedented tax relief we gave them , we expect the average Wisconsin worker will see a pay raise of more than $ 4,000 ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/0PV1xdwdn9
Speaking now in Milwaukee about how the Trump Tax Cuts are already making a difference for working families in Wisconsin and across the Nation . Listen live → https : //t.co/jefDv0h6mk https : //t.co/TWWpJ5D2Zo
. @ SecondLady & amp ; I landed in Milwaukee ! Looking forward to talking w/ working families about how the Trump Tax Cuts are helping people in Wisconsin & amp ; throughout the country . More than 90 % of working families will see that tax cut reflected in their paycheck before this year is out . https : //t.co/arGfooUVSt
Honored to welcome Pres . @ EmmanuelMacron to the US Capitol to address the Joint Session of Congress today . @ POTUS & amp ; I are grateful for his strong affirmation of the US-France alliance . Freedom is the cord that binds the US & amp ; France together as allies & amp ; friends & amp ; it always will . https : //t.co/wbkcR7hzM4
Welcomed Pres . @ EmmanuelMacron to his Joint Session of Congress . May the
friendship between the United States & amp ; France grow even stronger and may we never grow weary as we work together to forge a future of freedom and peace in our time . https : //t.co/xCbv7qX542
Karen & amp ; I were honored to join @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS yesterday to celebrate America ’ s friendship w/ France & amp ; the French President @ EmmanuelMacron & amp ; Mrs Brigitte Macron . Looking forward to being at the Capitol for President Macron ’ s joint address to Congress later this morning 🇺🇸🇫🇷 https : //t.co/eGuqNtA4LS
Later today I ’ ll be in WI where 28K workers have gotten a raise or bonus in the past 4 months thanks to @ POTUS , @ SpeakerRyan & amp ; all of WI ’ s GOP in Congress who helped pass the largest tax cut & amp ; reforms in U.S history . Read my op-ed in the @ JournalSentinel : https : //t.co/HSwWknysv1
Just as @ POTUS Trump promised to Make America Great Again , Pres . @ EmmanuelMacron promised to move France forward – En Marche . We applaud the historic progress that Pres . Macron and President Trump are making for both our peoples . https : //t.co/wZ23fm6Yu7
Great lunch w/ Pres . @ EmmanuelMacron to celebrate the enduring FRIENDSHIP between the U.S & amp ; France . History attests , France was America ’ s first ally & amp ; France was America ’ s first friend . As today demonstrates , under @ POTUS , our cherished bond is only growing stronger . https : //t.co/Wb0Sg0sJNV
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history , culture , and destiny . We are people who…
WATCH LIVE : Honored to host French President @ EmmanuelMacron for lunch at the @ StateDept with Acting Sec . of State John Sullivan → https : //t.co/FvysbYL83Z https : //t.co/HU8NaY3dlA
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Having great meetings and discussions with my friend , President @ EmmanuelMacron of France . We are in the midst of meet…
RT @ SecondLady : Lovely reception at the @ VP Residence for the Indiana World Organization of China Painters . They painted 100 porcelain plat…
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are closely monitoring the attack on innocent people in Toronto this afternoon . We are with the Canadian people tonight as they grieve the loss of life & amp ; injured . The American people stand shoulder-to-shoulder with our neighbors in Canada .
Productive meeting w/ @ NASA ’ s senior leadership today . W/ @ POTUS ' vision & amp ; @ NASA ’ s great team America is leading in space again ! https : //t.co/dm4IFcZt1u
Great to speak w/ 3 courageous American astronauts @ astro_Feustel , @ astro_ricky & amp ; @ astro_maker on the @ space_station . @ POTUS & amp ; our Admin are working tirelessly to build on the historic work they ’ re doing right now on the ISS . We couldn ’ t be more proud of them . Godspeed . https : //t.co/0EnKmOi9LH
Proud to swear-in Jim Bridenstine as the new @ NASA Administrator . @ POTUS & amp ; I are confident w/ his leadership , integrity & amp ; passion , @ NASA will lead the Nation on new journeys of exploration & amp ; the U.S. will retain our rightful role as the world ’ s leading Nation in space . https : //t.co/hkXKHrG6UN
RT @ nasahqphoto : Jim Bridenstine is sworn-in as @ NASA ’ s 13th administrator by @ VP Pence . Check out the first pictures - https : //t.co/HLwnrz…
Watch live now ! At @ NASA Headquarters to swear-in Jim Bridenstine as the NASA Administrator . @ POTUS & amp ; I look forward to working with Jim to usher in a new era of American space leadership . https : //t.co/2cfzCAjwmo https : //t.co/B3QLV3yzR1
Will be at @ NASA Headquarters this afternoon to swear in Jim Bridenstine as the new Administrator . Under the leadership of @ POTUS , team @ NASA & amp ; the National Space Council are restoring America ’ s proud legacy of leadership in space . Watch live at 2:30 https : //t.co/2cfzCAjwmo
RT @ WhiteHouse : Mike Pompeo ’ s CIA successes come from proven experience . He has been a U.S. Cavalry officer , a member of the House Intellig…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family . In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush , there is a remem…
Karen and I are praying for the entire Bush family today ... God bless Barbara Bush . https : //t.co/1Q6oPDu6sz
Welcome news . Maximum pressure is working . The American people and our Allies know we would not be at this point without the strong leadership of @ POTUS Trump . US will keep the pressure on North Korea as plans for the Summit continue . America standing strong ! https : //t.co/bPKFxGCqsw
RT @ realDonaldTrump : North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site . This is very good news for North K…
We took time to visit the neighborhood that was hit by that terrible tornado . It 's a testament to the First Responders & amp ; those communities it was n't worse . N. Carolina is blessed to have those in uniform , in ministry & amp ; compassionate leaders during this time . God Bless Greensboro ! https : //t.co/7dxUovOFoy
Andrew Brunson is a pastor who ’ s been wrongfully detained in Turkey for a year-and-a-half . I join @ POTUS , the people of North Carolina & amp ; the people of America to say : it ’ s time for Turkey to send Pastor Andrew Brunson home ! https : //t.co/9iKR5R0Zr8
Tax Day was this week – and I ’ m pleased to say that was the last time you ’ ll have to pay taxes under the old , broken system – because tax simplification and TAX CUTS are on the way . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/SNPiwUqGbg
While Charlotte & amp ; N.C as a whole lost manufacturing jobs in the last year of the previous admin , since the election of @ POTUS , the Tar Heel State has more than replaced those losses w/ more than 5,000 new good-paying manufacturing jobs . Those are real results ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/YwaZDUEIt9
In Charlotte , North Carolina speaking with hard working Americans about the benefits of the Trump Tax Cuts . Listen live : https : //t.co/kUKPlSjUzI # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/HwBZWoAl0G
Met with @ SecElaineChao , @ SenatorBurr , business leaders & amp ; job creators to talk about REBUILDING AMERICAN INFRASTRUCTURE – leading to new biz , investments , & amp ; jobs . Great conversation about the infrastructure projects underway at @ flyfrompti in N Carolina . https : //t.co/u2x5unvxpF
Toured tornado damage in Greensboro , NC . So impressed with our First Responders & amp ; with the compassion of our faith community helping families recover . To those families- @ POTUS and I are with you and we will continue to do all we can to support NC as this community rebuilds . https : //t.co/kcISt8Owmr
Received a warm welcome in the Tar Heel State . @ SecElaineChao & amp ; I will be meeting with local businesses to discuss improving infrastructure in the Greensboro area . A strong & amp ; growing economy depends on world-class roads , bridges , and airports . https : //t.co/hmqcmgtGBi
Attacks on our law enforcement must end ! These heroes dedicate their lives to serving & amp ; protecting our families , neighborhoods & amp ; communities . Our hearts go out to the family & amp ; loved ones of two @ GCSOFlorida deputies who lost their lives in the line of duty https : //t.co/yLJjpPXkZ6
Because of the leadership of @ POTUS & amp ; N. Carolina ’ s Republicans in Congress , TAX CUTS are working for N. Carolina families & amp ; job creators . We ’ re going to keep delivering for N. Carolina . Looking forward to being in NC today .

Read my op-ed in @ theobserver https : //t.co/Gfa1oGuwyq
# NationalHighFiveDay https : //t.co/ZmLIDbvJ31
Good meeting with German Vice Chancellor Olaf Scholz at @ WhiteHouse today . Discussed important issues in US-Germany alliance - NATO spending , trade & amp ; next week 's meeting between @ POTUS & amp ; Chancellor Merkel . https : //t.co/UIIJszW9EL
Grateful for @ StateDept Ambassador for Religious Freedom Sam Brownback for shining a light on the persecution of the Rohingya people . Under @ POTUS , the United States will continue to stand with the persecuted & amp ; oppressed around the world . https : //t.co/KqTt6Bq3Fu
Hey Raul - looks like you ’ re the one leaving ... and we ’ re here standing with the Cuban people . And we ’ re not going anywhere until Cuba has free & amp ; fair elections , political prisoners are released & amp ; the people of Cuba are finally free ! # CubaLibre https : //t.co/4l8ZQIv7fN
Saddened by the tragic loss of Jennifer Riordan – her family is in our prayers – inspired by the heroism & amp ; professionalism of Southwest Pilot Tammie Jo Shults . Well done Captain Shults , your actions saved lives . https : //t.co/PF4H8SKcCW
Congrats Rep Bridenstine on being confirmed as the next @ NASA Administrator ! Under @ POTUS , America will lead in space once again . We look forward to working with Jim Bridenstine to restore America ’ s proud legacy of leadership in space- essential to our nat'l security & amp ; prosperity
. @ SecondLady & amp ; I were honored to join @ Potus & amp ; @ Flotus at Mar-a-Lago for a good day of meetings with @ AbeShinzo , Mrs. Abe & amp ; the Japanese delegation discussing N. Korea , trade & amp ; the strong alliance between US-Japan . https : //t.co/XE8xhg5zG1
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was my great honor to host my friend @ JPN_PMO @ AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days . Lo…
RT @ SecondLady : So nice to see Mrs. Abe again in Mar-a-Lago today . https : //t.co/HVkUlGJdHJ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon ! https : //t.co/ywU2CEih8b
Today we join our great ally Israel as they celebrate their 70th Anniversary of Independence . The miracle of Israel ’ s rebirth in her historic homeland is an inspiration to the world & amp ; the American people are proud to stand w/ Israel on this historic day and every day . # Israel70 https : //t.co/379sHj02lB
( 2/2 ) ... In the midst of his grief he has become a champion for keeping our kids safe . I thanked him for his courage & amp ; assured him under @ POTUS , school safety is a top priority in our administration . https : //t.co/kA4wt1j4rP
Honored to have Max Schachter & amp ; his family at the @ WhiteHouse to talk about school safety . Max lost his wonderful son Alex during the school shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas… ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/Zp989RpTX3
. @ SecondLady & amp ; I are off to Mar-a-Lago to join @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS for important talks w/ our great ally and friend @ AbeShinzo . https : //t.co/0Od7ffGsf3
Spoke to Pastor Brunson ’ s wife this week . Assured her of our prayers & amp ; @ POTUS & amp ; I are monitoring his trial in Turkey . Pastor Brunson is a good & amp ; godly man who should be reunited w/ his family , friends & amp ; congregation . It ’ s time the Turkish govt release him . # FreeAndrewBrunson https : //t.co/1KD04rveTE
Great to meet Xavier DeGroat of Michigan w/ @ RepMikeBishop . Xavier is a courageous advocate for autism awareness and all Americans with disabilities . Great job Xavier ! # autismawarenessmonth https : //t.co/Ps2x60E6wZ
Congratulations to the “ Ladies in White ” on receiving the 2018 Milton Friedman Award . These heroic women risk everything to stand for freedom & amp ; human rights in Cuba . America stands w/ them & amp ; we will keep standing for the release of political prisoners & amp ; Cuban liberty . # CubaLibre https : //t.co/6AwEnxpHbN
At @ SummitAmericas , my message was clear : Now is the time for Western Hemisphere nations to truly become a “ Hemisphere of Freedom. ” That ’ s why the U.S stands w/ the people of Cuba & amp ; Venezuela & amp ; stands up to their oppressors .

Read my op-ed in @ MiamiHerald : https : //t.co/aTn1wcksM1
RT @ SecondLady : When I first met Barbara Bush in 1988 as she entertained spouses of congressional candidates at the @ VP Residence , her sage…
Our statement on the passing of Barbara Bush : https : //t.co/haIPhDS2bd
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Showing Senate Spouses the Benefits of Art Therapy # ArtTherapy https : //t.co/OGQXSqAHzS
RT @ SecondLady : Great visit at @ childrenshealth where Senate Spouses joined us to learn more about @ tracyskidsdc art therapy program . We we…
Honored to have the chance to welcome families from all over the country to Capitol Hill . https : //t.co/bqCi4njVYW
Productive day meeting with Senators on Capitol Hill on implementing the # MAGA agenda for the American people .
Bon Voyage to the USS Indianapolis . God bless the brave men & amp ; women of the @ USNavy https : //t.co/mnN0fJjj7m https : //t.co/XZIpY1Vvfn
RT @ SenateRPC : Happy # TaxDay ! Today , marks the last day Americans will file their taxes under the old , broken tax code . The new tax code in…
Like @ POTUS said yesterday , this # TaxDay is the LAST TIME Americans will fill out that long , complicated , horrible return . Next year will be simple , working Americans will keep more of their money & amp ; the Trump tax cuts will continue to make a REAL difference for everyday families .
The Trump Tax Cuts are putting the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST . 4.3 million American workers have already gotten a raise or bonus , the typical family of 4 will save more than $ 2,000 per year & amp ; avg household income will increase by $ 4,000 per year . # MAGA
. @ POTUS Trump has been working to keep his promise to restore America ’ s proud legacy of LEADERSHIP in SPACE . Leading in space exploration is essential to our national security , to our Nation 's prosperity , and it is essential to the very character of America . # 34SS https : //t.co/4gorEaSIcB
Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS , today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated & amp ; outdated tax system . Our Tax Cuts– the largest in American history– will save YOU money , increase opportunity & amp ; create more JOBS for American workers # TaxDay
RT @ SecondLady : Honored & amp ; humbled to call @ VP Residence home : New curtains , a beehive and a basketball court : The Pences at the vice presid…
Honored to speak at the # SpaceSymposium in Colorado & amp ; great to talk w/ @ SecretaryRoss , @ SecAFOfficial & amp ; several innovators about the renewed American leadership in space & amp ; the action already taken by the Nat'l Space Council . Under @ POTUS , America is leading in space again . # 34SS https : //t.co/TVOdjl2RM4
America will once again astonish the world with the heights we reach and the wonders we achieve – and we will lead the world into SPACE once again . # 34SS https : //t.co/Fn2f9kvHEO
. @ POTUS Trump and our entire administration believe it is our duty to ensure that our most cherished values and ideals are at the foundation of the future in the boundless expanse of space . # 34SS https : //t.co/G2ecNotkgB
With our international and commercial partners – American astronauts will return to the Moon to explore its surface & amp ; learn how to harness its resources to launch expeditions to Mars . # 34SS https : //t.co/YZPZzpLZCv
Pleased to also announce at the # SpaceSymposium that the National Space Council will send @ POTUS a third set of recommendations to address the challenges posed by our increasingly congested space environment . # 34SS https : //t.co/A13TE1nNzL
Announced at the # SpaceSymposium the new chair of the National Space Council ’ s Users Advisory Group will be Admiral Jim Ellis . The Users Advisory Group brings together some of the brightest & amp ; most accomplished people in America to accelerate innovation across our space enterprise https : //t.co/LFa0l3VMV5
Speaking now in Colorado Springs at the 34th # SpaceSymposium . Listen live now : https : //t.co/0wVsktxQto # 34SS https : //t.co/p0j5OzkFvh
Landed at @ PeteAFB in Colorado Springs . So great to be welcomed by airmen and women stationed here along with their families . On my way to speaking at the # SpaceSymposium . # 34SS https : //t.co/8wcon7EMQq
RT @ VPComDir : Good to see U.S. Senate pass bipartisan resolution honoring the late Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya . @ VP Pence met with his dau…
On my way to Colorado Springs for the 34th National # SpaceSymposium . Under @ POTUS Trump , America is committed to leading once again in space on the commercial , defense and scientific fronts . # NextFrontier # 34SS https : //t.co/cZtvW8LWUv
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to serve as the keynote speaker tonight at @ OmahaCities Annual Meeting . Thank you for all that you do to enhance gl…
Karen and I are praying for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family tonight .
RT @ marcorubio : Missing in most of the domestic coverage of # SummitPeru is that @ VP announced U.S. bid to host the next # SummitAmericas in…
I made clear to all nations at @ SummitAmericas that in Venezuela & amp ; Cuba , the tragedy of tyranny is on full display . But with the conviction of the leaders gathered at that Summit , I know this New World will prove once more that no force on Earth can overcome FREEDOM . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/cDnaOAGaI5
I also spoke about the situations in Cuba & amp ; Venezuela & amp ; made clear the U.S will continue to support the Cuban people as they call for FREEDOM & amp ; we will not rest until the Venezuelan people reclaim their birthright of LIBERTAD . # SummitPeru ( 2/2 ) https : //t.co/oyXrxKiEz2
During my remarks to @ SummitAmericas yesterday , I thanked the many nations who already expressed support & amp ; called upon all nations in our hemisphere of freedom to support the military action taken by the US & amp ; our allies & amp ; to condemn Assad ’ s regime ’ s use of chemical weapons.. ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/YyLTIS3eSU
Met Chilean President @ sebastianpinera & amp ; discussed trade , security & amp ; strengthening democracy . Also spoke about the disastrous humanitarian crisis in Venezuela & amp ; I emphasized that the region must do more to return democracy to Venezuela . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/RBlwqRDlRE
Discussed ways to deepen the close friendship between the U.S & amp ; Colombia w/ Pres . @ JuanManSantos . We also have a shared commitment to pressure the Maduro regime to bring democracy back to Venezuela . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/YR5O7Y5qGS
Important conversation w/ Mexican Pres @ EPN about trade , security & amp ; immigration . Recognized Mexico for its active leadership in confronting the deteriorating situation in Venezuela & amp ; agreed to work together & amp ; w/ other regional partners to restore Venezuelan democracy . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/eObQOveTHX
Met w/ Peruvian Pres . @ MartinVizcarraC & amp ; thanked him for hosting the @ SummitAmericas in Lima . Also made clear that countries in the region need to work together to bring democracy back to the great people of Venezuela . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/LxeGCeapWr
Great to speak w/ Canadian PM @ JustinTrudeau at @ SummitAmericas about key issues related to trade , security & amp ; democracy in the hemisphere . We discussed progress toward reaching an agreement on NAFTA as soon as possible & amp ; that a deal must ensure FAIR & amp ; RECIPROCAL trade # SummitPeru https : //t.co/0ezY5qnPik
Enjoyed visiting with our dedicated embassy staff members and their families . The team at @ USEMBASSYPERU does great work on behalf of the American people and we ’ re grateful for their service . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/UnJhWgr22D
Last night , I spoke w/ Rosa María Payá , a Cuban dissident fighting for Cuba ’ s freedom . I made clear the Trump Admin stands w/ the Cuban people . We are w/ them for their freedom , the release of political prisoners , the restoration of basic human rights & amp ; for free & amp ; fair elections . https : //t.co/V5kSUhV9KE
During my meeting w/ Venezuelan opposition leaders , I announced critical assistance to support Venezuelans forced to flee their home . This aid will help provide shelter & amp ; security for those seeking a better life . The Venezuelan people DESERVE LIBERTAD . https : //t.co/AQtGwAn2ZY
In Peru , I met with Venezuelan opposition leaders Julio Borges , David Smolansky , Carlos Vecchio , & amp ; Antonio Ledezma who are courageously working to recover freedom in Venezuela . As they made clear in our meeting , Venezuela is “ a failed state ” & amp ; “ has become a threat to the region. ” https : //t.co/s5Fy17zATi
On night ’ s like tonight , I am mindful of the daily sacrifices our brave men and women in uniform — and their families — make everyday . To our Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen , Marines and Coast Guard ... thank you . You are the best of us . 🇺🇸
RT @ realDonaldTrump : https : //t.co/6VLQYAlcto
Tonight , at the order of @ POTUS , U.S. Armed Forces , with Britain and France , launched strikes against chemical weapon sites in Syria . America and our allies will not tolerate the use of chemical weapons against men , women and children . God bless our courageous troops & amp ; allies .
Landed in Peru & amp ; honored to be at the @ SummitAmericas on behalf of @ POTUS & amp ; the American people . Just completed an important meeting w/ Venezuelan opposition leaders as we look to hold the undemocratic Maduro regime accountable for its actions . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/x3bpUTf3jT
30 years ago today , we said goodbye to the best man I ’ ll ever know- Ed Pence ... a soldier & amp ; a salesman who loved his family , his church & amp ; his country . Miss you , Dad .

Love ,

Michael https : //t.co/7XPKo3xSsj
Wheels up to Peru to represent the USA at the @ SummitAmericas . Looking forward to meeting with our neighbors in the Western Hemisphere to discuss security & amp ; freedom . # AmericaFirst https : //t.co/oQwZeEXcw5
Honored to join @ POTUS & amp ; great business leaders & amp ; American workers at the @ WhiteHouse to celebrate the LARGEST TAX CUT in American history . The Trump Tax Cuts have unleashed a new era of American jobs & amp ; American growth . # AmericaIsBack https : //t.co/YQ7kqBjmxO
Good bipartisan meeting discussing my upcoming travel to @ summitamericas w/ Senators @ MarcoRubio , @ RoyBlunt , @ SenatorRisch & amp ; @ SenatorCardin . Grateful to these leaders for their input as we prepare to depart for # SummitPeru . https : //t.co/vaw4CQY0tS
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today ! This event is dedicated to YOU : the hardworking Ame…
Working session today with our team as we prepare to represent @ POTUS & amp ; the USA at the Summit of the Americas in Peru this weekend . Looking forward to meeting with our allies to discuss freedom and security across the New World . # SummitPeru https : //t.co/5UlZpJf7aA
During these days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust , we remember & amp ; honor the 6 million Jews , including 1.5 million children , who were killed during one of the darkest periods in history . We must never forget the atrocities of the Holocaust & amp ; must ensure never again . https : //t.co/1uNE0uS0n5
Mike Pompeo will make a great Secretary of State . He brings years of public service & amp ; expertise in foreign policy to the table . It ’ s critical in these times that we have a STRONG team in place – and Mike Pompeo is the right man for the job . https : //t.co/NBzoajpivn
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @ WhiteHouse this evening . Lots to discuss as we con…
So good to see Pastor @ RonnieFloyd and faith leaders in town for the 2018 Mega Metro Conference . @ POTUS and I are grateful for the prayers , support , and ministries of all these great men and women of faith . God bless them all ! https : //t.co/UFdcXJwBTD
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS Trump at Signing of # FOSTA # SESTA bill : We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…
( 6/6 ) …Thank you Paul Ryan for your decades of service to our country . God bless you , Janna , and your three wonderful children , Liza , Charlie , and Sam .
( 5/6 ) …I know Paul will continue to be a great representative for the people of Wisconsin through the rest of his term and we will continue to work every day with him to keep our promises to the American people .
( 4/6 ) …Under his leadership , @ HouseGOP delivered for the American people . Paul Ryan has been a fierce defender of our military , a leader in ushering historic tax reform through Congress , and a public servant with a heart for helping lift up the less fortunate .
( 3/6 ) …As Speaker of the House , Paul Ryan was instrumental in enacting @ POTUS Trump ’ s agenda and we will be always be grateful for his partnership and support .
( 2/6 ) …Paul is my friend , a former colleague , a true patriot , and I congratulate him on his long service to Wisconsin and to the American people .
Few Americans have done more to advance the conservative agenda over the last 20 years than @ SpeakerRyan and I will miss his leadership and friendship when he leaves Congress at the end of this year… ( 1/6 ) https : //t.co/7CFh2blcGQ
During the election @ POTUS promised to appoint STRONG CONSERVATIVES to our federal courts at every level , and one year ago today , Justice Neil Gorsuch was sworn in as the 101st associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court . PROMISES MADE , PROMISES KEPT ! https : //t.co/TvvdAcc6Ta
Honored to join @ POTUS & amp ; great military leaders last night at the @ WhiteHouse where we discussed nat'l security , foreign policy & amp ; great progress rebuilding the arsenal of democracy . Proud to stand w/ our Commander-in-Chief , military leaders & amp ; the men & amp ; women of our Armed Forces ! https : //t.co/0ClbFWEW5H
RT @ VPComDir : Our statement on @ VP Pence representing the United States at the 8th Summit of the Americas in Peru : https : //t.co/KvYduebcUL
Congratulations to Senator Cindy Hyde-Smith and her wonderful family as you begin your service to the great people of Mississippi . https : //t.co/hWyJkwOemh
Honored to welcome Mississippi ’ s newest senator to the U.S Capitol today . Heartfelt thanks to former Senator Thad Cochran for his years of distinguished service .
Well said Amb @ NikkiHaley . We condemn the chemical attack on civilians in Syria in the strongest possible terms . The world is watching . The international community must act . The Assad regime must end its barbaric behavior . As @ POTUS said earlier “ It can ’ t be allowed to happen. ” https : //t.co/UKIEfHEBcK
Met to discuss options for U.S response on Syria , attended Cabinet meeting , reviewed efforts to combat opioid epidemic , now off to Capitol to swear in a new Senator and dinner tonight w/ @ POTUS & amp ; our great military leaders ... very busy Monday ! https : //t.co/WGrHnuNc6F
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons . # Syria https : //t.co/qiEahlL3Ah
. @ POTUS & amp ; I closely monitoring likely chemical attack in Syria . We condemn in the strongest possible terms the assault on innocent lives , including children . The Assad regime & amp ; its backers MUST END their barbaric behavior . As POTUS said , big price to pay for those responsible !
So tragic . Our hearts go out to our Canadian neighbors . Condolences and prayers for the victims , families & amp ; fans of the Humboldt Broncos . https : //t.co/geW8rPfCYS
The Trump Administration continues to hold bad Russian actors accountable for their lawless actions on the international stage . Today ’ s actions by @ POTUS show STRONG leadership and send a CLEAR message : malign activity won ’ t be tolerated by the U.S .
( 2/2 ) ... He was a courageous pilot & amp ; an inspiring American whose service will never be forgotten . Will be praying for his family , friends and fellow Thunderbirds during this difficult time .
Deeply saddened to learn of the loss of Thunderbirds pilot Maj. Stephen Del Bagno . I had the honor to meet Maj. Del Bagno when I visited @ NellisAFB in January ... ( 1/2 )
The Trump Administration will always put the safety and security of Americans first . We must stop the dangerous flow of drugs , gangs , and lawlessness on our Southern border . https : //t.co/0OlTb0N9lw
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yest…
50 years ago today , Dr. King 's life was tragically cut short - but that did not stop his immortal words , his courageous example and his faith from inspiring generations of Americans . Today we honor the man and the Dream . # MLK50
Our great allies Estonia Pres @ KerstiKaljulaid , Lithuania Pres @ Grybauskaite_LT & amp ; Latvia Pres @ Vejonis marked 100 yrs of independence w/ @ POTUS @ WhiteHouse today . As POTUS said this cooperation will continue to bring greater security & amp ; prosperity for our citizens . # BalticSummit https : //t.co/8p8WiQnlJZ
Praying for the injured & amp ; their families . Grateful to ATF and all law enforcement & amp ; first responders who responded today and have been on the scene . https : //t.co/vyDtODnpoE
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # AutismAwarenessDay # LightItUpBlue https : //t.co/JAzSE6yEes
On # WorldAutismAwarenessDay and every day , we celebrate the ways individuals with ASDs make priceless contributions to our Nation . As @ POTUS said , “ Let us renew our commitment to support the entire international ASD community. ” https : //t.co/yv9fixdWt2
Today , my family and I celebrate the Resurrection of Jesus Christ and the dawn of grace on that first Easter morning . He is Risen ! # HappyEaster
Wishing all those celebrating a Happy Passover ! https : //t.co/lAKMBFDyHJ
Today , Karen and I join Christians everywhere as we remember Christ ’ s sacrifice on the Cross . “ By his wounds we are healed. ” ( Isa . 53 ) # GoodFriday
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure , and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the…
Today , we honor the men & amp ; women who served & amp ; sacrificed in the Vietnam War . To all our Vietnam Veterans , on behalf of every American : Welcome Home . # NationalVietnamWarVeteransDay https : //t.co/KkLNCh36Bd
We stand with America ’ s law enforcement & amp ; first responders ! So grateful to the many men & amp ; women we met throughout North Dakota & amp ; Minnesota over the past two days who are protecting our communities . Appreciate your service & amp ; your sacrifice ! https : //t.co/BTkeJeu8YH
Since President Trump ’ s election , American businesses have created nearly 3 million new jobs—including 22,000+ new jobs in the Minneapolis area . Growth is back , confidence is back , and America is back ! https : //t.co/qu15D09Fez
Congrats to Admiral Ronny Jackson , MD . Thank you Dr. David Shulkin for your dedication and service to helping our veterans .
. @ POTUS promised to rebuild our military & amp ; restore the arsenal of democracy . 5 days ago , he signed into law the largest investment in our national defense since the days of Ronald Reagan ! In MN , we were honored to be joined by the 934th Airlift Wing of the US Air Force Reserves ! https : //t.co/dgMyA4mFii
Great to be in Minneapolis today with @ RepErikPaulsen , @ RepJasonLewis , and @ RepTomEmmer talking about how the Trump Tax Cuts are working for Minnesota ! https : //t.co/5QzYZRMHff
GREAT to be with hard working North Dakota families & amp ; job creators in Fargo yesterday . After a year of PROMISES MADE & amp ; PROMISES KEPT under @ POTUS Trump , AMERICA IS BACK . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/31Jru4PuPS
RT @ VPComDir : Enthusiastic crowd in Fargo yesterday for @ VP Pence ’ s remarks on how the Trump Tax Cuts are helping North Dakota families : Am…
The new tax-cut law capped off a year of DECISIVE ACTION by the Trump administration . Since Day One , we ’ ve worked tirelessly to keep our promises to the people of Minnesota . Read my op-ed in the @ StarTribune : https : //t.co/bEfCTGUyky # TaxCutsForAmerica
THANK YOU North Dakota ! Great visit to Fargo . And thank you Gov . @ DougBurgum , @ RepKevinCramer & amp ; @ SenJohnHoeven for standing with the people of North Dakota & amp ; delivering a historic TAX CUT . On our way now to Minnesota ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/hZ2qxatXGF
Time and again , @ SenatorHeitkamp has voted no on the policies that the people of North Dakota support & amp ; the policies that North Dakota needs . https : //t.co/EIncy9Y9Qt
The people of North Dakota deserve to know that when the time came to cut your taxes , @ SenatorHeitkamp voted NO . https : //t.co/BkKLZ3Utyp
Our President promised to cut taxes across the board & amp ; just over 3 months ago , with the strong support of @ RepKevinCramer & amp ; @ SenJohnHoeven , @ POTUS Trump signed the largest tax cuts & amp ; tax reform in American history ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/A7gI7Ed2e3
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ VP Mike Pence delivers remarks at an America First Policies : “ Tax Cuts to Put America First ” event . [ Courtesy : KXJB/Farg…
Great seeing Gov . @ DougBurgum & amp ; military families in Fargo , N. Dakota . On our way to talk about the Trump Tax Cuts : The American economy is booming under @ POTUS Trump — and we 're just getting started . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/u0mNB4kfJe
Linda Brown will be remembered as a towering figure in the fight for equality & amp ; equal treatment under the law . Her role in challenging school segregation helped make our Nation a better place & amp ; her legacy will live on for decades . May she rest in peace . https : //t.co/nkWEoJZrvG
Excited to meet w/ hardworking N. Dakotans in Fargo . They needed a tax cut & amp ; @ RepKevinCramer & amp ; @ SenJohnHoeven delivered . But @ SenatorHeitkamp voted against cutting taxes & amp ; giving historic relief to working families & amp ; job creators . Read my op-ed in @ inforum https : //t.co/ugnlZXFADJ
Great mtg at WH today w/James Ackerman & amp ; Craig DeRoche of @ PrisonFellowshp , an important org helping people who are incarcerated turn their lives around . Restoration & amp ; rehabilitation are critical parts of our criminal justice system & amp ; play a key role in ending the cycle of crime
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great news ! # MAGA https : //t.co/mRQGRJkozC
RT @ SecondLady : So exciting ! We visited the Florida Hospital Cancer Institute in Orlando not too long ago . Great article about # arttherapy…
Excited to meet with families in Fargo , North Dakota tomorrow as we continue delivering the message that the TRUMP TAX CUTS are WORKING for the American people , creating jobs & amp ; growing the American economy . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/VW8rkqXgnH
Great to talk with @ AmbJohnBolton at the @ WhiteHouse today . He brings extraordinary experience to our team & amp ; I look forward to working with him as he transitions to the National Security Advisor role in the coming weeks . https : //t.co/lfKsFr3aBX
My statement on the expulsion of Russian intelligence officers— & gt ; https : //t.co/CpE2EtiD7A
RT @ PressSec : Statement on Expulsion of Russian intelligence officers . https : //t.co/4uCzMOMG3f
RT @ realDonaldTrump : “ President Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25 , 2018 , as Greek Independence Day : A National Day of Celebration of Greek…
Karen and I join with millions of believers across the country and around the world as we celebrate Palm Sunday . “ Hosanna ! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord ! ” # PalmSunday
On # MedalOfHonorDay , we recognize those heroes who have risen above & amp ; beyond the call of duty in defense of our Nation , our people , and our flag . They are heroes , all . THANK YOU ! https : //t.co/hHgBdfsDQd
Saw an early screening of the movie “ I Can Only Imagine ” a few weeks ago . Great movie ! Inspiring message ! @ onlyimaginefilm # ICanOnlyImagine https : //t.co/6ai8euPCQc
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday , and we grieve the nation ’ s l…
Thank you state and local law enforcement in Georgia for everything you do to keep our communities and families SAFE . Great seeing you today ! https : //t.co/pUlbhh0d2U
GREAT to be with @ GovernorDeal & amp ; the good people of Georgia talking about how the TRUMP TAX CUTS are already helping to create more jobs and grow the American economy . THANK YOU GEORGIA ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/khR7nw2T6b
Zell Miller dedicated his life to public service & amp ; to serving this country . He was a U.S Marine , a Governor , a United States Senator . And the difference he made in the life of this great state and the life of this Nation will impact this country for generations to come . https : //t.co/axtgwDaTPY
The best days for American prosperity are yet to come because our tax cuts are just starting to make a difference . We cut taxes for Georgia ’ s working families & amp ; we cut taxes for Georgia ’ s businesses . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/CWFpBxVeGW
Since our election , American businesses have created nearly 3 million new jobs – including more than 40,000 new jobs in Atlanta – and unemployment in America hasn ’ t been this low in 17 YEARS ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/eLVxlCftN1
Speaking with working families in Atlanta , Georgia about the Trump TAX CUTS , which were signed only three months ago but are already having a HUGE impact . Listen live → https : //t.co/yABXqaDPaw # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/8C8tUEU3mV
Excited to meet w/ working families in Atlanta today . The 1st year of the Trump admin has been a year of promises made & amp ; promises kept . We ’ re renewing PROSPERITY & amp ; restoring OPPORTUNITY in Georgia & amp ; across America . Read my op-ed in @ AJC : https : //t.co/qo2ZqMEtcl
RT @ FoxNews : . @ POTUS : `` I 'm calling on Congress to give me a line item veto for all government spending bills . '' https : //t.co/y2W8xc4eMv
THANK YOU @ GovChrisSununu and the hard working people of New Hampshire for welcoming us today to discuss the benefits of the Trump Tax Cuts & amp ; our commitment to END the opioid crisis . Grateful to state & amp ; local law enforcement for all their support today & amp ; everyday . https : //t.co/U4Aqd5Xbtg
Paramedic Chris Hickey found himself talking to a man he 'd never met before who was battling a heroin addiction & amp ; was looking for help . After this encounter , Chris started the program called “ Safe Station ” to provide hope & amp ; healing to thousands . THANK YOU CHRIS . https : //t.co/orjHGZXnbo
The Trump Admin is committed to ENDING the opioid crisis . We ’ re going to :
✓ Reduce drug demand by preventing Americans from becoming addicted in the first place
✓ Reduce the supply of illicit drugs
✓ Make sure to get lifesaving help to those who need it https : //t.co/rwvdYoQPxX
About 90 % of working families will see their tax cut reflected in their paycheck before this year is out & amp ; here in New Hampshire , our tax cuts will save the typical family of four MORE THAN $ 2,500 A YEAR . That ’ s real money . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/e1FhXVVA7l
Congratulations to new National Security Advisor John Bolton . @ AmbJohnBolton is a highly respected American patriot who will bring decades of experience to our national security team . With him as Nat Sec Adv , @ POTUS will continue to keep America strong and secure .
I will always be grateful to my friend Gen. H.R . McMaster for his service as @ POTUS ' Nat Sec Adv & amp ; congratulate him on a job well done . He departs w/ our highest respect for his service to this Admin & amp ; his heroic service on & amp ; off the battlefield . Thank you H.R . and God bless .
When I talk about promises MADE , promises KEPT , I ’ m happy to report three months ago TODAY , @ POTUS signed the largest tax cuts and tax reform in American history ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/WWSJnKQATB
Just arrived in New Hampshire to speak with working families about how the TRUMP TAX CUTS are already helping to create jobs and grow the economy . Great to see @ GovChrisSununu . Looking forward to talking about # TaxCutsForAmerica → https : //t.co/HMSI1qOwdh https : //t.co/MaikHzSJLT
Talked with the @ HowieCarrShow about my event in New Hampshire later today where I 'll discuss how the TRUMP TAX CUTS are already helping working families & amp ; having a great impact on New Hampshire JOBS . Listen to our interview at 3 PM : https : //t.co/BMmWzn9wpT
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP : `` The era of economic surrender is over . '' https : //t.co/AZBve9Gx1v
House & amp ; Senate agree : Right-to-Try is a bipartisan PRIORITY . Will continue to work with Congress to get this important bill to @ POTUS ’ s desk .
https : //t.co/yJyVYIQTvP
3 months ago today , @ POTUS signed the LARGEST TAX CUTS & amp ; REFORMS in American history . When I visit Manchester today , I ’ ll bring a message to all the good people of the Granite State : The American economy is booming .

Read my op-ed in the @ UnionLeader : https : //t.co/IzbqK51bBg
Proud of the efforts of all our law enforcement . THANK YOU for your hard work - we ’ ll always be grateful for the courageous men & amp ; women who risk their lives to protect our communities . https : //t.co/JaRPu85STm
Honored to celebrate # NationalAgDay earlier at @ USDA . Our Admin has been working tirelessly to stand w/ our Nation ’ s farmers & amp ; ag community – cutting red tape , cutting taxes & amp ; working to open up the world to American agricultural products like never before . https : //t.co/CNXVYe7v39
In Colombia last yr , I spoke w/ Venezuelan families who fled the tyranny of Maduro regime . Our Admin announced today new aid for food & amp ; health assistance to help Venezuelans fleeing to Colombia . The Venezuelan people DESERVE # LIBERTAD ! I ’ ll speak on this at @ OAS_Official tomorrow https : //t.co/tWNmPIN8rb
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our Nation was founded by farmers . Our independence was won by farmers . And our continent was tamed by farmers . Our fa…
Since Day One of our administration , @ POTUS Trump has been working tirelessly to stand up for our Nation ’ s farmers , producers , ranchers , foresters , and everyone involved in agriculture . And I promise you WE ALWAYS WILL . # NationalAgDay https : //t.co/LoHNllDQG4
Agriculture is the essence of America and it is the beating heart of a great Nation . # NationalAgDay https : //t.co/GAqq2d2hZ5
RT @ SecretarySonny : Thanks to @ VP Mike Pence for presenting @ POTUS 's proclamation of # NationalAgDay . And thanks to @ spencerflood17 , of Minn…
Speaking now at @ USDA on # NationalAgDay as we celebrate and honor America ’ s farmers and agriculture community . Listen live → https : //t.co/6JntrbwKWc https : //t.co/qxZibLXGWD
Today on # AgDay we celebrate America ’ s farmers & amp ; agriculture community who help feed the world , fuel our economy , and drive our success as a Nation . Looking forward to speaking at @ USDA this morning : https : //t.co/6JntrbwKWc
RT @ Surgeon_General : If it can happen in the family of a Surgeon General , it can happen to anyone . Watch my story & amp ; share yours at https : //…
RT @ WhiteHouse : The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock , but also stories of recovery & amp ; hope . President Trump is asking e…
. @ POTUS again took steps today to increase pressure on Maduro regime in # Venezuela to end its LAWLESS actions . On Wednesday , I 'll address @ OAS_Official & amp ; call on all member nations to join the pressure campaign on Venezuela to restore democracy : https : //t.co/Nc0eIwYPIe https : //t.co/EOajhl208l
RT @ VPPressSec : The @ VP sent a delegation from his office to Baghdad as part of the @ USAID conference to address the plight of persecuted r…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Today , President Trump & amp ; the First Lady travel to NH and address America ’ s opioid epidemic at Manchester Community College.…
RT @ StateDept : On March 21 at the @ OAS_official , @ VP Mike Pence will reaffirm our commitment to increasing economic prosperity and joint se…
HUGE crowd today in Georgia ! Karen & amp ; I were honored to walk with my mom Nancy in the Savannah # StPatricksDay Parade . Thanks Mayor DeLoach for hosting us & amp ; grateful to all who turned out . Happy St. Patrick ’ s Day ! # SavStPats https : //t.co/EXkBYUdOEb
RT @ VPComDir : Watch live on @ FoxNews : @ VP Pence participates in Savannah 's annual St. Patrick 's Day parade https : //t.co/2y8DVJlNSE
RT @ SecondLady : Happy First Birthday , Harley ! https : //t.co/o0xcmXD5fv
On our way to Savannah ! Glad that my mom , Nancy Pence-Fritsch , could join Karen & amp ; me in to celebrate St. Patrick 's Day . Her father came over from Tubbercurry Ireland to America in 1923 . Read about our family 's Irish roots here : https : //t.co/TiFtcaMUyQ https : //t.co/pZ5pOfaBhh
Remembering my grandfather , Richard Michael Cawley , and my family 's Irish roots today . Happy # StPatricksDay , everyone ! Looking forward to walking in the Savannah St. Patrick ’ s Day Parade today . # SavStPats
Productive meeting with Japanese Foreign Minister @ konotaromp today . We agreed to continue our close coordination on the MAXIMUM PRESSURE campaign on North Korea . https : //t.co/vMHr3kkRYr
. @ POTUS & amp ; our Administration stands with American farmers & amp ; the rural communities they call home . Looking forward to speaking on Tuesday at @ USDA for # NationalAgricultureDay ! https : //t.co/h328SNtEIZ
Karen and I are saddened to hear of the passing of my friend Rep. Louise Slaughter . The Congresswoman was a passionate advocate for her beliefs and a valued member of the U.S. House of Representatives . Our prayers are with her family as they mourn her loss .
Karen & amp ; I were honored to welcome Taoiseach Varadkar to our home at the Naval Observatory for an Irish breakfast . # StPatricksDay is the perfect time to celebrate our friendship & amp ; to marvel at Ireland ’ s lasting mark on America and the American people . https : //t.co/S9yroBwnf7
Deeply saddened about the loss of 7 U.S service members on board the U.S helicopter that crashed in Western Iraq . The U.S will fully investigate the cause of this accident . Karen and I offer our deepest condolences to the families of the victims .
Honored to have joined @ POTUS as we welcomed Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar to the @ WhiteHouse today . Productive meetings with him & amp ; enjoyed celebrating the strong partnership between the U.S & amp ; Ireland at the # FriendsOfIreland Lunch & amp ; the annual Shamrock Exchange . https : //t.co/kz8MSGsxLd
RT @ SecondLady : Thank you , @ Fort_Belvoir Eagle for helping to shine the spotlight on creative art therapies and the help art and music ther…
Saddened by the news of the bridge collapse at @ FIU . Our prayers are w/ the victims & amp ; their loved ones . @ SecElaineChao has been in contact w/ elected officials & amp ; @ NTSB is sending a team to investigate . @ POTUS & amp ; I will continue to monitor developments closely . https : //t.co/mtdQ5hGeKU
RT @ VPPressSec : . @ VP Pence has accepted an invitation to address @ OAS_Offical next week . He will reaffirm our strong partnerships across th…
Spoke w/ Iraq PM @ HaiderAlAbadi about our Admin ’ s commitment to PROTECT persecuted Christians & amp ; religious minorities in Iraq & amp ; the Middle East . Also congratulated PM on Iraqi Sec Forces success against ISIS & amp ; highlighted the partnership b/w them & amp ; US military & amp ; coalition partners
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act . We must put the…
Great meeting with local leaders from North Carolina at the @ WhiteHouse today ! Thanked them for their hard work and dedication to their communities and for everything they do for the people of the Tar Heel State . https : //t.co/tA2ELeXud7
RT @ SecondLady : Participated in a radio interview to help raise awareness about # arttherapy for veterans who experience PTSD . Listen to the…
RT @ GOPLeader : The House will not let this be the end . We will try again , pass legislation , and bring hope to those whose only desire is th…
RT @ SecondLady : A pleasure to speak to the National Lieutenant Governors Association in DC today about art therapy and the important role m…
Honored to join @ SenJoniErnst , @ carrielukas , @ TheHRH , @ HeyTammyBruce & amp ; many others at the @ IWF # WomensHistoryMonth celebration
tonight to honor inspiring women who have lifted our Nation & amp ; have helped build our communities . https : //t.co/XOKoyKTuRO
RT @ realDonaldTrump : If we don ’ t have a wall system , we ’ re not going to have a country . Congress must fund the BORDER WALL & amp ; prohibit grant…
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : What I learned during my visit to Cincinnati Children ’ s Hospital Medical Center https : //t.co/HCX2NNnAaU
Important discussion today on U.S. posture toward N. Korea w/ @ SenatorRisch , who just returned from S. Korea & amp ; @ SenCoryGardner , a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . They both can attest that our Admin ’ s MAXIMUM pressure campaign is working & amp ; our allies stand w/ us
Speaking now at a reception hosted by @ IWF celebrating # WomensHistoryMonth ! Listen live → https : //t.co/hXvyEZnrIC https : //t.co/C7ZL7m5oBJ
Productive afternoon of meetings w/ lawmakers on Capitol Hill & amp ; had the opportunity to meet some great folks visiting the Capitol from all over the U.S – a favorite part of my trips to the Hill ! https : //t.co/JsuvFfcUl4
Always great to see Jordan McLinn & amp ; his mother Laura McLinn , 2 great Hoosiers who have been fierce advocates for the Right to Try legislation the House will consider today . This bipartisan bill is about restoring hope to patients w/ terminal illnesses & amp ; it ’ s the right thing to do https : //t.co/IIaWJCBsWS
Great meeting @ KyleKashuv today - an extraordinary young man with a heart for helping those around him . We had a productive discussion about bipartisan ways we can address school safety and keep kids safe . https : //t.co/HoVnUvcIZl
RT @ SecondLady : Great visit at @ CincyChildrens where they have art therapy and music therapy programs . The therapists and staff are doing g…
Great talk with @ SeanHannity last night about our resolve toward North Korea , jobs and the need to FIX our broken immigration system . Watch the full interview here : https : //t.co/HEnLfKJLwc
After confirmation , both will continue to serve our Nation with distinction .
Mike Pompeo is a man of highest integrity w/ unquestionable
qualifications who will do an outstanding job . Gina Haspel is a dedicated public servant who will bring decades of experience to her new role as CIA Director .
Thanks to Rex Tillerson for his service to our Administration and Nation & amp ; I congratulate CIA Director Mike Pompeo on his nomination to become the 70th Secretary of State . My statement : https : //t.co/G79VIC6EEs
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP : “ What North Korea should know , what the world should know , is that we will not relent in our maximum pressure campaign. ” …
. @ POTUS made it clear the era of strategic patience is OVER . He 's marshaled unprecedented economic & amp ; diplomatic pressure on the regime in North Korea . And this breakthrough is a result of the strong leadership the President has provided on the world stage . https : //t.co/aS1CCSzSqd
WATCH @ FoxNews at 9 PM : I discuss our strong stance toward North Korea and more w/ @ SeanHannity .
Capping nearly 30 years in government , we thank Robert Lightfoot for his service to @ NASA & amp ; our Nation . @ RepJBridenstine would continue @ NASA ’ s important work & amp ; the Senate should swiftly confirm him as Administrator to carry on NASA ’ s proud tradition .
Pleased the House will consider important bipartisan Right to Try legislation tomorrow . This bill is about restoring hope & amp ; giving terminally-ill patients a fighting chance . Grateful to @ RepGregWalden , @ MichaelCBurgess , @ RepAndyBiggsAZ , & amp ; @ RepBrianFitz for leading on this issue
Joined @ SeanHannity for an interview about North Korea , Trump Tax Cuts , the American economy & amp ; jobs , the Administration ’ s priorities for 2018 , and more . Watch @ FoxNews tonight at 9 PM to see the interview . https : //t.co/Kb8DCZw4By
Our veterans are heroes & amp ; those who care for them deserve our thanks & amp ; praise . Karen & amp ; I are praying for comfort and healing for the families of 3 wonderful women who cared for our veterans at the Yountville Veterans Home . https : //t.co/kF1F5whCxp
The Buckeye State is BOOMING once again . Since our election , Ohio businesses have created more than 50,000 new jobs . And in Cleveland , the unemployment rate has dropped by nearly 10 % . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/yZ9B2GUVZX
When the time came to cut your taxes , @ SenSherrodBrown voted NO . But it ’ s not just tax cuts . Time and again , Sen. Sherrod Brown voted no on the policies that Ohio supports & amp ; Ohio needs . https : //t.co/u7Xtsi2LOt
We cut taxes for working families so the good people of Ohio can keep more of your hard-earned money . We cut taxes on American biz & amp ; their employees so Ohio manufacturers and job creators can compete and win , anywhere in the world . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/CD0vYX25YJ
Great event in Cleveland to talk JOBS & amp ; the TRUMP TAX CUTS . Since election day 2016 , 3 million jobs have been created , and just last month , 313K jobs were created all across the United States . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/IN9tuxtioX
Speaking now in Ohio after this morning ’ s GREAT jobs report about the Trump Administration ’ s year of action & amp ; year of RESULTS . We promised to cut taxes for working Americans , and we DID . Listen live → https : //t.co/VD4PLtjFP7 # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/lnhR7JfZRB
The Trump Administration ’ s PRO-JOBS , PRO-AMERICA agenda is WORKING ! https : //t.co/N10J2mSFBd
With big increases in manufacturing and construction jobs , I ’ m traveling to Ohio this afternoon to highlight how the TRUMP TAX CUTS are already helping working families & amp ; having a GREAT impact on Ohio JOBS . Listen to my remarks here : https : //t.co/VD4PLtjFP7 # TaxCutsForAmerica
RT @ realDonaldTrump : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! # MAGA https : //t.co/YAaqRcA7ZS
Manufacturing jobs up 31K in February - and have increased by 263,000 since @ POTUS took office ! https : //t.co/kF3afppLpf
“ Construction firms added 61,000 workers , the biggest increase in nearly 11 years for the sector. ” https : //t.co/5A4NI5HH8b
GREAT NEWS ! 313,000 new JOBS created in February and nearly 3 million jobs added since @ POTUS was elected . A year of ACTION , a year of RESULTS ! https : //t.co/6U6voYFqH8
My statement on North Korea : https : //t.co/T4MghUgIGH
Just over 2 months ago , @ POTUS signed the largest TAX CUTS in American history . When I visit Cleveland today , I 'll see firsthand that our tax cuts are working & amp ; they 're making a remarkable difference in the Buckeye State . Read my op-ed in @ Clevelanddotcom : https : //t.co/e7lgAYLtfX
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives , not just a freeze . Also , no missile t…
RT @ NASA : At @ Cabinet meeting , @ POTUS says `` NASA is making tremendous strides '' at enabling commercial spaceflight at @ NASAKennedy spaceport…
America ’ s space enterprise is important to our ENTIRE Nation . Hard working men & amp ; women in every state build the World ’ s most advanced rockets , satellites & amp ; spaceships . As we continue to lead in space there ’ s NO LIMIT to the jobs & amp ; prosperity that will be created across the U.S. https : //t.co/qFdx0IN1PJ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : “ Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States ”

Proclamation : https : //t.co/aCaM…
As I briefed @ POTUS & amp ; @ Cabinet today : with @ NASA_SLS & amp ; @ NASA_Orion leading the way back to the moon and with support of our commercial partners – the U.S. is keeping high skilled jobs & amp ; advancing us in the # NextFrontier . https : //t.co/vpaBykfIBV
Briefed @ POTUS & amp ; @ Cabinet on National Space Council . This Administration is LEADING IN SPACE by bringing together private sector & amp ; federal gov't - huge advances ! We 'll continue to strengthen national security & amp ; unleash innovation , which creates high-paying JOBS in America . # space https : //t.co/qArVDTV1b2
Today , on # InternationalWomensDay - and ALL days - we recognize the countless contributions women have made to our economy , our communities , & amp ; our Nation . The Trump Admin will continue to strive to empower women across America to keep making a profound impact .
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Creative Arts Therapies : Healing Hidden Wounds of War https : //t.co/nZVUlVZN9N
Great stops in Council Bluffs , Omaha , and Lexington in the last two days . THANK YOU to all the local law enforcement for everything you do every day ! https : //t.co/TMytKwNxa1
Thanks @ GovMattBevin for welcoming us to the Bluegrass State ! The Trump Tax Cuts will save the typical Kentucky family of four $ 2,100/yr . The tax cuts are making a REAL DIFFERENCE in the lives of working families ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/rlQ8W6Llne
RT @ SecondLady : Visited a National Intrepid Center of Excellence at @ Fort_Belvoir Community Hospital in Virginia . Amazing stories about how…
Great seeing @ RepAndyBarr in Kentucky . He has been fighting every day for Kentucky ’ s farmers , manufacturers , and working families . He voted to cut taxes & amp ; put Kentucky and America FIRST . THANK YOU , CONGRESSMAN ! https : //t.co/2rl4toqsNo
Bonuses and pay raises are making a REAL DIFFERENCE for working families all across this country . And any leader who says $ 1,000 in the pockets of working families is “ crumbs ” is OUT OF TOUCH with the American people ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/hMWvRF1M7p
The best days for American prosperity are just around the corner because the TRUMP TAX CUTS are just starting to make a difference . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/ZL2OES2YOp
RT @ AmericaFirstPol : . @ VP : `` Since Election Day 2016 , businesses large and small have created more than 2.5 MILLION NEW JOBS all across this…
Speaking now in Kentucky about the Trump Administration ’ s year of promises made and promises kept . We promised to cut taxes for working Americans , and we did , and we ’ re already seeing a positive impact . Listen live → https : //t.co/tenQQSSWUk # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/pdMWRXJ5Jt
In Kentucky to speak with hard working men & amp ; women about how the Trump Tax Cuts are already helping Kentucky families and businesses across the state . Watch : https : //t.co/tenQQSSWUk # TaxCutsForAmerica
Joined @ KETV to talk about how the Trump TAX CUTS are already working for the people of Iowa and Nebraska . Watch : https : //t.co/wJnOaxZWew https : //t.co/CUeGgykOdL
It ’ s been a year of action & amp ; a year of PROMISES MADE & amp ; PROMISES KEPT . We promised to unleash American energy & amp ; we did . We promised to roll back the heavy hand of gov't & amp ; we did . And we promised to CUT TAXES for America 's working families & amp ; WE DID ! Great evening in Council Bluffs ! https : //t.co/Rdh2CUrAnN
Gary Cohn did a great job as @ POTUS ’ s Director of the National Economic Council - helping pass the largest tax reforms in U.S. history , cutting job-killing regs & amp ; spurring our economy . Thank you Gary for your tireless work on behalf of the American people .
RT @ AmericaFirstPol : . @ VP : `` Today Americans are seeing their paychecks rise faster than at any point over the past ten years . '' # TaxCutsForA…
Whichever direction talks with North Korea go , the United States and our allies will continue to apply MAXIMUM PRESSURE on the Kim regime until we see North Korea take credible and concrete steps toward denuclearization . We will remain firm in our resolve . https : //t.co/smHZxLowbO
As I said in Iowa the TRUMP TAX CUTS will save the typical family in Iowa nearly $ 2,500/yr & amp ; in Nebraska $ 2,300/yr . But it ’ s also about the bigger paychecks that come from biz investing those tax savings in American JOBS & amp ; American WORKERS . Great night in Iowa ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/4JIHu4xufc
The Trump Administration is cracking down on unfair trade practices & amp ; fighting for trade deals that are fair , reciprocal , and trade that puts AMERICAN JOBS AND AMERICAN WORKERS FIRST . https : //t.co/ngJv6BTQ7w
Our tax cuts are just starting to make a difference . We cut taxes for working families so you can keep more of your hard-earned money . We cut taxes for American businesses & amp ; their employees so Iowa farmers & amp ; manufacturers can compete & amp ; win anywhere in the world # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/8Y2sLBho3S
Talked w/ the great people of Iowa & amp ; Nebraska about how the Trump Tax Cuts are helping their communities . Companies on both sides of the Missouri River have already announced plans to pay workers more , hand out bonuses & amp ; hire more people & amp ; open new locations # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/RW3mwDihs0
Listen live → In Iowa talking w/ working families about the TRUMP TAX CUTS , which have already allowed the hard working men & amp ; women of Iowa to keep more of their hard-earned money : https : //t.co/sjfP8LSLbj # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/lv747HM9CY
Heading to Council Bluffs , IA this afternoon . As I wrote in the @ DMregister today , we cut taxes for hard-working Iowans ! Looking forward to talking w/ them about how the Trump TAX CUTS are already helping to grow a stronger economy . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/1jZ8oAsxZ4
RT @ SecondLady : In recognition of Children 's Hospital Week , we applaud the great work being done to help children with cancer at the @ tracy…
My statement on North Korea : https : //t.co/l3yoUcLrRf
GREAT night speaking at @ AIPAC . As I told them , the alliance between America and Israel has never been stronger , the friendship between our peoples has never been deeper , and AMERICA STANDS WITH ISRAEL . # AIPAC2018 https : //t.co/qa27fsl6gj
The United States of America will NEVER allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon . # AIPAC2018 https : //t.co/9YivOxcUVB
We ’ ve made great progress in the FIGHT against ISIS . We ’ ve beaten them on the battlefield time & amp ; again . But as the enemy retreats , we must be vigilant to prevent others from taking its place . We will not allow the defeat of ISIS to become a victory for Iran . # AIPAC2018 https : //t.co/A9RzGZEhy7
While every president for the past two decades promised to recognize the capital of Israel , @ POTUS did more than promise , he DELIVERED & amp ; it was my great honor earlier this year to be the first VP to address the Knesset in Jerusalem , the capital of the State of Israel ! # AIPAC2018 https : //t.co/R97iGDw13Y
Speaking now at @ AIPAC about the unbreakable bond between the United States and our most cherished ally , Israel . Watch live → https : //t.co/mrGUNFrczb # AIPAC2018 https : //t.co/qKaDEU6Ovi
The Trump Tax Cuts are working in Iowa & amp ; I ’ m looking forward to talking w/ the hard working men & amp ; women of Iowa tomorrow about how the tax cuts are benefiting their communities . Read my op-ed in the @ DMregister : https : //t.co/RRPPLS7nwK # TaxCutsForAmerica
Great to see PM @ netanyahu at the @ WhiteHouse today . Looking forward to speaking at @ AIPAC tonight . The alliance between Israel & amp ; the U.S has never been stronger & amp ; the friendship between our peoples has never been deeper . Watch tonight at 6:15→ https : //t.co/ixHd0ViNEL # AIPAC2018
RT @ IsraeliPM : Stronger than ever 🇮🇱🇺🇸 @ POTUS https : //t.co/zSROdUVcBG
RT @ SecondLady : This week is Children 's Hospital Week . @ RileyChildrens has an amazing art therapy program that 's helping young patients wit…
On this special day in 1931 , the Star Spangled Banner became our National Anthem . As a proud Nation , we must always respect our great American flag & amp ; our National Anthem in order to honor those brave Americans who defend & amp ; protect the United States of America . https : //t.co/58fViLAoO4
In the Motor City , Fiat Chrysler is giving out $ 2,000-TAX CUT BONUSES to all of its workers . And they ’ re going to move their entire production line from MEXICO TO MICHIGAN & amp ; create 2,500 new good-paying JOBS . Fiat Chrysler said YES to America & amp ; YES to Michigan . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/5wn7pQBraH
Michigan is leading the American comeback like never before ! Since Election Day 2016 , businesses large and small across America have created more than 2.5 million new jobs – including 58,000 new jobs right here in Michigan alone . https : //t.co/x6KPFtrsma
RT @ realDonaldTrump : REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM ! https : //t.co/2qMoUccVC2
. @ SenStabenow & amp ; @ SenGaryPeters voted no on Tax Cuts . But I believe the people of Michigan deserve BETTER ! Your paychecks are getting bigger because the TRUMP TAX CUTS are working for Michigan and they ’ re working for America . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/EeujaAPhzs
. @ POTUS promised to cut taxes across the board for working families and job creators & amp ; just over two months ago , he signed the LARGEST TAX CUTS and tax reform in American history ! That 's PROMISES MADE , PROMISES KEPT ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/yQjNJVAHBo
Listen live → Speaking to hardworking Michiganders in Detroit about the Trump TAX CUTS , which give the typical Michigan family of four $ 2,300 more of their own hard-earned money : https : //t.co/rxUI3wJ7ts # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/YNs8urkTRm
Just arrived in Michigan . Looking forward to talking about how the Trump TAX CUTS are already helping to create more JOBS and grow a stronger economy . Listen to my remarks here : https : //t.co/rxUI3wJ7ts # TaxCutsForAmerica
Emotional and inspiring service for Reverend Billy Graham . He will be missed . As @ Franklin_Graham said , `` I can only imagine what it was like for my father to step into heaven . And there was the Lord Jesus Christ there to say , 'Well done , good and faithful servant . ' ”
Karen and I are on our way to North Carolina to join @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS to pay tribute to the life and legacy of Reverend Billy Graham . We ’ ll join the Graham family and the hearts of millions to say , “ Thank you Billy Graham , and God bless you . ”
When I visit Detroit , I 'll bring a message that the American economy is ROARING back to life . Biz large & amp ; small have created 2.5M jobs , including 58K in MI alone . But @ POTUS & amp ; I aren ’ t content to coast . It ’ s time to hit the gas . Read my @ DetroitNews op-ed : https : //t.co/ChUkUBFWKl
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you to everyone who attended today ’ s opioids summit @ WhiteHouse . A special thanks to Betty Henderson for having the coura…
. @ DHSgov employees across the country have answered the call of service & amp ; dedicated their lives to protecting the homeland . And as I told department employees today , WALLS WORK . And we will build the wall for the American people & amp ; our SECURITY . https : //t.co/EBaxpzBVMb
We live in a world of widening challenges and unknowable threats – and to protect America ’ s homeland we must detect and defeat those who would dare threaten us before they reach our shores . https : //t.co/OFPy3lcy7s
Thanked the incredible men and women who work at @ DHSgov for stepping up to protect our homeland & amp ; our people . America is SAFER and MORE SECURE because of their service , courage and their sacrifice . https : //t.co/7BPvd0RnXN
Speaking to @ DHSgov employees today to thank the hardworking men and women who serve our Nation and help to keep our communities SAFE . Listen live : https : //t.co/lWmz5LDliu https : //t.co/DDPJUrlbpZ
Proud to cast the tie-breaking vote in the U.S Senate to confirm my friend Russ Vought as the deputy director for the Office of Management & amp ; Budget . He brings integrity & amp ; a servant ’ s heart to the job . @ POTUS & amp ; I are confident he ’ ll serve the American people well in this new role . https : //t.co/fkoqC0zPhB
Today we paid a debt of gratitude & amp ; honor for the life & amp ; ministry of one of the greatest Americans of the past century : the Reverend Billy Graham . Billy Graham was a man of towering faith , whose ministry for the Gospel & amp ; his matchless voice inspired our Nation & amp ; the world https : //t.co/FuKaIPOGTi
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Starting at a small Bible School in Florida , Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival . From a large tent in Los Ange…
Talked to @ radiotalkermike about how Reverend Billy Graham was one of the greatest Americans of the past century . The impact of the Gospel message he shared impacted tens of millions across this country and across the wider world . https : //t.co/1E9IRZDolq
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the…
Karen and I join @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS to honor the life and legacy of the great Reverend Billy Graham as he lies in honor in the United States Capitol Rotunda . Watch live : https : //t.co/xeZKO3J8eX
At the @ NRBconvention in Nashville yesterday , I made clear that the Trump Administration will continue to strive until we restore the sanctity of LIFE to the center of American law & amp ; we 'll continue to work to defend the fundamental freedoms of SPEECH & amp ; RELIGION . https : //t.co/Vtwmt4mGoK
Talked w/ @ radiotalkermike yesterday while at the @ NRBconvetion about the Trump Administration ’ s RESULTS from year one and our priorities moving forward . Listen to the interview at 9 AM : https : //t.co/Q99Rrfb9cK
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to present the 2018 Courage Award to @ SteveScalise at the @ tracyskidsdc art therapy program fundraising event . He h…
Thank you Nashville & amp ; grateful to all local law enforcement for their dedication , sacrifice , and service . Thanks for all you do to keep your communities safe . https : //t.co/N9OPqyNATU
Thank you @ NRBAssociation for all you have done for faith & amp ; freedom over the years . Through broadcasts & amp ; programs , you have the power to strengthen the character of this Nation & amp ; revive the vitality & amp ; virtue of the American people . Great @ NRBconvention in Nashville ! Heading home . https : //t.co/CEjgxq6yYP
At the @ NRBConvention & amp ; joined @ radiotalkermike to discuss the Trump Administration ’ s work to advance an agenda focused on a stronger military , a stronger America & amp ; a growing economy . Listen tomorrow at 9 AM to hear the interview : https : //t.co/EObzbRK5FD
As I told @ Larryelder at the @ NRBConvention : At the national level , the Trump Admin will continue to drive policies that will make it more possible for every parent to be able to drop their children off at school in the morning & amp ; know that they 're going to be SAFE all day . https : //t.co/JUbu758E64
Talked with @ larryelder at the @ NRBConvention about how the Trump Administration is working to address school safety & amp ; END the scourge of violence in our schools . Listen to our full interview at 6 PM EST : https : //t.co/CdiIJPKY8W
Just over one month ago , I traveled to the Middle East & amp ; announced the U.S will no longer fund ineffective relief programs through the UN & amp ; for the first time , we are providing direct support to Christian & amp ; religious minorities to rebuild their homes , communities & amp ; their lives . https : //t.co/YHFVDQb4bR
At today ’ s @ NRBconvention , we paid a debt of gratitude for the Reverend Billy Graham . Tomorrow Billy Graham will lie in honor in the Capitol Rotunda . We will join w/ the hearts of millions around the world who will say w/ my small family , “ Thank you Billy Graham & amp ; God bless you. ” https : //t.co/y1vKe745p7
In Nashville and honored to be speaking to the @ NRBAssociation at their 75th annual @ NRBConvetion . Listen live : https : //t.co/G3CKHb41VP # Proclaim18 https : //t.co/P5BERJf4zx
While we have made great progress , we still have much more to do . Americans , especially younger Americans , are choosing and embracing the sanctity of LIFE more and more every day , and we have to be their voice . https : //t.co/PqjHVnbXld
Spoke at the @ SBAList luncheon about how the Trump Admin has been keeping its word to STAND FOR the sanctity of HUMAN LIFE . We 've reinstated the Mexico City Policy , allowed states to defund Planned Parenthood & amp ; @ POTUS addressed this year 's March for Life from the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/9irXVrtCWk
On my way to Nashville , Tennessee . Looking forward to speaking at lunch with the @ SBAlist & amp ; at the 75th annual @ NRBconvention about the GREAT WORK they ’ ve done for faith and freedom over the years . https : //t.co/4wQNvvHiQ7
RT @ SecondLady : Visited the National Museum of African American History & amp ; Culture this morning with my staff . What a great tribute to Afric…
Thank you Hoosiers & amp ; Indiana Society of Washington D.C. for hosting @ SecondLady & amp ; me tonight . Wherever life takes us , we will always know that everything we are & amp ; everything we 'll do is owing entirely to the grace of God , to our wonderful family & amp ; the good people of Indiana . https : //t.co/o1XfXGKTRs
Wonderful night w/ the Indiana Society of Washington DC . Indiana is truly special . We feed the Nation , our manufactured goods are the marvel of American industry & amp ; exported all over the planet . We pioneered the life sciences . We lead in ed , innovation , reform & amp ; infrastructure . https : //t.co/EcCaRVHVeo
Karen and I are honored and humbled to be part of tonight ’ s Indiana Society Tribute to a Hoosier Vice President and @ SecondLady . Listen live : https : //t.co/YAhRFvMegE https : //t.co/knivxAgSlm
Since day one , the Trump Admin has partnered with Governors on issues that matter most to the American people . Today ’ s meeting w/ our Governors focused on partnering to ensure the SAFETY & amp ; SECURITY of our children & amp ; schools , and @ POTUS has made school safety a TOP PRIORITY . https : //t.co/a5X32yA6f5
Honored to meet Victor Quinonez , an inspiring young man who plans to someday serve in the Marine Corps like his father before him . Serving our nation in uniform is the noblest ambition . Thank you , Victor , for standing up to support our great military ! # SemperFi https : //t.co/SS6SAjQTuQ
. @ SecondLady & amp ; I were honored to host a bipartisan mtg of governors from across the country today at the Naval Observatory . Today & amp ; in the days ahead we 'll have many substantive conversations w/our Nation ’ s governors about what can be done to make our schools safe . @ NatlGovsAssoc https : //t.co/3RcoFjPI81
The US intensifies the MAXIMUM pressure on North Korea to denuclearize . Two weeks ago in Japan , at @ POTUS ’ direction , I announced the US would impose the toughest & amp ; most aggressive economic sanctions on North Korea ever . Today , @ POTUS delivered .
RT @ SecondLady : Visited the George Washington University Art Therapy Department & amp ; spoke with students about their participation in the Art…
We are — as @ POTUS Trump says — “ a nation of pioneers. ” And I know America will once again astonish the world with the heights we reach and the wonders we achieve . https : //t.co/vWZNYw8xb7
Thank you , @ mschlapp and @ CPAC ! It was great to be back at the largest gathering of conservatives in America . In the days ahead , as we work to advance our cause and restore our country , let ’ s remember to claim what @ BillyGraham called “ hope for the present & amp ; hope for the future. ” https : //t.co/0QX0oYtgyn
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Art Therapy Helps to Unlock Emotions Buried Within https : //t.co/3ySMz8YQM8
We ’ ve taken the fight to terrorists — on our terms , on their soil . Under @ POTUS ’ leadership , ISIS is on the run and the caliphate has crumbled . https : //t.co/mb5a5C7kMb
The USA doesn ’ t stand WITH murderous dictatorships — the USA stands UP to murderous dictatorships ! And we will keep standing strong until North Korea stops threatening the United States and our allies — and abandons their nuclear and ballistic missile programs once and for all ! https : //t.co/eleE7vJaR7
On the economy — @ POTUS has delivered ! We ’ ve unleashed American energy , repealed 22 regulations for every new one , & amp ; last month — signed the LARGEST TAX CUT in American history ! https : //t.co/jVmv0RKgPg
When @ POTUS addressed you last year , he declared that our “ victory was a victory for conservative values ” — and it was ! https : //t.co/ifwZf7DSvM
No child , no teacher should ever be in danger in an American school . Our Administration is taking action to end gun violence in schools once and for all . https : //t.co/ke87RGZZEI
WATCH LIVE : Honored to be introduced by @ SecondLady at @ CPAC2018 . Watch LIVE here : https : //t.co/0NLGyCOH13
COMING UP @ 10:30am : I ’ ll be speaking LIVE at the largest annual gathering of conservatives in the nation — @ CPAC ! Tune in — & gt ; https : //t.co/0NLGyCOH13 @ ACUConservative
THANK YOU @ POTUS for hosting an incredibly important dialogue today on how to keep our children safe . And thank you to the brave students & amp ; families who spoke today . Our administration is taking action to combat the scourge of school violence . https : //t.co/ThuavM238K
With the good work of the National Space Council at @ NASAKennedy today , and with the strong leadership of @ POTUS Trump and the support of the American people — I know we will astonish the world with the heights we reach and the wonders we achieve . https : //t.co/bdJ6RWUxpY
As @ POTUS Trump has said , it is America ’ s destiny to be the leader amongst nations on our adventure into the great unknown . And we ’ re going to write the next chapter of that adventure with American industry and American ingenuity . https : //t.co/LSNxyqTxZC
We are — as @ POTUS Trump has said — a nation of pioneers . And he firmly believes that our past triumphs draw us onward and upward , to begin new journeys of exploration of our own , and reclaim our destiny at the vanguard of humanity ’ s great adventure into the unknown . https : //t.co/YLnxfxJjP1
Just over one year ago , @ POTUS declared that our nation stands “ at the birth of a new millennium , ready to unlock the mysteries of space ” – & amp ; today , after the first year of our administration , the record is clear : under @ POTUS , America is leading in space once again . https : //t.co/HdrK5x4V1n
RT @ VP : https : //t.co/DJJVY8vRrh
https : //t.co/DJJVY8vRrh
. @ POTUS took a crucial step to secure America ’ s future on the infinite frontier when he relaunched the National Space Council . Today , I ’ m honored , as chairman , to host the Council ’ s second meeting . WATCH LIVE : https : //t.co/SEDpzgbMY8 https : //t.co/jAist6MDBv
Billy Graham 's ministry for the gospel of Jesus Christ and his matchless voice changed the lives of millions . We mourn his passing but I know with absolute certainty that today he heard those words , `` well done good and faithful servant . '' Thank you Billy Graham . God bless you ( 2/2 )
Karen and I were saddened to learn of the passing of one of the greatest Americans of the century , Reverend Billy Graham . We send our deepest condolences to the Graham family . ( 1/2 )
Today I surveyed @ blueorigin and @ ulalaunch ’ s manufacturing facilities . These companies are making huge advancements on the # NextFrontier . Looking forward to our second meeting of the # NationalSpaceCouncil tomorrow . https : //t.co/u1Hxq37GoM
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Art Therapy : My First Music Therapy Session with Children # ArtTherapy https : //t.co/ayzqbLPlFY
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law . `` This shows small-business owners are more tha…
I do try and start every day reading the Bible . My wife and I try to have a prayer together before I leave the house every morning . But I do think I ’ m a very typical American . I think people of all different faith traditions cherish their faith in God . https : //t.co/evs2Wvr6fB
In 2017 , we saw a 73 % increase in assaults against @ CBP agents guarding our southern border . We need more personnel & amp ; we need to build a wall . I discussed this with @ ainsleyearhardt at the border in Texas . https : //t.co/HOhN2R7p2t
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP : “ The president is absolutely committed… to work with the Republicans in the House and the Senate , to work with Democrats…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP : “ I ’ ve learned that we ’ ve made great progress in securing our border since President Trump took office. ” https : //t.co/WiX…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP : “ Being here on the border , seeing the work that our border patrol does every day , it just underscores the need for the C…
RT @ FoxNews : COMING UP : @ ainsleyearhardt 's interview with @ VP Mike Pence at the Southern Border - Tune in at 6a ET on Fox News Channel ! htt…
RT @ FoxNews : MONDAY MORNING on @ foxandfriends : @ ainsleyearhardt interviews @ VP Mike Pence at the Southern Border - Tune in at 6a ET on Fox…
Tomorrow on @ foxandfriends , watch what @ DHSgov faces on our southern border . See the work that @ CBP does every day along the Rio Grande to keep our Nation safe & amp ; secure . My interview with @ ainsleyearhardt on @ FoxNews tomorrow morning . https : //t.co/W5GwUzuBf7
Heading back to DC after two days in Texas . Grateful to the Dallas Police Dept & amp ; all the local law enforcement of Texas for their support on this trip and their selfless work every day for their communities . https : //t.co/11wJaq1FZz
I traveled along the US/Mexico border to see the challenges that @ CBP & amp ; @ DHSgov face securing our Nation . @ ainsleyearhardt joined us & amp ; we spoke about @ POTUS priorities to SECURE our border & amp ; BUILD A WALL . Watch our conversation Monday morning on @ foxandfriends on @ FoxNews https : //t.co/kaqyOj2sk4
RT @ SecondLady : First time observing a music therapy session for children . They 're doing great work @ ChildrensTheOne in Dallas ! They have a…
RT @ SecondLady : Fantastic visit at The Art Station in Fort Worth , Texas . The founder took an old fire station and turned it into a place wh…
Thanks @ AmericaFirstPol for hosting a great Tax Cuts to Put America First event in Dallas today . More than 4.3 million American workers have gotten a raise or bonus since the tax cuts passed . Nearly 88,000 Texans already have gotten a @ POTUS Trump Bonus over the past two months ! https : //t.co/VZUKnZ0Lln
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : How Art Therapy Uplifts Children Fighting Cancer https : //t.co/S9r2w5YmXH
RT @ SecondLady : IN THE NEWS : Second Lady Tours Art Therapy Program At San Antonio Children 's Hospital | Texas Public Radio # ArtTherapy htt…
RT @ SecondLady : Great visit at Methodist Children 's Hospital in San Antonio , TX where I met the art therapist & amp ; children participating in t…
. @ POTUS signed into law the largest tax cuts & amp ; tax reform in American history ! We cut taxes for working families – and now the typical family of four in the Dallas-Fort Worth area will keep about $ 2,300 more of their hard-earned money . https : //t.co/6M7I3xyeMQ
In Dallas speaking about Tax Cuts to Put America First ! Businesses have created more than 2.5 million new jobs since our election – including over 125,000 new jobs in the Dallas-Fort Worth area . Across the nation , unemployment hasn ’ t been this low in 17 years . https : //t.co/kLSa9aIbNQ
After detailed briefing along our southern border yesterday from @ SecNielsen & amp ; @ DHSgov on keeping our Nation safe , I ’ ll be speaking in Dallas this morning on the importance of securing our border & amp ; @ POTUS pro-worker TAX CUTS ! https : //t.co/zepGleXpWb
Surveyed border w/ @ DHSgov @ SecNielsen & amp ; @ SenTedCruz & amp ; thanked @ CBP for their hard work to secure our border . Being at the southern border & amp ; seeing the work of our border patrol & amp ; customs officials underscores the need to BUILD THE WALL to enhance the security of our Nation . https : //t.co/DzVcAyQqcu
In Hidalgo today , saw how narrow the Rio Grande can be to cross . We need THE WALL & amp ; we need more personnel . Last year , there was a 73 % increase in the number of assaults on border patrol agents guarding our southern border . We need more personnel to make sure our border is SAFE . https : //t.co/zdqisFoV5z
Important briefing today at our Nations ’ southern border with @ DHSgov @ SecNielsen & amp ; @ SenTedCruz . Grateful to the brave men & amp ; women of @ CBP @ ICEgov & amp ; @ USCIS who work everyday to secure our border . As I told @ ainsleyearhardt we need to BUILD THE WALL ! https : //t.co/0GPQBfJ6EO
The heartache in Broward County is unimaginable . We are as one Nation praying for the victims & amp ; their families . When @ POTUS meets with the Nation 's Governors in the days ahead , he will make school safety a top priority of the Trump Administration . https : //t.co/cPdbRzSLBK
RT @ SecondLady : Looking forward to visiting @ tracyskidsdc art therapy program while we 're in # Texas . # ArtTherapy https : //t.co/EiOOaWvunE
Heading to Texas to survey our nation ’ s border with @ DHSgov @ SecNielsen and to be briefed on potential security threats by U.S. Customs & amp ; Border Protection . It ’ s a matter of vital national security that we secure our border . https : //t.co/BnSMJyZSY1
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have bee…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Presidential proclamation honoring the victims of the tragedy in Parkland , Florida : https : //t.co/LR6VKFqcXJ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : In times of tragedy , the bonds that sustain us are those of family , faith , community , and country . These bonds are str…
. @ POTUS and I will continue to monitor developments following the terrible shooting in Broward County and will provide any & amp ; all federal assistance to local law enforcement . Grateful to all the courageous law enforcement & amp ; emergency medical personnel who responded so swiftly . https : //t.co/qL8kSrCsMr
Our hearts break for all the victims and families affected by today ’ s terrible school shooting in Broward County , FL . These students , teachers , administrators , & amp ; families will all remain in our prayers .
North Korea 's Kim family is a family that very recently ordered that their brother be murdered using chemical weapons . This is a regime & amp ; family that ordered their uncle be executed in front of 10,000 people . This is evil in the likes of which we have witnessed rarely . # Axios360 https : //t.co/obGn3PSzm6
North Korea is the most tyrannical and oppressive regime on the planet . North Korea needs to understand that nothing will change until North Korea permanently abandons its nuclear weapon and ballistic missile programs . # Axios360 https : //t.co/E8qF6EbO2M
RT @ VP : . @ SecondLady…my valentine since 1983 . Happy Valentine ’ s Day ! https : //t.co/2ajqlmvilS
. @ SecondLady…my valentine since 1983 . Happy Valentine ’ s Day ! https : //t.co/2ajqlmvilS
Karen and I are praying for those involved in the shooting at the NSA . @ POTUS and I are monitoring the situation closely .
Tomorrow we will commemorate the 200th birthday of a great American , Frederick Douglass . 200 years ago , tomorrow , America was blessed by the birth of a man who , in his lifetime , through his intellect , personal courage & amp ; inspiration , transformed America into a more perfect Union . https : //t.co/SvIPVgl0yv
I spoke today at @ NMAAHC . The history recorded in those halls is stitched into every fabric of the American story . It ’ s a story of hope defeating evil , courage overcoming injustice , but also the story of fellow Americans fighting to claim their birthright of liberty & amp ; equality . https : //t.co/fkq7k2nSD7
We gathered at @ NMAAHC to recognize African American History Month & amp ; honor the contributions of great African Americans to our society . It was deeply humbling for me to be at our great national monument to reflect on the struggles , sacrifices & amp ; triumphs of so many American heroes https : //t.co/VMkGA73yH4
Today , on his 209th birthday , we remember the life of President Abraham Lincoln . We will always honor the patriotism , leadership & amp ; legacy of our 16th President who preserved our Union and envisioned a Nation where all men & amp ; women lived as free people .
Despite potential talks , and irrespective of if they happen w/USA or S. Korea , new strong sanctions are coming very soon and the maximum pressure campaign will only intensify until North Korea abandons its nuclear program . All our allies agree !
Back in DC . Proud to stand w/Japan & amp ; South Korea reaffirming our strong alliance . Our policy regarding North Korea is unchanged from my trip . @ POTUS has said he “ always believes in talking ” but there will be NO reward for talks ...
What a special privilege & amp ; honor for Karen and me to lead the U.S. delegation to the Olympics Opening Ceremony , to represent our GREAT NATION & amp ; to meet so many inspiring and talented # Olympic athletes . Very PROUD of @ TeamUSA ! https : //t.co/Efh5MxBXLH
RT @ WhiteHouse : # VPinAsia in Photos : https : //t.co/sbApvEVoAv https : //t.co/lLruQrEmbE
I 'm grateful for the strong relationship between the U.S & amp ; South Korea . We 're going to stand solidly with South Korea and with all of our allies to continue to bring the maximum pressure to bear on North Korea . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/EfqB6yWLi0
Honored & amp ; humbled to lead the U.S delegation of @ SecondLady , Gen. Vincent Brooks , Gen. James Thurman , @ MarcKnapper , @ SarahHughesNY , & amp ; Fred Warmbier to the # Olympics Opening Ceremony . Thank you to the entire American delegation for representing our GREAT NATION . https : //t.co/i0i9vvuggy
It was an honor & amp ; privilege to meet so many inspiring & amp ; talented Olympic athletes . Their hard work & amp ; dedication got them here and I could n't be more proud to root for # TeamUSA ! https : //t.co/U7XpfboFij
Honored to watch talented American & amp ; Korean athletes face off side-by-side with my friend , President Moon . He & amp ; I both reaffirmed our commitment to the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . S. Korea stands shoulder-to-shoulder with the U.S & amp ; our allies . https : //t.co/1XN2PIpZuD
Congrats to @ BineyMaame on advancing in Women ’ s 500M ! @ SecondLady & amp ; I are rooting for you ! Let ’ s go # TeamUSA # pyeongchang2018 🇺🇸
Well said , @ AmbJohnBolton . The U.S will not allow the propaganda charade by the North Korean regime to go unchallenged on the world stage . The world can NOT turn a blind eye to the oppression & amp ; threats of the Kim regime . https : //t.co/PPtiPpeMNI
RT @ SecondLady : What a night ! Honored to represent the USA at the # WinterOlympics ! # TeamUSA # OpeningCeremony 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/aOJwXH21fL
Great meeting you , @ KatieU11 ! Rooting for you & amp ; all of @ TeamUSA ! Go get ‘ em . # TeamUSA https : //t.co/4Vmb4ufkca
An incredible honor for Karen and me to lead the U.S. Delegation at the @ Pyeongchang2018 Winter Olympic Games . The Opening Ceremony was extraordinary , and we wish ALL THE BEST for our @ TeamUSA athletes . # TeamUSA # VPinAsia https : //t.co/1W2f5djir9
Before the Opening Ceremony , Karen & amp ; I and the entire Presidential Delegation visited the USA House and wished all of our incredible @ TeamUSA athletes GOOD LUCK in the upcoming Olympic Games . GO # TEAMUSA ! # VPinAsia https : //t.co/NbXg45ShpW
We are determined to make sure that even in the midst of the powerful background & amp ; idealism of the Olympics , the World is reminded of the truth about North Korea . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/ZKmbxhlzMz
We 're going to make it crystal clear that our military , the Japanese Self-Defense Forces , our allies in South Korea & amp ; all our allies across the region are fully prepared to defend our Nations & amp ; to take what action is necessary to defend our homeland . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/kQ1uwn5DfU
WATCH : Joined @ LesterHoltNBC on @ NBCNightlyNews to discuss how we ’ re in S. Korea at the @ Pyeongchang2018 Olympics to cheer on @ TeamUSA , but also to remind the World of the truth about North Korea ’ s oppressive & amp ; dangerous regime . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/zkKueyw3jA
RT @ NBCNightlyNews : EXCLUSIVE : Vice President Mike Pence tells @ LesterHoltNBC that the U.S. is `` fully prepared '' to defend against North Kor…
Karen & amp ; I were honored to meet w/ victims of the oppressive North Korean regime . We heard the harrowing stories of defectors who risked life & amp ; limb for freedom , & amp ; from Fred Warmbier , father of the late Otto Warmbier . We admire their resilience . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/90kUlGSXG7
RT @ VPPressSec : Touching & amp ; heartbreaking moment as Ji Seong-ho , who fled the N. Korean regime , embraces Fred Warmbier , who lost his son at…
Together with our allies and partners , we will continue to strive to peacefully dismantle North Korea ’ s nuclear program and alleviate the suffering of its people . Let the World know : We are ready for any eventuality . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/jRfj04Db91
Karen & amp ; I landed in Seoul for important conversations with South Korean President Moon . The U.S & amp ; our global allies will continue to intensify our maximum pressure campaign on N. Korea until it abandons its nuclear & amp ; ballistic missile programs once & amp ; for all . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/lYz6vroa1y
RT @ SecondLady : Lovely conversation with Mrs. Kim Jung-Sook , the First Lady of the Republic of Korea . https : //t.co/CWAtubf9dC
Toured @ USForcesJapan operations at Yokota Air Base & amp ; met some of the incredible men & amp ; women serving the American people . North Korea ’ s continued threats have stirred the United States of America to act , and we will continue to act with VIGILANCE and RESOLVE . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/a9oMWVtzwM
Honored to speak w/ our Armed Forces at Yokota Air Base in Japan . For generations the U.S has stood guard over the Indo-Pacific together w/ our ally Japan . We will protect our peoples , defend our freedom & amp ; together we will forge a future of security , prosperity & amp ; peace . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/qi7Hifn9Xk
. @ Adaripp I want you to know we are FOR YOU . Don ’ t let fake news distract you . I am proud of you and ALL OF OUR GREAT athletes and my only hope for you and all of # TeamUSA is to bring home the gold . Go get ‘ em !
Headed to the Olympics to cheer on # TeamUSA . One reporter trying to distort 18 yr old nonstory to sow seeds of division . We won ’ t let that happen ! # FAKENEWS . Our athletes are the best in the world and we are for ALL of them ! # TEAMUSA
Freedom-loving people across the world long for the day when peace & amp ; prosperity replace Pyongyang ’ s belligerence & amp ; brutality . W/ our allies & amp ; partners we will continue to strive to peacefully dismantle N. Korea ’ s nuclear program & amp ; alleviate the suffering of its people . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/BsTbj4VfvI
North Korea ’ s tyrants have never been content to merely subjugate their own people . They still harbor the dream of conquering their neighbors to the south & amp ; in recent years , North Korea has threatened Japan , the United States & amp ; our allies across the region . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/VmTneddAos
To any who would threaten our people or our allies , know this : Under this Commander-in-Chief , and the greatest fighting force in the world , the United States of America is ready to defend our homeland , defend our allies – anytime , anywhere . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/l6KQtvpXbk
Honored to speak to courageous @ USForcesJapan service members serving at Yokota Air Base & amp ; thank them for everything they do to keep Japan & amp ; the United States safe . President Trump & amp ; I STAND WITH YOU . Listen LIVE : https : //t.co/zj2vBn96J5 # VPinASIA https : //t.co/7N11tTC6S9
RT @ stevenmnuchin1 : As @ VP said , in the coming weeks @ USTreasury will unveil one of the toughest sanctions tranches ever against N. Korea.…
Earlier today in Japan I announced the U.S will soon unveil the TOUGHEST & amp ; most AGGRESSIVE round of economic sanctions on North Korea ever & amp ; we will continue to isolate North Korea until it abandons its nuclear & amp ; ballistic missile program . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/PKNvycPpMh
Critical mtg w/PM @ AbeShinzo where I announced new sanctions on the North Korean regime . The US stands shoulder-to-shoulder w/ Japan , South Korea & amp ; our allies to apply maximum pressure on N.Korea to achieve the global objective : denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/paLRpn3pK0
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed meeting Mrs. Akie Abe , the wife of the Prime Minister of Japan . https : //t.co/mMAfse8oi9
The United States of America will soon unveil the toughest and most aggressive round of economic sanctions on North Korea EVER – and we will continue to isolate North Korea until it ABANDONS its nuclear and ballistic missile programs once and for all . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/djVd46dJlC
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed a beautiful tour of the Hama-rikyu Gardens in Tokyo ! Great to be joined by Mrs. Aso , wife of the Deputy Prime Minis…
Mtg w/Japanese Prime Minister @ AbeShinzo to discuss US/Japanese jt efforts to put crippling pressure on North Korea to abandon its nuclear efforts . PM Abe is an important partner & amp ; I look forward to reaffirming the US ’ s unwavering commitment to this critical alliance . # VPinAsia
Important discussion w/ Japanese Defense Minister Onodera on our unwavering commitment to the U.S-Japan alliance . Also saw one of the Patriot missile batteries that protect Tokyo . The full range of American military capabilities is dedicated to the protection of Japan # VPinAsia https : //t.co/RAsDZR7czf
Our administration is fully committed to the future of space & amp ; I am excited to announce I will host the next meeting of the National Space Council later this month at the Kennedy Space Center ! @ ExploreSpaceKSC https : //t.co/8mbAfyWtEn
RT @ SecondLady : Inspired by the youth in Chiba City , Japan ! As Honorary Chairwoman of @ SisterCitiesInt , met with Mayor Kumagai , students fr…
Happy birthday to Pres . Reagan . His leadership inspired a generation to believe in America . Honored to have been sworn in as VP on his Bible . https : //t.co/Gy0IcXQY4Z
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG !
https : //t.co/XFcbucB7TQ
Congrats @ SpaceX on today 's launch ! It demonstrates America 's unparalleled space leadership as the Trump Admin & amp ; the National Space Council seek to transform our space policy , seize 21st century opportunities & amp ; unleash the infinite potential of the cosmos for the American people https : //t.co/UuDtk2T2Gf
Landed in Japan & amp ; will be meeting w/ PM @ AbeShinzo in Tokyo today . We will discuss security & amp ; stability in the region & amp ; reaffirm our steadfast commitment to continue to place maximum pressure on the North Korean regime . Looking forward to these critical conversations . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/MCFTzbEQuU
RT @ SecondLady : Great visit with service members at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson in Alaska ! Read more here :
https : //t.co/MTh4wquo47
As I travel to Japan & amp ; South Korea , I thought it was altogether fitting to begin at @ JBER_Official , the first line of defense for the American people . Missile defense begins here in Alaska . And the American people & amp ; the world should know our Nation is secure . https : //t.co/xBsMNtPtEQ
RT @ VPComDir : . @ ZekeJMiller , traveling with @ VP Pence , lays out the important days ahead - via @ AP https : //t.co/EIWhg42O7u
Headed to Japan & amp ; S Korea to strengthen the relationship between the U.S & amp ; allies , reiterate our commitment to continue to isolate N Korea & amp ; ensure N Korea doesn ’ t use the Olympics to paper over the truth about their regime which oppresses its own people & amp ; threatens other nations https : //t.co/sTOjD4jAwt
At a time of increasing provocation & amp ; threats of ballistic missiles from the rogue regime in North Korea , the work done here at @ JBER_Official with Missile Defense Command as well as NORAD is more important than ever . Missile defense begins HERE IN ALASKA . https : //t.co/Z7tyQQWpso
Arriving in Alaska to receive a briefing at @ JBER_Official on U.S. missile defense capabilities . Then I ’ ll travel to Japan & amp ; South Korea for critical meetings about our maximum pressure campaign against the rogue North Korean regime . Follow along w/ # VPinASIA https : //t.co/0SlIQ2MvF9
On my way to Alaska . I was very saddened to hear of the passing of Indianapolis @ Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson . This was a senseless & amp ; avoidable tragedy . This is a great loss for the entire Indiana community . My prayers are with his family in their time of grief . https : //t.co/JKkzxakfmE
Honored that Fred Warmbier , father of Otto Warmbier , will join us at @ pyeongchang2018 in S Korea . He & amp ; his wife remind the world of the atrocities happening in N Korea . As @ POTUS made clear at the # SOTU , we pledge to honor Otto ’ s memory w/ American resolve https : //t.co/LlPMt6SvMh
RT @ PressSec : President ’ s message to brave men and women of our Armed Forces unable to be home with family and friends to enjoy the Super B…
Karen and I are praying for everyone involved in the Amtrak collision in South Carolina . @ POTUS and I are monitoring the situation . Grateful to the courageous first responders who are helping the injured . Authorities are on the scene to determine what caused the collision .
THANK YOU Pittsburgh for hosting us yesterday . Thrilled that the Trump Tax Cuts are making a REAL difference for everyday families , including for 150,000 Pennsylvanians who have gotten a bonus & amp ; more than 50,000 Pennsylvanians who have already received a PAY RAISE . https : //t.co/TwEF3odgGA
This year ’ s # BlackHistoryMonth theme “ African Americans in Times of War ” honors & amp ; thanks the generations of African Americans who have defended & amp ; died for America . This month & amp ; every month we celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African Americans to our Nation ’ s greatness
RT @ WhiteHouse : This month we celebrate National African American History Month to honor the significant contributions African Americans ha…
I 'll travel to Japan & amp ; S Korea to attend the Olympics & amp ; cheer on our athletes . But I ’ ll also be there to deliver a message : the era of strategic patience is OVER . As N. Korea continues to test ballistic missiles & amp ; threaten the U.S , we 'll make it clear all options are on the table https : //t.co/ABp9WWf4lS
People of the Keystone State deserve to know @ SenBobCasey voted against cutting taxes . Bob Casey voted against letting working families & amp ; job creators keep more of their hard-earned money . I believe the people of Pennsylvania deserve better ! # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/6qSI9LpAOW
Here in the Keystone State , in the past month alone , thanks to the Trump tax cut , more than 3 million American workers have gotten a BONUS – including more than 150,000 Pennsylvanians . And more than 50,000 Pennsylvanians have already received a PAY RAISE . # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/A9T69YJC5M
Speaking in Pittsburgh about how the TRUMP TAX CUTS are helping working families and businesses here in Pennsylvania and across the Nation . Listen live → https : //t.co/XLYEBKtifl # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/siL4SWVYzi
Just arrived in Pittsburgh , PA to speak with great Americans about the TRUMP TAX CUTS . They ’ re already making a BIG difference for families across the Nation - more than 3 million American workers have already gotten a bonus ! # MAGA # TaxCutsForAmerica https : //t.co/2e48kKbf4P
Spoke w/ Afghan Pres . @ ashrafghani & amp ; expressed condolences for the recent terrorist attacks against the Afghan people . Barbaric attacks like these only STRENGTHEN our resolve to support Afghanistan & amp ; win the fight against terrorism .
Real results . The Trump Economy is booming ! # MAGA
https : //t.co/z7Sdrz0Ctl
Promoting religious freedom is a foreign policy priority for the Trump Admin . It will be Amb . Sam Brownback ’ s responsibility to take this message all around the world . I know the best days for religious freedom & amp ; America ’ s leadership for that freedom in the world are yet to come . https : //t.co/3PEnffP9qf
RT @ SecondLady : MAKING NEWS : Art therapy helps Soldiers heal | News | https : //t.co/kVslI5Rmt2 @ forthood # ArtTherapy https : //t.co/bZs0SdglaG
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Music Therapy Heals the Hearts of Military Service Members https : //t.co/VVo1ivxWHs
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP Pence praises West Virginia business , criticizes Senator Manchin # JoeVotedNo https : //t.co/Q90Lsm1JJA
Thanks @ TruckPeople for hosting us yesterday in WV . A GREAT company that announced ALL their 1,100 employees ACROSS THE U.S. have received bonuses because of the TRUMP TAX CUTS . One of many companies giving back to their employees in the Trump Economy https : //t.co/1e6eYiNdFM
Businesses large and small have already committed to invest an extra $ 425 billion to expand , innovate , & amp ; create new jobs . And 3 million American workers have gotten a bonus . But some are calling these raises & amp ; bonuses , “ CRUMBS. ” https : //t.co/2DkfPVlU3x
I stopped at Worldwide Equipment earlier in West Virginia . Thanks to the policies we ’ ve been advancing , Worldwide Equipment announced they ’ re investing $ 8M back into their biz & amp ; thanks to the TRUMP TAX CUT , they ’ ve already given a bonus to every single one of their employees . https : //t.co/O3XM4WUWuA
A joy to be back at the House and Senate Retreat with the men and women who helped make 2017 the MOST ACCOMPLISHED year for the conservative agenda in 30 years . https : //t.co/iSrWbsqU4w
RT @ SecondLady : Grateful for the chance to speak to the spouses at the House and Senate Republican Member Conference in White Sulphur Sprin…
GREAT NEWS from West Virginia : Worldwide Equipment becomes the latest company to announce it will give bonuses to its hardworking employees because of the TRUMP TAX CUTS . This is REAL MONEY that will make a REAL difference for West Virginians . https : //t.co/zE7k5s9PoL
. @ Sen_JoeManchin voted no to give working families more of your hard-earned money . Joe voted no on tax cuts . Joe voted no time and again on the policies that West Virginia needs . # JoeVotedNo https : //t.co/uV7SdAa2q8
RT @ FoxNews : `` Our hearts go out to the families of the lost and the injured , and we thank God it was n't worse . '' — @ VP thanked first respond…
When it came time to vote on sweeping tax cuts that helped West Virginians keep more of their money & amp ; made it possible for companies like Worldwide Equipment to invest more in their workers , @ SenCapito voted YES & amp ; # JoeVotedNo
. @ Sen_JoeManchin is going to keep voting against West Virginia & amp ; I think Chuck Schumer & amp ; Nancy Pelosi are pretty happy w/ the way he votes . But WV needs to let him know that they EXPECT BETTER & amp ; they need to let Joe know that WEST VIRGINIA DESERVES BETTER . # JoeVotedNo
When the time came to repeal & amp ; replace the disaster of Obamacare , Joe voted NO . When we empowered West Virginia to defund Planned Parenthood , Joe voted NO . And when it comes to securing our Southern border , Joe said , “ I ’ m not voting for the wall , either. ” # JoeVotedNo
@ Sen_JoeManchin Joe Manchin voted NO to letting hard working families keep more of their hard-earned money . Joe voted NO on TAX CUTS for job creators . # JoeVotedNo
I was in WV a few months ago & amp ; I spoke to the WV Chamber of Commerce . @ Sen_JoeManchin was there – & amp ; I looked him in the eye and I told him , “ Joe , the people of the Mountain State are counting on you , ” so let ’ s “ get this tax cut done together. ” But # JoeVotedNo .
Today , Worldwide Equipment in West Virginia announced it will invest back in its workers because of @ POTUS Trump ’ s tax cuts law — giving out bonuses to hard working West Virginians .
Every day , more & amp ; more Americans are learning that they ’ re getting the pay raise they ’ ve been working so hard for , and in the past month alone , MORE THAN 3 MILLION AMERICAN WORKERS have gotten a bonus – all because of the TRUMP TAX CUT .
Speaking to hard working Americans at Worldwide Equipment in West Virginia about how the American people & amp ; companies around the Nation are already benefiting from the TRUMP TAX CUTS . Listen live → https : //t.co/E2MW9th9zR https : //t.co/hy4Wj9jDfa
Karen and I just arrived in WV with @ sencapito & amp ; @ secretaryross . Hardworking West Virginians are excited about the Trump economic agenda & amp ; massive TAX CUTS ! https : //t.co/LJknLjkpIV
Getting regular updates on the Amtrak crash involving members of Congress and their families . Praying for all involved & amp ; grateful for the swift action of first responders . @ POTUS and I will continue to monitor closely . I ’ m heading to WV later today .
Joining @ HoppyKercheval on @ WVMetroNews in West Virginia to discuss last night ’ s strong & amp ; optimistic # SOTU & amp ; my visit later today to WV w/ @ SenCapito , who helped deliver the Trump Tax Cuts for the people of West Virginia → https : //t.co/tmJoq0n5PY # VPinWV
Last night 's HISTORIC # SOTU speech outlined the Trump Admin 's record-setting accomplishments in year one - more than 2M new jobs , largest tax cut in history , ISIS on the run - and presented an optimistic vision for building a SAFE , STRONG & amp ; PROUD America . Let 's get it done . # MAGA https : //t.co/EseRB1POw1
Inspiring & amp ; powerful # SOTU . @ POTUS made clear the state of our Union is STRONG . In just 1 year @ POTUS has cut taxes , grown our economy , and has ISIS on the run - & amp ; we 're just getting started . We are building a SAFE , STRONG & amp ; PROUD America ! # MAGA https : //t.co/ZaTVb6ZHZK
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Join me live for the # SOTU
https : //t.co/0SLktWxfHi
RT @ WhiteHouse : Mr. Speaker , the President of the United States ...

# SOTU : https : //t.co/nT5Y9ywiwb https : //t.co/4WlMzWlzS1
Karen and I are on our way to the Capitol for @ POTUS ’ 1st # SOTU address . The Trump Administration ’ s HISTORIC accomplishments from year one and our policies moving forward are building a STRONGER AMERICA for ALL AMERICANS . Watch the speech here : https : //t.co/KCVCsZQgkc
. @ SecondLady and I were HONORED to meet these great Americans who will join @ FLOTUS tonight at @ POTUS ’ # SOTU address . Learn more here : https : //t.co/9KVIvCiPQ9 https : //t.co/XGCCf78qeB
RT @ FLOTUS : I will be joined tonight by an honorable group of Americans . Sitting with me are heroes who have served our nation in times of…
Looking forward to @ POTUS ’ # SOTU tonight . Tomorrow I ’ ll take his message that the State of the Union & amp ; the State of our Economy is STRONG to West Virginia . I ’ ll be joined by @ SenCapito & amp ; @ RepEvanJenkins – two great leaders who helped deliver TAX CUTS to West Virginians ! https : //t.co/IMSeAcVP0Y
. @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS are welcoming several great Americans to tonight ’ s # SOTU address . Learn more & amp ; watch the SOTU at 9:10 PM as the President outlines the Trump Administration 's record-setting accomplishments & amp ; looks ahead to building a stronger America : https : //t.co/oUnLlgs6kl
I am disappointed that tonight , 46 Senators voted against a motion that would have respected the majority of Americans ' convictions- including those of @ POTUS Trump- by refusing to advance a bill that would restrict abortions on babies when they are capable of feeling pain . https : //t.co/9O5ubm35B7
RT @ SecondLady : Second Lady Karen Pence advocates for art therapy to help Fort Hood soldiers https : //t.co/AEqgOiA3GN via @ KCENNews
GREAT NEWS ! Yet another company investing billions into the American economy & amp ; creating more jobs for the American people because of the Trump Tax Cuts → https : //t.co/Vp4rI8LCas
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to America ’ s new Secretary of @ HHSGov , Alex Azar ! https : //t.co/Y9inQaCt7o
RT @ nikkihaley : RT @ USUN : We brought the Security Council to DC to see first-hand evidence from the Department of Defense of Iran ’ s illegal…
Proud to administer the oath of office to the 24th Secretary of @ HHSgov , Alex Azar ! His experience will help the Trump Administration as we continue efforts to make health care for the American people more accessible & amp ; affordable . Welcome aboard Sec . Azar ! https : //t.co/Fkpn14F75c
RT @ SecondLady : Karen Pence Remarks Conference Mayors Winter Meeting , Jan 26 2018 | https : //t.co/c70gnEAXRf # arttherapy https : //t.co/kOtbS…
Cowardly Taliban targeted innocent Afghans & amp ; brave police in Kabul today . We , along with our international partners , are there to stop terrorists from exporting their evil terror to the U.S or our allies . Together with our Afghan partners , we will not allow the Taliban to win !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men , women and children , and…
RT @ usembassyta : . @ VP president ’ s wife attends Holocaust remembrance ceremony in # Israel https : //t.co/ZtXMyfEp0X
A few days ago , Karen & amp ; I paid our respects at Yad Vashem to honor the 6 million Jewish martyrs of the Holocaust who 3 years after walking beneath the shadow of death , rose up from the ashes to resurrect themselves to reclaim a Jewish future . # HolocaustRemembranceDay # NeverAgain https : //t.co/67UuC1cYI2
RT @ GovMattBevin : A DAY OF PRAYER FOR MARSHALL COUNTY : JAN. 28 , 2018

I urge Kentuckians of all faiths to pray earnestly for God ’ s comfort…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos , Switzerland . Speech on America ’ s economic revival was well receiv…
RT @ SecondLady : A pleasure to be the featured speaker at the Mayors Arts Program for @ usmayors . Enjoyed the opportunity to talk about # ArtT…
Under the Trump Administration , the policy of the United States of America is to place the security and prosperity of AMERICA FIRST . But as @ POTUS has made clear , America First does not mean America alone : https : //t.co/17L5LxwNCg
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : What I learned about art therapy in Egypt , Jordan , and Israel https : //t.co/ccIPXXq8rY
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @ Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos , Switzerland ! # WEF18 ht…
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you @ HolocaustMuseum for a powerful & amp ; moving tour that honors the millions of innocent lives lost , and educates us on the…
Today our Nation remembers the brave men & amp ; women of @ NASA & amp ; the Apollo 1 , Challenger & amp ; Columbia crews who have lost their lives . I am honored to lead the National Space Council to build on the legacy of these astronauts and help forge the path forward that they began for us . https : //t.co/FYN7AHyXLM
During National # SchoolChoiceWeek , the Trump Administration reaffirms our commitment to making a great education possible for all of America ’ s children . We need to open doors of opportunity so that every parent can choose the best school for their kids . https : //t.co/PKVJeTWUtQ
In my time with @ AlsisiOfficial , @ KingAbdullahII & amp ; PM @ netanyahu , we discussed the remarkable transformation taking place across the Middle East & amp ; the need to forge a new era of cooperation . Under the Trump Admin , we will continue to STAND W/ OUR ALLIES & amp ; STAND UP TO OUR ENEMIES . https : //t.co/dWAYltHbJ9
I recently returned from the Middle East where I discussed the important issue of ending religious persecution with our allies in Egypt , Jordan , and Israel . Amb . Brownback will be instrumental on this important issue . https : //t.co/2GF37w6NWz
Proud to cast the tie-breaking vote in the Senate to confirm my friend @ GovSamBrownback as the @ StateDept 's Amb-at-Large for Int ’ l Religious Freedom . He ’ s a principled man of faith who will help the Trump Admin advance support for persecuted religious groups around the world . https : //t.co/nXymmTf5Jp
Addressed a bipartisan group of America ’ s mayors attending “ Mayors ’ Day ” at the @ whitehouse . The Trump Administration is committed to supporting & amp ; empowering local gov ’ ts & amp ; law enforcement because when our cities and local gov ’ ts succeed , America succeeds . https : //t.co/XWyZOBWdYh
Dictator Maduro again deprives Venezuelans of free and fair elections . Snap elections are undemocratic , unconstitutional , and globally opposed . US will keep up pressure on regime to respect human rights of all Venezuelans , and restore country ’ s democracy : https : //t.co/u8I2dIVcZB
Great work by the Fall 2017 Page Class , who graduate this week and will return to their homes across the country . Spoke with them about their work on the Hill and what they plan to do to help our Nation in the future . Inspiring group ! https : //t.co/ym9oVE41rH
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Earlier today , I spoke with @ GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday ’ s shooting at Marshall County High School . M…
`` There 's growing cohesion among executives that TRUMP 'S TAX PLAN is going to deliver MASSIVE NEW INVESTMENT in the United States , which should , in turn , boost GROWTH and EMPLOYMENT . ''

A must-read → https : //t.co/sQQrizVfI3
We grieve with the people of Kentucky who seek comfort & amp ; healing during this moment of heartbreak . These acts of evil & amp ; senseless violence must end . We commend the courageous and heroic acts of law enforcement who responded quickly and are grateful for their efforts . https : //t.co/bHFkpRHYBU
As our meetings ended in the Middle East , Karen and I had the privilege to pray at the Western Wall and to pay our respects at Yad Vashem to honor the 6 million Jewish martyrs of the Holocaust & amp ; marvel at the faith and resilience of the Jewish people . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/l4Ux5pppwy
WATCH : In Jerusalem I spoke with @ ShannonBream on how the Trump Administration made the decision last fall to fund directly from @ USAID religious-based organizations that are rebuilding Christian communities & amp ; other religious minorities displaced by ISIS & amp ; other terrorist orgs https : //t.co/pR8PiSzbRV
TONIGHT : More of my interview w/ @ ShannonBream . We discuss my historic trip to the Middle East where I reaffirmed our commitment to our allies , addressed the Knesset , discussed our embassy 's move to Jerusalem & amp ; talked progress made in the war on terror . Watch @ FoxNews at 11 PM
# VPinIsrael Photos of the Day : Important discussions in Israel w/ @ PresidentRuvi on our Nation 's shared values & amp ; interests , including trade , standing together against Iran , & amp ; our Embassy 's move to Jerusalem , prayed at the Western Wall , & amp ; visited U.S Embassy staff & amp ; their families https : //t.co/sGnTBZ1n8o
Karen & amp ; I joined Prime Minister @ Netanyahu to commemorate the innocent lives lost & amp ; lay a wreath at Yad Vashem earlier today . We mourn the 6 million Jewish victims of the Holocaust & amp ; we draw inspiration from the faith & amp ; resilience of the Jewish people . Never again . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/cqdnaBjapu
My hope is that all of our friends in the region , whether they be in the Christian community , the Jewish community , the Muslim community , or in the Palestinian Authority , will recognize that the Trump Administration is committed to PEACE in the region . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/9qm50nVobi
As I told @ mitchellreports , it 's extraordinary to think of the progress we 've made against ISIS in the last year . 98 % of the territory that ISIS had taken down over the last three years has been reclaimed by those American soldiers I was standing amongst in the Middle East . https : //t.co/0AlKQ7UxCV
Thank you , Prime Minister @ Netanyahu , for your friendship and hospitality . We are grateful for your strong leadership for the people of Israel and your unbending commitment to the relationship between the United States and Israel . https : //t.co/va4wTxRNYq
Watch my interview from Jerusalem with @ mitchellreports about my visit to Israel , @ POTUS ’ decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , meetings with foreign leaders , & amp ; our efforts to defeat ISIS . Watch @ MSNBC at 12 PM . # VPinIsrael
A privilege to pray at the Western Wall . This is our 4th trip to the Holy Land , but Karen & amp ; I never fail to leave without a sense our faith has been renewed - our faith in God , but also our faith in the people of Israel & amp ; their commitment to freedom , security & amp ; peace . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/DbujemM0fO
The influence of Iran in the region is dangerous . The last thing that we want to see - after driving ISIS out of Iraq & amp ; on the cusp of driving ISIS out of Syria - is Iran and the Iranian Revolutionary Guard fill that vacuum . The U.S & amp ; our allies are not going to let it happen . https : //t.co/p1ATFzsSkf
The American people have been led along a path for the last 20 years w/ the Kim regime that has only resulted in broken promises & amp ; the steady advance of their nuclear ambitions & amp ; ballistic missile programs . The Trump admin has made it clear : the era of strategic patience is OVER . https : //t.co/ys6IBorHrm
I truly believe that in making the decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel , PEACE is now MORE POSSIBLE , not less possible . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/Lnszroa9Hn
. @ POTUS is a man of his word & amp ; he made history in December when he announced the United States would recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . But in the same breath , he said that we would make plans to move the U.S embassy here to Jerusalem . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/OU0HDnP5ez
Thank you PM @ Netanyahu & amp ; Sara Netanyahu for hosting Karen & amp ; me for dinner yesterday . We stand together for our prosperity & amp ; our security . We stand together in the battle against radical Islamic terrorism & amp ; we stand together for a brighter future for both our Nations . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/GKQ0gDC7U8
Watch my exclusive interview with @ ShannonBream on @ FoxNews from Jerusalem discussing the United States ’ relationship with Israel and how we will continue to confront the aggressive Iranian and North Korean regimes . https : //t.co/1aWBg8JuTp
An honor to speak before the Knesset in Jerusalem . @ POTUS kept his word when he announced the United States will finally acknowledge Jerusalem is Israel ’ s capital . Thanks to the Trump Admin ’ s leadership , the alliance between Israel & amp ; the U.S has never been STRONGER . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/bvbaphLGjU
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP Mike Pence on Palestinians not being involved in peace talks since 2014 : `` If both sides come together & amp ; agree that we'll…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP Mike Pence on North Korea : `` @ POTUS ' made it clear : the era of what was called 'strategic patience ' is over . The American…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP Mike Pence : `` @ POTUS is a man of his word , & amp ; he made history in December when he announced the USA would recognize Jerusal…
RT @ SecondLady : NEW : Interview with i24NEWS in # Jerusalem about # ArtTherapy and our visit to Israel . https : //t.co/gdL89j2z1B
In Israel to celebrate & amp ; affirm the bond between our two peoples . We STAND TOGETHER for our prosperity and security . We stand together in the battle against radical Islamic terrorism . And we stand together for a brighter future for both of our Nations . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/eMCDaKb7Zr
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to have Sara Netanyahu , wife of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , join me in # Jerusalem for a discussion w…
RT @ SecondLady : Participated in an art making project with creative arts therapists in Israel . Great exercise to better understand the # art…
Thanks to the firm stand taken by @ POTUS & amp ; Senate & amp ; House Republicans , the gov't shutdown is coming to an end . The # SchumerShutdown failed . Now that the government is re-opening , Congress can get back to work advancing the President ’ s agenda that is Making America Great Again ! https : //t.co/yTajh2WKG4
Speaking with Prime Minister @ netanyahu in Israel about our critical discussions on security and prosperity and the friendship between Israel & amp ; the United States . Watch live → https : //t.co/DNsDIVCNwZ # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/XmbAa4zvLI
Today I have a solemn promise to Israel , to all the Middle East , and to the world - the United States of America will never allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/1fKKok5xyn
Radical Islamic terrorism knows no borders– targeting America , Israel , nations across the Middle East & amp ; the wider world . Thanks to the courage of our Armed Forces , ISIS is on the run . The U.S & amp ; Israel have long stood together to confront the terrible evil of terrorism # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/BX84qWogrs
Honored to speak at Knesset in Jerusalem , the capital of Israel . Announced our embassy will open in Jerusalem before end of 2019 , urged Palestinian leadership to return to table to discuss peace & amp ; assured Israel we 'll keep working to defeat radical Islamic terrorism # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/vt8cQaFONg
The Trump administration will advance our plan to open the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem – and the Embassy will open before the end of next year . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/xxxChzWqLK
The United States appreciates the Israeli government ’ s declared willingness to resume direct peace negotiations with the Palestinian Authority & amp ; we strongly urge the Palestinian leadership to return to the table . Peace can only come through dialogue . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/5ttaPeu5hy
The Trump admin will advance our plan to open our Embassy in Jerusalem & amp ; the Embassy will open before the end of next year . @ POTUS made his decision “ in the best interests of the U.S ” but he also made it clear we believe this decision is in the best interests of peace # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/YlyuqjYt2v
Thanks to @ POTUS ’ leadership , the alliance between our two countries has never been stronger & amp ; the friendship between our peoples has never been deeper . I am at the Knesset to convey a simple message : America stands with Israel ! # VPinIsrael
It is deeply humbling & amp ; a great honor to address this Knesset – here in Jerusalem – the capital of the State of Israel . # VPinIsrael
In Israel to speak at the Knesset and reaffirm the United States ' commitment to stand with our most cherished ally , Israel . Watch live at : https : //t.co/AtFgNBmAGK # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/pcxJJywerL
An honor to be in Israel w/ Prime Minister @ netanyahu . Important discussions about the opportunity for peace in the region and the security & amp ; prosperity of both Israel & amp ; the U.S. We continue to work tirelessly to strengthen the relationship between the U.S & amp ; Israel . # VPinIsrael https : //t.co/p9WCU99Mnr
RT @ netanyahu : My friend , @ VP Mike Pence , welcome to Jerusalem – the capital of Israel . https : //t.co/kJS6NPzRpo
Under the leadership of the Trump Administration , the 332nd Air Expeditionary Wing has fought & amp ; flown alongside our coalition partners , striking ISIS again & amp ; again . And as they stand a post , the Commander-in-Chief & amp ; all of the American people are behind them 100 percent . https : //t.co/C7zBLJauFp
RT @ SecondLady : More great views at The Citadel and Roman Amphitheater in Jordan ! https : //t.co/IGXpK9HBQF
RT @ SecondLady : Stunning views in Jordan ! Enjoyed the visits to The Citadel and Roman Amphitheater . So much history and beauty ! https : //t.c…
The U.S & amp ; Jordan have stood together for decades . Important discussions today w/ @ KingAbdullahII on the progress we have made in the battle against ISIS . Be assured – we will continue to work closely w/ Jordan as we drive ISIS OUT OF EXISTENCE . # VPinJordan https : //t.co/xiL0xWwNkA
An honor to meet w/ the HEROIC men & amp ; women of the 332nd Air Expeditionary Wing– because of them ISIS is on the run , their so-called caliphate has fallen & amp ; the 332nd has helped liberate more than 90 % of their territory & amp ; freed more than 7.5 million people from their terrorist grip https : //t.co/hhz9iqfhIt
As I told our courageous troops in the Middle East , they & amp ; their families shouldn ’ t have to worry about whether they will be paid as they serve in the uniform of the U.S . They deserve better . We ’ re going to get this FIXED & amp ; will meet our obligations to them & amp ; their families . https : //t.co/Hhs1pvkPgc
We will NOT WAVER in our resolve to confront the leading state sponsor of terrorism – the dictatorship in Iran . We will NEVER ALLOW Iran to acquire a usable nuclear weapon The Trump Administration has put Iran on notice . https : //t.co/Czrb75Lnzb
We are NOT going to re-open negotiations on illegal immigration until they re-open the government – and give our soldiers and their families the benefits and wages they have EARNED . https : //t.co/lrpUefcjLU
Despite bipartisan support for a budget resolution , a minority in the Senate has decided to play politics with military pay . America ’ s military deserves better . Understand this : @ POTUS & amp ; I and the American people are NOT GOING TO PUT UP WITH IT . https : //t.co/em5oSFmgDm
In Jordan for critical conversations with @ KingAbdullahII on the progress we 're making to defeat ISIS & amp ; how the United States is working to provide much needed resources to rebuild the communities of Christians and other religious minorities in Iraq . # VPinJordan https : //t.co/g5alPc5gL5
The U.S stands shoulder-to-shoulder w/ Egypt in taking the fight to terrorists across the region . Deep discussions today w/ @ AlsisiOfficial on continuing to work w/ Egypt & amp ; allies across the region to confront & amp ; defeat Islamic terrorism were productive and meaningful . # VPinEgypt https : //t.co/xKZirkcnls
# VPinEgypt Photos of the Day : Landed in Cairo to begin meeting w/ leaders of Middle East countries . Critical discussion w/ @ alsisiofficial & amp ; reaffirmed our commitment to stand w/ Egypt against terrorism . Also discussed the need to prevent persecution of religious minorities . https : //t.co/wfE2I2D6Mr
Historic year ! So many accomplishments !
One year of Making America Great Again ... and we ’ re just getting started ! https : //t.co/7XrWCtX1it
RT @ SecondLady : Great conversation in Cairo , Egypt with the only art therapist in the country . She ’ s doing fantastic work with the clients—…
Productive discussion with Egyptian President @ AlsisiOfficial on a range of issues . We are united not just in commerce and in prosperity , but most importantly in a commitment to security . We stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Egypt in the fight against terrorism . # VPinEgypt https : //t.co/ivbvXeaJD4
Landed in Cairo - our meetings w/ the leaders of Egypt , Jordan & amp ; Israel are critical to our Nation 's national security objectives . Important 1st meet w/ @ AlsisiOfficial to discuss ways to fight terrorism & amp ; keep our countries SAFE . # VPinEgypt https : //t.co/Cd05Z0kyOw
Honored to see troops based out of Peterson Air Force Base in Colorado while refueling in Ireland . They are headed to Kuwait for a six month deployment . It ’ s disappointing to every American that Democrats in the Senate would shutdown the gov't when we have troops in harms way . https : //t.co/xzCh0H3V8K
Rather than solve problems , Democratic leadership preferred a shutdown that has dangerous consequences for our national defense . Their action tonight – or lack thereof – is unconscionable . https : //t.co/NP0MGwHxjR
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @ SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military toge…
Proud to address the largest pro-life gathering in the United States , the @ March_for_Life . This pro-life generation should NEVER DOUBT that @ POTUS & amp ; I STAND WITH YOU , and we will restore the sanctity of LIFE to the center of American law . # MarchForLife https : //t.co/vKItAKyDx6
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @ March_for_Life ! You are living witnesses of this year ’ s Mar…
From preventing taxpayer dollars from funding abortions overseas to empowering states to respect life in Title X to nominating judges to uphold the God-given liberties in the Constitution , the Trump admin has been a tireless defender of life . # MarchForLife https : //t.co/hw1k60TfHi
Joining @ POTUS Trump in the Rose Garden as he becomes the first President in American history to address the @ March_for_Life & amp ; Pro-Life Leaders . Watch live → https : //t.co/97ntINRpJ8 # MarchForLife https : //t.co/kS5iDNavTT
RT @ VPPressSec : STATEMENT FROM THE OFFICE OF THE @ VP : “ the Vice President ’ s meetings with the leaders of Egypt , Jordan , & amp ; Israel are integr…
Today @ march_for_life will with one voice call on the United States to rededicate itself to the most fundamental right enshrined in our Declaration of Independence – the unalienable right to life . # whywemarch # MarchforLife

Read my op-ed in the @ NRO : https : //t.co/lMVSa05r96
Inspiring meeting w/ @ Students4LifeHQ before tomorrow ’ s @ March_for_Life to review what the Trump admin has done for life- like ending funding for UN Population Fund & amp ; appointing strict constructionists to courts . THANK YOU for everything you do for the pro-life cause . # ProLifeGen https : //t.co/uCPfArfWyg
Proud of these student leaders from @ Students4LifeHQ organizations from colleges & amp ; high schools who are extending hearts & amp ; hands of compassion to young women in crisis pregnancy . I truly believe this is the PRO-LIFE GENERATION in America . # ProLifeGen https : //t.co/gcikK0ilhL
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to speak and introduce the Vice President this evening at a reception at the White House where we honored pro-life…
Life is winning again in America , and under the Trump Administration , we have reinstated the Mexico City Policy , allowed states to defund Planned Parenthood , & amp ; tomorrow @ POTUS will be the first President in American history to address the @ March_For_Life . https : //t.co/AKJKqGS98q
Karen & amp ; I are speaking at a reception at the @ WhiteHouse honoring pro-life supporters , leaders , and participants of the annual @ March_for_Life . Watch live → https : //t.co/8FU9CNtRlh https : //t.co/Iiyyxs685C
RT @ realDonaldTrump : House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight . So important for our country - our Military ne…
Time for Democrats in Congress to PUT POLITICS ASIDE and PUT OUR NATIONAL DEFENSE FIRST . Fund our Military . Fund our Government . https : //t.co/Qz8DVvJeUz
At a time when we have U.S. soldiers in harm ’ s way in Syria , Iraq , and Afghanistan , it would be unconscionable for Democrats in Congress to jeopardize funding for our military because some refuse to fund a border wall or reform immigration .
. @ POTUS & amp ; I met w/ Joint Chiefs at the Pentagon & amp ; received an update on our great military & amp ; impact of a gov't shutdown on our Armed Forces : Over 2M members of our military would not be paid until shutdown ends , pilot training stopped , & amp ; 100K guardsmen sent home from training . https : //t.co/877c5oqxR0
Yesterday I met with @ SGottliebFDA on the importance of passing a Right to Try law . It 's about restoring hope and giving patients with life threatening diseases a fighting chance . Let 's get this DONE .
Important discussion with @ GOPLeader & amp ; @ repgregwalden at the Capitol about the need to properly fund our government so that our courageous troops have the resources and support they need to accomplish their mission and come home SAFE . https : //t.co/jJuyazCwGp
Humbled to have been part of the ceremony recognizing the newest Congressional Gold Medal recipient , Bob Dole ! He 's spent his life serving this Nation w/ courage & amp ; conviction & amp ; demonstrated unwavering commitment to the American people . CONGRATS & amp ; THANK YOU @ SenatorDole ! https : //t.co/QaJzsRk9Cz
Watch as @ POTUS Trump & amp ; I honor former Senator Bob Dole with the Congressional Gold Medal at the Capitol : https : //t.co/N0mfdnNOIu https : //t.co/VGWJOfTMvK
Hosted Kazakh Pres . Nazarbayev at VP 's Residence for continued discussions on their support for the Trump administration 's South Asia strategy , efforts to build on U.S-Kazakhstani biz partnerships , our cooperation to defeat terrorism & amp ; our commitment to Kazakhstan ’ s sovereignty . https : //t.co/faVUCuuyFD
Great to welcome African American faith leaders to the @ WhiteHouse today , including my friend Rev . @ charlesharriso5 of Indiana . We discussed MLK ’ s legacy of peaceful civic engagement & amp ; policies to advance violence prevention like the successful 10 Point Coalition in Indiana . https : //t.co/UcsCF6TaWZ
Productive meeting with @ POTUS & amp ; President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan at the @ WhiteHouse . Tomorrow I will host Pres . Nazarbayev at the Vice President 's Residence to further discuss our admin ’ s South Asia strategy & amp ; our continued economic cooperation . https : //t.co/6o5q1Mo4Iq
Spoke w/ @ ashrafghani-continued discussions from Kabul on our South Asia strategy , commended U.S , Coalition & amp ; Afghan soldiers for continuing fight against terrorism , emphasized support for Afghan gov't to engage w/ Balkh Governor Atta & amp ; conduct peaceful transition of leadership .
HUGE NEWS : Another record high for the stock market , once again PROVING that the Trump administration ’ s America First agenda is getting REAL results and strengthening our economy . https : //t.co/WrGEXqChkm
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Dr. King 's dream is our dream . It is the American Dream . It 's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation , etched i…
Today we remember the legacy of MLK Jr. His memorial stands tall , but the real memorial to Dr. King resides in the hearts of all who strive for a more perfect union . To honor him , let 's rededicate ourselves to the cause Dr. King selflessly advanced , that all men are created equal https : //t.co/2gDuZfQmfC
RT @ CBSNews : WATCH : Vice President Mike Pence and Second lady Karen Pence lay a wreath at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington…
RT @ SecondLady : How Karen and Mike Pence — and their pets — have put their personal stamp on the vice presidential residence https : //t.co/s…
Honored to lay a wreath at MLK Jr. Memorial w/ @ SecondLady . He was a great American leader who inspired a movement & amp ; transformed a Nation . He took the words of our Founders to heart to forge a more perfect union based on the notion all men are created equal & amp ; in the image of God . https : //t.co/SvhHgSU2Ja
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Yesterday was a big day for the stock market . Jobs are coming back to America . Chrysler is coming back to the USA , fro…
RT @ WhiteHouse : . @ SecondLady shines a light on the importance of art therapy and Creative Forces : NEA Military Healing Arts Network . The ne…
RT @ SecondLady : It 's been almost a year since we moved into the Vice President 's Residence ! Here 's a look at the awesome photos taken by @ U…
@ POTUS @ SecretaryCarson HONORED to show pastor Isaac Newton Farris Jr. the room in the Eisenhower Building where Dr. King met w/ VP Humphrey in 1965 . Dr. King 's efforts to peacefully advocate for justice & amp ; equality for African-Americans changed the course of history & amp ; inspires us still today . https : //t.co/7ZaJQXplkR
Grateful to join @ POTUS , @ SecretaryCarson & amp ; pastor Isaac Newton Farris Jr. , the nephew of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , as the President signed a proclamation to honor Dr. King , a great American HERO whose persistence and courage changed our Nation . https : //t.co/fL0a5KyVY2
Spoke with Polish Prime Minister @ MorawieckiM this morning – very productive discussion about increasing trade and working together to FIGHT threats to peace and security . Also thanked him for Poland ’ s leadership on making sure NATO members pay their FAIR SHARE !
The Trump admin has already made the LARGEST INVESTMENT in our national defense since the days of Pres . Reagan . Now it ’ s time for Congress to once again give our soldiers , sailors , airmen , Marines & amp ; Coast Guard the resources they need to accomplish their mission & amp ; come home SAFE ! https : //t.co/aBwiJuPLwM
Thanks to this Commander-in-Chief , the era of budget cuts to the Armed Forces is about to END . And as long as America produces patriots like our Armed Forces , our country will be safe , our freedoms secure & amp ; the best days for the GREATEST NATION ON EARTH are yet to come . # VPinNV https : //t.co/WRKkorzAV3
RT @ realDonaldTrump : More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform : Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $ 1 BIL…
. @ NellisAFB is essential to America ’ s national security . For more than 75 years , our nation ’ s airmen & amp ; women have prepared to fly & amp ; fight for freedom here . It was my honor to address them today . Thanks to @ SenDeanHeller & amp ; @ SecAFOfficial for hosting us in Nevada . # VPinNV https : //t.co/845oN1HAN8
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP Pence said the center ’ s opening is in line with @ POTUS Trump ’ s investment in military spending , and added that the count…
Our enemies should NEVER DOUBT the capabilities of the Armed Forces of the United States of America . America always seeks peace , but if we are forced to defend ourselves or our allies , we will do so with military power that is EFFECTIVE and OVERWHELMING , and WE WILL WIN . # VPinNV https : //t.co/vIjlOxM0Ur
Congress has a job to do . It ’ s time to set aside partisan differences . It ’ s time to come TOGETHER as Americans & amp ; it 's time for Congress to once again give our Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen , Marines , and Coast Guard the resources THEY NEED to ACCOMPLISH their mission . # VPinNV https : //t.co/FCda5RCLjn
The airmen and women of @ NellisAFB have stood up and stepped forward to protect our families and our freedom , and have chosen to put on the uniform of the GREATEST all-volunteer military the world has EVER SEEN . # VPinNV https : //t.co/XtSQWvkCls
In these dangerous times , it ’ s the men & amp ; women of the Armed Forces – the warfighters , tacticians & amp ; trainers of @ NellisAFB – who will be called upon to defend our freedom from any who threaten it . And @ POTUS TRUMP & amp ; I HAVE YOUR BACK . # VPinNV https : //t.co/iFrD3lVAH3
The Armed Forces of the United States are the world 's greatest force for good ! Speaking to our INCREDIBLE airmen & amp ; women & amp ; their families at @ NellisAFB in Nevada with @ SenDeanHeller & amp ; @ SecAFOfficial . Listen live at : https : //t.co/ZbHYMXMaug # VPinNV https : //t.co/zg4uGNJT4b
I ’ ve met with American airmen and women around the world . And everywhere I go , I give them the assurance that under this Commander-in-Chief and this administration , our military will be STRONGER THAN EVER so that our nation can be SAFER and our freedoms more SECURE . # VPinNV https : //t.co/Hjvh4skwWg
We can ’ t predict the threats that we will face tomorrow – but one thing is certain : to defeat our enemies & amp ; protect this country , we need a STRONGER , MORE AGILE , and SMARTER military than ever before . # VPinNV https : //t.co/9DPQ25ZuuR
. @ POTUS & amp ; our admin know the true source of our military might is not merely in the investments we make but in the courage & amp ; ingenuity of our people & amp ; the innovative spirit that has made our Armed Forces the envy of the world . @ AFWERX Vegas will contribute to this legacy # VPinNV https : //t.co/QRnLU4nGRw
. @ FiatChrysler_NA to relocate truck production from Mexico to Michigan . 2,500 new U.S jobs AND pay bonuses made possible by passage of tax reform . Manufacturing is back . Great announcement . Proof that this admin ’ s AMERICA FIRST policies are WORKING ! https : //t.co/Xe3ipZlfVN
Honored to be with @ SenDeanHeller and @ SecAFOfficial at the opening of @ AFWERX Vegas , which will connect the Air Force w/ the community to encourage innovation and make our country STRONGER . Watch : https : //t.co/dlBuFzJeXR # VPinNV https : //t.co/NkWD01lunD
RT @ mboorstein : This should be retweeted millions of times . https : //t.co/0iHNeQuRZO
RT @ VPComDir : . @ FoxNews : @ VP Pence ’ s call for change and criticism of U.N. action galvanized a variety of bureaucratic actions https : //t.co…
Next month ’ s visit to the Korean Peninsula during the Winter Olympics will reinforce America ’ s commitment to our allies & amp ; send a message of STRENGTH & amp ; RESOLVE to the regime in North Korea . Looking forward to demonstrating our unwavering support for our troops , allies & amp ; athletes . https : //t.co/C2zI6vMmhC
Important , life-saving legislation that will help keep our communities safe & amp ; save American lives . Honored to have joined @ POTUS & amp ; a bipartisan group of legislators yesterday as this admin took action to help put an end to the flow of drugs into our country . # InterdictAct https : //t.co/Stv3cy3HRk
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great news , as a result of our TAX CUTS & amp ; JOBS ACT ! https : //t.co/SLvhLxP3Jl
RT @ NellisAFB : Looking forward to welcoming @ VP to the best base in the Air Force tomorrow ! https : //t.co/eKlXpizQRs
We will continue to bring MAXIMUM economic and diplomatic pressure to bear until North Korea abandons its nuclear and ballistic missile programs that threaten the United States of America . # TheStory https : //t.co/6T0AgD3RPi
I ’ m looking forward to meeting with President @ AlsisiOfficial in Egypt , @ KingAbdullahII in Jordan , and PM @ netanyahu in Israel later this month , and what I will tell them is that the United States and this administration remains COMMITTED TO PEACE in the region . # TheStory https : //t.co/iCvsvcHJ0m
It ’ s absolutely essential that Congress step up , pass a spending bill to REBUILD OUR MILITARY at the level that this administration has been driving . Now is the time to make a HISTORIC investment in our military . # TheStory https : //t.co/Fv00HM5yKw
As I told @ marthamaccallum during our discussion on @ TheStoryFNC , @ POTUS Trump has been very clear : There ’ s NO DEAL ON DACA without THE WALL . # TheStory https : //t.co/FX9rdfUWJt
We ’ re going to BUILD THE WALL . We 're going to END CHAIN MIGRATION . We ’ re going to END THE VISA LOTTERY PROGRAM , and we ’ re going to address DACA . But this administration is going to do it in a way that will meet the expectations of the American people . # MAGA https : //t.co/GY2YXbY7BJ
Starting now : my interview w/ @ marthamaccallum on @ FoxNews . Important discussion on America 's border security & amp ; this admin ’ s commitment to BUILD THE WALL , my upcoming visits to the Middle East & amp ; Asia , & amp ; sending a strong & amp ; unambiguous message to the regime in North Korea # TheStory https : //t.co/Yt952almdt
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border , which must be part of any DACA approval . The…
Coming up in one hour - my conversation with @ marthamaccallum on @ FoxNews . https : //t.co/k8bXJwfEUb
Looking forward to being in Nevada tomorrow w/ @ SenDeanHeller & amp ; @ SecAFOfficial to speak to our airmen & amp ; women at @ NellisAFB . We 'll also celebrate the grand opening of AFWERX , a program to connect the Air Force w/ entrepreneurs & amp ; the community to encourage innovation . # VPinNV https : //t.co/eHBN2kjPrO
Important first @ Cabinet meeting of 2018 – reviewed the administration ’ s successful 2017 and discussed how in 2018 we will continue the fight to put the American people first ! # MAGA https : //t.co/8C3QfQ8Y8d
I told @ marthamaccallum in our interview that we will continue to bring maximum economic & amp ; diplomatic pressure to bear until North Korea abandons its nuclear & amp ; ballistic missile programs that threaten the United States .

Watch full interview on @ TheStoryFNC tonight at 7. https : //t.co/tPAmIO9TnY
Big interview w/ @ marthamaccallum - discussed border security , 2018 priorities , upcoming meetings w/ leaders in Middle East & amp ; Asia , and sending message of U.S. resolve to North Korean regime . Watch # TheStory on @ FoxNews at 7PM . https : //t.co/xEO4PV7Ttv
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP Pence is traveling to the Olympics to reinforce the strong U.S. presence on the Korean Peninsula & amp ; send clear message of…
. @ DHSgov & amp ; @ FEMA continue to monitor the situation in California . Those impacted by the heavy rainfall & amp ; mudslides should listen to directions from state and local emergency officials who are working to keep CA communities safe . # CAStorm https : //t.co/A9iipqQuc4
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you @ GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy ! Couldn ’ t agree w/you more . TOGETHER , we are # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/QaxtqpyXTR
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they tra…
Today our administration took a crucial step to support the health and well-being of America ’ s incredible veterans as they transition from military service to civilian life . https : //t.co/jU434A1BYR
Productive bipartisan mtg w/ @ HouseForeign Affairs Cmte Chairman @ RepEdRoyce & amp ; Ranking Member @ RepEliotEngel on the # IranProtests . Today the House voted to support the freedom-loving people of Iran engaged in peaceful protests . Thank you both for your leadership on this issue . https : //t.co/IQnmUENCs4
The House of Reps. took an important step , sending a clear and unambiguous message of support to the brave Iranian protesters who continue to risk their lives for freedom ! The American people stand with them . # IranProtests https : //t.co/REetYJQpe2
Wishing my friend @ SteveScalise all the best in his recovery . Karen & amp ; I are praying for you . We look forward to having you back in the House to help implement the administration ’ s and Congress ’ America First agenda . https : //t.co/UubqQhqfgF
RT @ realDonaldTrump : On behalf of the American people , THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers . As President of the United Sta…
THANK YOU to those courageous Americans who answer the call to protect our families . Americans honor & amp ; appreciate our law enforcement professionals & amp ; we will always support them as they stand the watch . They are the best of us , heroes all . # LawEnforcementAppreciationDay https : //t.co/GGS32PdVwl
RT @ WhiteHouse : Yesterday President Trump signed the Martin Luther King , Jr. National Historical Park Act , which redesignates the Martin Lu…
This administration is expanding access to reliable , affordable broadband internet in rural America . This will help all of America compete on a level playing field . # MAGA https : //t.co/zoeX3pWidr
This administration has been marshaling unprecedented economic & amp ; diplomatic pressure on North Korea . We 're not going to relent until North Korea abandons its nuclear and ballistic missile programs . # DanaRadio https : //t.co/3C9aD58pxS
In 2018 , this admin is committed to rebuilding our military , building the wall , fixing our immigration system to put the interests of American citizens & amp ; our security first & amp ; passing an infrastructure bill that will rebuild this country . Let 's keep the momentum going ! # DanaRadio https : //t.co/1rPcLAMNTn
As I told @ DLoesch this afternoon , for all the progress that we made in 2017 - nearly 2 million new jobs , an economy that 's already growing by more than 3 % - this administration looks at 2017 as just a good start . The best is yet to come . # MAGA # DanaRadio https : //t.co/HcQYoGyjHt
RT @ SecondLady : Looking forward to traveling with @ VP and seizing the opportunity to raise awareness about # ArtTherapy . https : //t.co/GJTUC4…
RT @ WhiteHouse : . @ VP Pence will travel to Egypt , Jordan , and Israel later this month on behalf of President Trump . More on the Vice Preside…
Talking with @ DLoesch about @ POTUS Trump 's first year , our administration 's priorities for 2018 , our support for the Iranian protesters & amp ; my upcoming trip to the Middle East . Listen this afternoon at : https : //t.co/EfPt4fLOke
RT @ NASA : We 're saddened by the loss of astronaut John Young , who was 87 . Young flew twice to the Moon , walked on its surface & amp ; flew the fi…
Under @ POTUS , 2017 was a year of extraordinary accomplishment :
✓ Rebuilding military
✓ Regulatory reform
✓ Appointments to courts to uphold rule of law
✓ Tax reform
✓ Repealing the Obamacare mandate

And in 2018 we 'll continue to create a stronger & amp ; more prosperous America ! https : //t.co/9Dt1HrTsyg
I 'm even more confident , after this weekend 's discussion , that with @ POTUS ’ leadership and the strong leadership in the Congress , we are going to keep delivering for the American people in 2018 . # MAGA https : //t.co/FcHWcFZjqU
. @ POTUS ' policies have been achieving extraordinary results .

✓ Nearly two million jobs created
✓ Unemployment at a 17 year row

But as the President said at the close of 2017 , we 're just getting started . https : //t.co/48H9VlNbg8
. @ HouseGOP & amp ; @ SenateGOP leaders and our entire administration are working on @ POTUS Trump 's Make America Great Agenda - productive day at Camp David . # MAGA https : //t.co/dPK2q15bbE
. @ POTUS Trump knows just how important manufacturing is to our nation 's success and our people 's prosperity . And thanks to the America First agenda , confidence & amp ; manufacturing is back . This administration will continue to fight tirelessly for American manufacturers . # MAGA https : //t.co/8bM0yEqJa5
Robert Barro , professor of economics at Harvard , on @ POTUS ' pro-GROWTH tax cuts : `` cutting income taxes on individuals will power economic growth in the short run , and reforming them for businesses will do the same over the long haul . '' Read his @ WSJ op-ed : https : //t.co/BcbJg3FtIF
. @ POTUS ’ pro-JOBS agenda has already resulted in more than 1.8 million NEW JOBS for hardworking Americans , and in 2018 and beyond , our administration will continue to fight for good-paying jobs for the American people . # MAGA https : //t.co/uvTcYKcd0V
Karen & amp ; I were honored to host faith leaders for dinner at the Naval Observatory to review what @ POTUS has done to protect life & amp ; people of faith & amp ; to thank them for everything they do for their communities . https : //t.co/agP9134EyH
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform . We must BUILD THE WALL , sto…
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` We stand with the proud people of Iran because it is right . '' Read more of the @ VP 's op-ed on the protests in Iran . https : /…
Great meeting w/ Senators & amp ; @ POTUS on immigration . This President is keeping his promises to build the WALL & amp ; fix our immigration system . We 're going to enforce the laws of this country for the citizens of this country ! https : //t.co/WmlsxNCS9E
We stand w/ the people of Iran because it is right & amp ; because the regime in Tehran threatens the world 's peace & amp ; security . That is the essence of American leadership & amp ; as Iran now knows , the U.S is leading on the world stage for freedom . Read my op-ed here : https : //t.co/E4GCzZm3eH https : //t.co/SMBqrAgpi4
This morning the stock market hit yet another historic high . It ’ s clear that @ POTUS Trump ’ s America First agenda is WORKING for the American people , creating more jobs , and strengthening the American economy . # MAGA # Dow25K https : //t.co/gbXg1V06JJ
The U.S has spoken clearly and unequivocally . Unfortunately , many of our European partners , as well as the United Nations , have thus far failed to forcefully speak out on the growing crisis in Iran . It ’ s time for them to stand up .

Read my op-ed here : https : //t.co/9aPzsxAGuD
Today , the Iranian people are once again rising up to demand freedom and opportunity , and under @ POTUS Trump , the United States is standing with them . This time , we will not be silent .

Read my op-ed in the @ WashingtonPost : https : //t.co/9aPzsxAGuD
. @ VOANews : `` 2018 vs 2009 : The Trump administration 's quick embrace of the Iran demonstrations contrasts with the Obama administration 's more muted response to street protests in 2009 that lasted for months before dissipating under a deadly gov't crackdown '' https : //t.co/TXjjvgli24
. @ POTUS Trump made it clear : America will not be bullied , America will not be threatened , and the United States of America has managed to marshal an unprecedented amount of economic and diplomatic pressure on North Korea . https : //t.co/L0kK52AYuY
The United States of America is going to continue to send an unambiguous message that the American people stand with freedom-loving people in Iran and around the world . # IranProtests https : //t.co/o5JmgsVzPE
I remember in 2009 people in Iran demonstrating incredible courage for a democratic & amp ; free future . We looked to the White House in 2009 for American leadership & amp ; there was none . Today the U.S stands w/ Iranians who want a better , more prosperous & amp ; freer future . # IranProtests https : //t.co/dyYsr5wuaE
Under @ POTUS Trump , the people of Iran are not alone . The American people stand with them . And if they will just continue to show the courage of their convictions and reach out and embrace a free and democratic future , America and the world will be with them . # IranProtests https : //t.co/RmtM8QgRlY
Great to catch up with two of my predecessors -- Vice Presidents @ JoeBiden & amp ; Walter Mondale on Capitol Hill earlier today . Every day I am humbled and honored by the opportunity to hold this office . https : //t.co/NeQ4Po8qly
My hope is that the people of Iran understand that the U.S & amp ; the people of this country are their natural ally . We want to see them achieve a free and democratic future . We want to see them step away from a regime that continues to menace & amp ; threaten the world . # IranProtests
The contrast between the silence and the failure to support freedom in the last administration , and @ POTUS Trump 's unapologetic willingness to stand w/ the courageous people of Iran - I know it is giving hope to the people on the streets of those cities across Iran . # IranProtests
Iran is the leading state sponsor of terrorism in the world . To see the people of Iran rising up to demand change in their country should hearten every freedom-loving American and people who cherish freedom around the world . # IranProtests
As I told @ Greta during our interview for @ VOAnews , the clear affirmation & amp ; support that @ POTUS Trump has provided to protestors rising up in cities across Iran is dramatic & amp ; consistent with America 's role in the world as a leading champion of freedom . # IranProtests
RT @ VPPressSec : 3 Vice Presidents : @ VP Pence , @ JoeBiden & amp ; Walter Mondale catch up on Capitol Hill . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/5YSTbA7OAV
Talking directly to the Iranian people today . My interview with @ Greta for @ VOANews will air in Iran . The message from @ POTUS and me is clear : Unlike the past , this time America stands with the brave Iranian protesters who are risking their lives for freedom ! # IranProtests https : //t.co/DIXFC3Nyvw
Protesters in Iran should know there 's bipartisan support in America for the freedom-loving people of Iran who continue to fight against their government ’ s corruption and tyranny . # IranProtests https : //t.co/PvOZoacOwD
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government . You will see great support from…
We need freedom loving people everywhere to stand w/ Iranian people & amp ; against the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps- who are restricting basic freedoms & amp ; plundering Iran ’ s money to support terrorism abroad instead of helping hardworking Iranians in their own nation . # IranProtests
Thank you @ senorrinhatch for your decades of service in the United States Senate and for fighting every day for the American people . @ POTUS & amp ; I will always be grateful for your leadership , counsel , and friendship . https : //t.co/emfwN5KMdT
. @ POTUS Trump promised the American people to fight for trade that puts America first and benefits the American people above all else . This President has delivered . https : //t.co/mpLgYUZZ26
( 2/2 ) ... The bold and growing resistance of the Iranian people today gives hope and faith to all who struggle for freedom and against tyranny . We must not and we will not let them down . # IranProtests
As long as @ RealDonaldTrump is POTUS and I am VP , the United States of America will not repeat the shameful mistake of our past when others stood by and ignored the heroic resistance of the Iranian people as they fought against their brutal regime ... ( 1/2 )
Here ’ s the great news : 2017 was just a warm up . 2018 is going to be bigger and better than ever for Americans because @ POTUS & amp ; I are just getting started ! Karen and I wish you a Happy New Year ! # MAGA # AmericaFirst https : //t.co/XV2Pgx6fJ7
Saddened to learn of the senseless violence involving officers in CO. Our hearts & amp ; prayers are w/ the victims , their families & amp ; all of @ DCSheriff & amp ; law enforcement . We 'll always be grateful for those who risk their lives to keep our communities safe . May God bless & amp ; protect them .
. @ POTUS & amp ; I stand w/ peaceful protestors in Iran who are speaking out for freedom & amp ; we condemn the arrests of innocents . The time has come for the regime in Tehran to end terrorist activities , corruption , & amp ; their disregard for human rights . # IranProtests https : //t.co/PcZMk07RcB
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change , and , other than the vast military power of the…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Oppressive regimes can not endure forever , and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice . The world…
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump is rebuilding our military , defeating terrorist organizations , and confronting rogue nations to protect Ame…
The U.S. economy is already responding to @ POTUS ' bold actions this first year :

✓ 1.7 million new jobs
✓ 22 regulations eliminated for every one new regulation
✓ Biz/Consumer confidence at new highs
✓ Largest tax cut in U.S history https : //t.co/1ljtMDhdk4
In just one year , @ POTUS fulfilled promise after promise :

✓ Neil Gorsuch on the Supreme Court
✓ Repealed the Obamacare individual mandate
✓ 1.7 million new jobs
✓ ISIS on the run
✓ Largest tax cut in American history

# MAGA https : //t.co/bephpImYHR
RT @ WhiteHouse : Returning money from Washington to the people is the clearest sign our leaders can give that they take this responsibility…
Karen & amp ; I spent time this Christmas season hosting members of the Armed Forces , the @ SecretService & amp ; their families at the Naval Observatory to celebrate the holidays & amp ; thank them for their service . https : //t.co/o29QKNYjup
From our family to yours , Karen and I hope you have a wonderful Christmas Day with family , friends , and loved ones ! # MerryChristmas
Christmas is a wonderful time of the year as we spend time with loved ones & amp ; reflect on our blessings . Let ’ s also remember those heroes serving around the world so we can celebrate Christmas in peace & amp ; freedom . We wish you a # MerryChristmas & amp ; a healthy & amp ; prosperous New Year ! https : //t.co/R8itwBtEXF
No matter your belief may you find renewed strength this season . For all who in the coming days will look to a manger & amp ; claim the promise announced on a Holy Night of peace on Earth & amp ; good will toward men-from the First Family , my family & amp ; families across America : Merry Christmas https : //t.co/mSgr7nDaUl
In Afghanistan , I talked with @ margbrennan for @ CBSEveningNews about how our armed forces are in Afghanistan with new freedom , new flexibility , and new resources , supporting the Afghan peoples ' efforts to take the fight to the enemies of both of our countries . https : //t.co/XymlFTdUS3
RT @ USAID : During this Christmas season , we stand with @ VP to assure Christians and others persecuted for their faith in the Middle East th…
. @ POTUS Trump promised tax cuts by Christmas and President Trump delivered . Millions of working families will head into the holiday season knowing real relief is just around the corner . A historic achievement - and we are just getting started . https : //t.co/BIPDUZcvan
Being here on the front lines , supporting the Afghan people as they defeat these terrorists & amp ; standing shoulder-to-shoulder with them is all about our security . @ POTUS made that clear . https : //t.co/uJBdytjNyU
As I told our troops in Afghanistan , the Armed Forces of the United States are the world ’ s greatest force for good . It 's because of them freedom has a future in Afghanistan , America , and across the wider world . And I assured them : @ POTUS Trump HAS THEIR BACK . https : //t.co/oGK1Qeu0ox
I know there are many faith traditions represented among our troops in Afghanistan . No matter their background & amp ; belief , I hope they find renewal & amp ; renewed strength in this season . From the First Family and my family and families all across America : Merry Christmas ! https : //t.co/cV56Vpcxeb
Important meeting w/ Afghanistan 's Pres . @ ashrafghani & amp ; @ afgexecutive to discuss @ POTUS ’ S. Asia strategy & amp ; to reaffirm our commitment to stand w/ the Afghan people , to stand up to terrorists that have found a safe haven here & amp ; to make it clear that the resolve of the U.S is firm https : //t.co/hxExi4BmUS
I told our troops in Afghanistan that under this Commander-in-Chief and because of their courage , I believe with all my heart that Afghanistan will be free and America will be safe , and we 'll WIN this fight . https : //t.co/gMTJ8CvF61
It was my great honor on behalf of @ POTUS & amp ; the American people to join our courageous troops in Afghanistan & amp ; thank them for their service . It 's because of them that we 're safe . It 's because of them that freedom has a future in Afghanistan , America , and across the wider world . https : //t.co/qFWR5DGLSG
Before I left the @ WhiteHouse yesterday , I asked @ POTUS Trump if he had a message for our troops here in Afghanistan . And he looked at me and said , “ Tell them I love them. ” https : //t.co/PO4F7Z5vOx
RT @ nikkihaley : We appreciate these countries for not falling to the irresponsible ways of the @ UN : https : //t.co/a0hUTepD8H
Under @ POTUS Trump , the United States expects our allies to stand with us . Thank you to the countries that recognized our right to determine where we put our embassy . As Ambassador @ nikkihaley said , `` The U.S will remember this day . America will put our embassy in Jerusalem . '' https : //t.co/XBqPs3U1N8
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` We ’ re going to cut taxes for the middle class , make the tax code simpler and more fair for everyday Americans , and we are…
When @ POTUS coined that phrase “ the forgotten men and women of America , ” he tapped into a frustration the American people were feeling that they knew our nation could be better . As we see America grow stronger and grow more prosperous , we 're going to grow more united . # MAGA https : //t.co/dhViSa72D8
. @ POTUS laid out a vision for historic tax relief this year & amp ; said we want to :

1 ) Cut taxes for every American
2 ) Simplify the tax code so we can file taxes on a post card
3 ) Lower taxes on businesses so companies can be competitive again

And @ POTUS delivered . https : //t.co/yeNjfC5l3u
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Discussed @ POTUS ' historic tax cuts w/ @ IngrahamAngle & amp ; told her to be here for the largest tax cut in the U.S history & amp ; at the same time , repeal the Obamacare individual mandate & amp ; open up ANWR to environmentally responsible drilling - it 's humbling for me to be part of it https : //t.co/K8MHO1Nv3g
Watch @ FoxNews at 10 PM - I talk with @ IngrahamAngle about how @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS , pro-GROWTH , pro-FAMILY tax cuts plan for the American people will help grow the economy and create more jobs . Be sure to watch ! https : //t.co/QAQcpo6sy7
A little over a year ago the American people elected a man who ran on a bold vision to put the American people first . We 're delivering & amp ; the economy is responding , our allies are grateful & amp ; our enemies are trembling and running scared . We 're just getting started . Merry Christmas ! https : //t.co/Md3Sdncont
RT @ VPPressSec : Happening tonight : @ VP sits down exclusively w/ @ IngrahamAngle to talk historic tax reform & amp ; the 1st year of President Trum…
Under @ POTUS ' leadership , we not only just delivered the biggest tax cut in American history , but just repealed Obamacare 's individual mandate , opened up tremendous oil reserves , and empowered more choice in education . All this means BIGGER paychecks and MORE JOBS for Americans . https : //t.co/UpsFYnUtj6
In August , @ POTUS laid out his vision for a tax cut that would bring about a “ middle-class miracle. ” This President is a man of his word and he ’ s a man of action . With the strong support of these members of Congress , Pres . Trump delivered a great victory for the American people . https : //t.co/8IMoMekdDl
Today , @ POTUS Trump has fulfilled the promise he made to millions of Americans struggling in this economy – to cut taxes across the board for working families and businesses large and small . # MAGA https : //t.co/wKRLRWgIOy
. @ POTUS & amp ; entire Cabinet were committed to passing the largest tax cut in American history . And because of the President ’ s determination and leadership , the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten no more , and we are Making America Great Again . https : //t.co/SxcNw0dTvz
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I would like to congratulate @ SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically & amp ; politically on the pass…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Together , we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/47k9i4p3J2
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill . Terrible Individual Mandate ( Obam…
Honored to preside as the Senate voted to pass @ POTUS ’ historic pro-growth , pro-jobs tax cuts for the American people . # MAGA https : //t.co/LfayXxqnTw
A historic WIN for the American people as the @ SenateGOP voted to deliver working families & amp ; job creators a TAX CUT for Christmas . @ POTUS Trump kept his promise to deliver a middle-class miracle for millions of hard-working Americans - a great day for the American people ! # MAGA https : //t.co/4G4gJj4tJ2
Huddling with Treasury Sec . @ stevenmnuchin1 & amp ; NEC Director Gary Cohn on Capitol Hill ahead of tonight ’ s historic vote on tax reform . @ POTUS kept his promise - tax cuts by Christmas . https : //t.co/Kx6pDasdzx
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to Paul Ryan , Kevin McCarthy , Kevin Brady , Steve Scalise , Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great House R…
. @ POTUS Trump ’ s tax cut plan is designed to benefit hardworking American families , like this young man 's . We promised tax reform by Christmas & amp ; today we will deliver ! # MAGA https : //t.co/CRgYCNX7Ba
Grateful for the support of @ SpeakerRyan , @ RepKevinBrady & amp ; the entire @ HouseGOP for passing @ POTUS ’ historic pro-GROWTH , pro-JOBS TAX CUTS for America ’ s working families . This is a big day for the American people .

Up next - the Senate :
☑ House
☐ Senate
☐ @ POTUS ’ signature https : //t.co/29lVbTbDLJ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope and…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Together , our task is to strengthen our families , to build up our communities , to serve our citizens , and to celebrate…
Today , @ POTUS Trump took another crucial step to ensure the safety and security of our country far into the future as he announced to the American people , our allies , and adversaries across the wider world a national security strategy that puts America first . https : //t.co/e0nyhBEe7g
RT @ realDonaldTrump : With the strategy that I announced today , we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to WI…
RT @ VPPressSec : Statement : @ VP to delay trip to Egypt & amp ; Israel until Jan , will stay to see tax reform thru — & gt ; https : //t.co/ZGWhGZG7Ij
Our hearts break after hearing about the fatalities on board the train that derailed in Washington . Please keep the victims , the injured , their loved ones & amp ; the courageous first responders in your prayers during this difficult time . We continue to monitor developments closely .
RT @ SecondLady : As # Christmas approaches , we honor military service members and their families . We appreciate the sacrifices you make to pr…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State . We…
In less than a year , @ POTUS Trump has made enormous progress to promote PEACE through American STRENGTH . https : //t.co/nXzLAbe6Ll
. @ POTUS Trump has no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people – and since the outset of our administration , he has worked tirelessly to make America stronger and safer than ever before . https : //t.co/9bqae0a6fe
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as President Trump delivers remarks regarding the Administration ’ s National Security Strategy : https : //t.co/9RcY…
. @ POTUS Trump will discuss his National Security Strategy to advance America ’ s interests . Watch live → https : //t.co/UUeMY4KUw5 https : //t.co/QPKxALLUWF
RT @ HouseGOP : . @ POTUS , # taxreform will be heading your way soon . We ’ re committed to getting # 2059more back in the pockets of everyday Ameri…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : More than a century after conquering flight , the # WrightBrothers continue to motivate & amp ; inspire Americans , who never t…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : As a candidate , I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the back…
RT @ Scavino45 : . @ VP Mike Pence arrives at Camp David in Thurmont , Maryland a couple of hours ago . # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/J0XAeRNZfO
Honored to host the selfless and dedicated men & amp ; women of the @ SecretService for a Christmas party this afternoon . Karen and I enjoyed meeting their families and thanking them for their service ! https : //t.co/BYUXWtTwOn
RT @ realDonaldTrump : TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in U.S. workers , leading to higher growth , higher wages , …
THANK YOU to all the volunteers across America who laid wreaths for those who dedicated their lives to serving our Nation . We will never forget the sacrifices they made to defend our FREEDOM . # WAA2017 # HonorThem https : //t.co/f29QSPrlLM
RT @ realDonaldTrump : You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE .

Thank you to our police , thank you to our sheriffs , and than…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One ( HMX-1 ) at the Marine Corps Air Facility in…
An honor to welcome the courageous parents of little Charlie Gard , Chris and Connie , to the @ WhiteHouse to discuss the life and legacy of their son . Their parental love and devotion to their son is inspiring and a reminder of how precious all lives are . https : //t.co/p1vjvpZNOc
Congratulations to the most recent graduates of the @ FBI National Academy . THANK YOU for your service to our nation and for helping to keep our families and communities SAFE . https : //t.co/FC4foBVPET
RT @ SecondLady : Our official Christmas portrait has been released ! We took this photo on Saturday , December 9 , at the Vice President 's Resi…
Since day one , @ POTUS Trump has been rolling back the heavy hand of government at a record pace . And as the President said today , instead of eliminating two old regulations for every one new regulation , we eliminated TWENTY-TWO old regulations for every new one . https : //t.co/PSCPySFHST
Great discussion w/ @ onetoughnerd , @ KimReynoldsIA , @ BillHaslam & amp ; @ AsaHutchinson about how @ POTUS ' priorities of pro-growth tax cuts & amp ; better trade deals will result in MORE JOBS & amp ; stronger US manufacturing . I told them I ’ m confident we can get TAX CUTS done before Christmas # MAGA https : //t.co/3TH0REoGJZ
. @ POTUS is keeping his promises to the American people and fighting to grow the American economy . This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to reclaim America ’ s great destiny & amp ; to put our economy on a path of sustained economic prosperity & amp ; job creation . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/N0N6f2TfZc
RT @ VPPressSec : Statement from the Office of the @ VP -- & gt ; https : //t.co/udvC8jZlDZ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good . All are working hard . In the meantime , the Stock Market hit another record…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Earlier today , President Trump and American taxpayers delivered remarks on tax reform . More : https : //t.co/OxoMXawVrV https : …
Met w/ 12-yr old Noeh from Iraq . ISIS destroyed his home & amp ; he fled leaving everything behind . When they returned , their town was burnt to the ground . The plight of Noeh & amp ; thousands of others like him is why @ POTUS ordered us to directly aid the persecuted . Help is on the way ! https : //t.co/v5skBC5Ys3
I 'm confident that before Christmas @ POTUS is going to sign historic legislation to CUT TAXES across the board for working families & amp ; job creators . We 'll simplify the tax code , make it flatter and fairer , and , as the President said , we 'll make it work for the American people . https : //t.co/xSrF35C27j
In today 's TAX CUTS speech , @ POTUS made clear : `` If Congress sends me a bill before Christmas , the IRS has confirmed that Americans will see lower taxes and bigger paychecks beginning in February – just two short months from now . ''

Let 's pass the bill ! # MAGA https : //t.co/HTmF4Idn7G
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` We want to give you the American People a giant tax cut for Christmas . ''
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as President Trump delivers remarks on tax reform : https : //t.co/00MwN1qPSp https : //t.co/RH9r4o47SY
. @ POTUS & amp ; I met with @ OrrinHatch , @ RepKevinBrady & amp ; members of the Conference Committee working on the ‘ Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act ’ at the @ WhiteHouse . We are SO close to passing the largest tax cut in history . We ’ ll get this done ! # MAGA https : //t.co/vEUwatjrxw
Happy birthday to the citizen Soldiers & amp ; Airmen of the @ USNationalGuard as they celebrate 381 years of protecting America ! These heroes are first responders during a crisis at home & amp ; answer the call when needed around the world . THANK YOU for your service . # Guard381 https : //t.co/7f2HwMCBZV
RT @ SecondLady : Amazed by the courageous young patients and their families @ RMHCofGreaterDC ! Grateful for the opportunity to spend time wit…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Happy Hanukkah ! https : //t.co/KPIlNgiA5q
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed spending time with children and their families @ MedStarGUH today . Thank you to the wonderful staff for taking me ar…
Tonight , Jews around the world will gather to light the first of eight # Hanukkah candles commemorating the fight for freedom that began some 22 centuries ago in the land of Israel . May that light of freedom burn bright & amp ; may God bless the Jewish people , Israel & amp ; the U.S. https : //t.co/wdf3ZBhhZk
Briefed bipartisan group of California reps on the fed response to # CAwildfires . @ POTUS approved an emergency declaration last Friday & amp ; @ forestservice is providing air & amp ; ground assets including 1,000 personnel . Together , we will help the people of CA restore , rebuild & amp ; recover . https : //t.co/zn7QdbCZOQ
RT @ FLOTUS : Enjoyed last week ’ s visit to @ childrenshealth in DC . Was wonderful to meet brave patients & amp ; their families . Wishing everyone a…
Getting closer to delivering the largest tax cut in American history by Christmas for hardworking U.S. families . Great meeting on the Hill w/ @ RepKevinBrady . # MAGA https : //t.co/ebQDXoY6mD
Great to speak to the Values Action Team on the Hill . It was an honor to join such an extraordinary group of leaders and advocates for faith , family , and freedom . VAT has grown in size & amp ; strength since my days in the House . Thank you to Chairwoman @ RepHartzler for her leadership . https : //t.co/uTqwro1g99
. @ POTUS is keeping his promise to the American people to rebuild our military by signing the National Defense Authorization Act today . As he said , `` Only when the good are strong will peace prevail . Today ... we accelerate the process of fully restoring America 's military might . '' https : //t.co/oD5I4dP8qn
Important conversation w/ my great friend @ GovHolcomb & amp ; auto manufacturers w/ operations in Indiana re : @ POTUS ' commitment to growing US manufacturing , better trade deals & amp ; more American jobs . Also emphasized POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax cuts . Let 's make American Manufacturing Great Again https : //t.co/JrPZxvqi2J
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as President Trump Signs H.R . 2810 , National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 : https : //t.co/3hNtH3…
RT @ SecondLady : We appreciate the 40 volunteers who helped to decorate the Vice President 's Residence for the # Christmas season ! Take a loo…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High , along with a Record High Stock Market . Unemployment is at a 17 year low . M…
In the wake of today 's failed attack , we commend NY law enforcement and stand with @ POTUS against terrorism and extremism . As POTUS said : `` those convicted of engaging in acts of terror deserve the strongest penalty allowed by law , including the death penalty . '' https : //t.co/Syn1hUkS2U
RT @ NASA : Today , @ POTUS signed a directive calling for the United States to lead a human return to the Moon , followed by missions to Mars a…
Congratulations , Ambassador @ petehoekstra ! I know from serving together in the Congress and as @ POTUS has seen , there ’ s no better man to be Ambassador to the Netherlands than Pete Hoekstra . https : //t.co/LkQor0UEWn
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump will make America a leader in space exploration again . Read more : https : //t.co/OLVLsXZlTi https : //t.co/Eiaw…
In pursuing the objectives of the National Space Council , @ POTUS Trump ’ s actions will enhance our nat'l security , provide for the common defense , spur innovation , and create jobs . https : //t.co/uzII7xZnAp
In signing today 's space policy directive , @ POTUS Trump is ensuring that America will lead in space once again . American astronauts will return to the Moon & amp ; lay a foundation for a mission to Mars . https : //t.co/XpqbXCXMgD
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as President Trump participates in a signing ceremony for Space Policy Directive - 1 : https : //t.co/huc4PDVyoC ht…
. @ POTUS & amp ; I STAND w/ people of faith . Honored to meet faith leaders to review what POTUS has done to protect life & amp ; people of faith . Also previewed my Middle East trip where we will discuss relief efforts for persecuted Christians & amp ; others persecuted for their faith in the region https : //t.co/JnhW4TtTw1
RT @ VPPressSec : Statement from the office of the @ VP regarding his upcoming trip to the Middle East — & gt ; https : //t.co/g6g4bxaqSr
RT @ FLOTUS : The effects of the hurricane season are still being felt & amp ; residents still need our help . As Christmas & amp ; the New Year approach , …
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill . Shaping up even better than projected . House and Senate working very ha…
Karen and I were HONORED to have incredible members of the United States Armed Forces and their families join us tonight at the Naval Observatory to celebrate the holidays . THANK YOU for your service ! https : //t.co/IJy5aUxiwl
RT @ SecondLady : Here 's a sneak peek of our dog , # Harley , enjoying the Christmas decorations at the Vice President 's Residence ! https : //t.co…
Our new Secretary of Homeland Security @ SecNielsen is now on Twitter ! She will help secure our borders , ensure the safety and security of the American people , and be an outstanding addition to @ POTUS ' @ Cabinet ! Congrats , @ SecNielsen . # MAGA https : //t.co/yUCeqSkZ2i
RT @ SecretaryAcosta : Last month , the American economy added 228,000 jobs . Since January , the economy has added 1.7 million jobs . https : //t.…
RT @ IvankaTrump : The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped to 4.7 % - the LOWEST in the history of the United States . This Administration and @ …
GREAT jobs report ! @ POTUS & amp ; our entire administration will continue fighting for sustained economic prosperity and good-paying jobs for the American people . Let 's pass TAX CUTS and keep this momentum going . # MAGA https : //t.co/KsNP445zWM
Thanks @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS for hosting last night 's Hanukkah party at the @ WhiteHouse ! As our Jewish friends look forward to the beginning of Hanukkah , may they reflect on the blessings of the past year and enjoy time spent with loved ones . https : //t.co/Cf2So58MD8
A special honor to join @ POTUS Trump and welcome surviving veterans of the attack on Pearl Harbor . As the President said , all American hearts are filled with gratitude for their service & amp ; their sacrifice . They are HEROES all . # RememberPearlHarbor https : //t.co/G10wBcN0vC
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , the U.S. flag flies at half-staff at the @ WhiteHouse , in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day . https : …
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump proclaims December 7 , 2017 , as National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day : https : //t.co/V3CbZBSwYm https : //t.co/…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Across the battlefields , oceans , and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war , one great battle cr…
RT @ SecondLady : Great trip ! It was a privilege to join you in Texas , @ FLOTUS . # TexasRebuilds # TexasStrong https : //t.co/c30NeeimE5
Great meeting with @ DeptofDefense Secretary Mattis at the Pentagon & amp ; enjoyed seeing members of the @ NavalAcademy Band who are getting ready for Saturday 's big Army/Navy game . THANK YOU for your service ! https : //t.co/B3Vjb43uj2
RT @ SecondLady : We will all miss Pickle , our very chatty , sweet kitty of 16 years . https : //t.co/X4xx8nH6vN
RT @ charlipence : When we first rescued Pickle 15 years ago , she had been neglected so she was scared and mean and… https : //t.co/6lOwojkjCM
RT @ FLOTUS : Wonderful to spend time with @ secondlady Mrs. Pence , @ TexasFLCA Mrs. Abbott and @ georgepbush Mr. Bush . Thank you for your servi…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought…
RT @ FLOTUS : Today we honor Pearl Harbor Heroes . 12/7/1941
Thank you to all military for your courage and sacrifice ! https : //t.co/fuxvoaXAno
Today we remember the thousands who gave their lives in the attack on Pearl Harbor 76 years ago . We honor the lost husbands , wives , sons and daughters whose service helped to preserve the freedom we are privileged to still have to this very day . https : //t.co/Puyp8p9jqk
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to join @ FLOTUS in Texas where we visited Charlie Marshall Elementary School -- a school affected by # HurricaneHarvey…
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you # Texas ! So enjoyed my visit with everyone today . Special thanks to 1st responders & amp ; @ CoastalBendFB for all that you d…
Spoke at the 2017 Kemp Leadership Award Dinner about @ POTUS ' efforts to ensure a more safe & amp ; secure America & amp ; pass pro-GROWTH TAX CUTS for working families . When Americans can keep more of their hard-earned money , they invest it right back into their businesses & amp ; families # KLAD17 https : //t.co/zknqgEwb1s
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump 's proclamation on Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel : https : //t.co/67yWkkXLV4 https : //t.co/q5d…
We ’ ll fight to make sure the final TAX CUTS bill reflects what @ POTUS laid out earlier this year :

1 ) We ’ re gon na let the people keep more of their hard-earned dollars
2 ) We ’ ll make the tax code simple & amp ; fair
3 ) We ’ re gon na make U.S companies competitive again
# KLAD17 https : //t.co/1DPEYcnGI9
America has momentum , but in order to turn this momentum into sustained econ growth , there ’ s one more thing we need to get done this year . Before Christmas , @ POTUS will sign historic legislation to CUT TAXES across the board for working families & amp ; job creators . # KLAD17 https : //t.co/CIK3mNwOYW
Today , @ POTUS Trump took a truly historic step – when the President of the United States recognized Jerusalem as the capital of the Jewish State of Israel . # KLAD17 https : //t.co/X56pxQD6cY
Speaking at the 2017 @ kempfoundation Leadership Award Dinner about @ POTUS ' efforts to ensure America 's safety & amp ; security & amp ; to pass a pro-JOBS tax cuts plan for the American people : https : //t.co/dgNUdhSneP # KLAD17 https : //t.co/2J3fwE73Ih
RT @ StephGrisham45 : . @ FLOTUS & amp ; @ SecondLady now visiting Charlie Marshall Elementary School . With more than 1.4 million public school studen…
RT @ StephGrisham45 : . @ FLOTUS speaking now after mtg family & amp ; touring home devastated by # HurricaneHarvey . Offers support & amp ; continued resour…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel . I am also directing the…
RT @ EricGreitens : Just spoke to @ VP to express my congratulations and gratitude to he and @ POTUS for their bold , historic decision to recog…
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump is following through on his promise to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel and has in…
. @ POTUS Trump is a man of his word & amp ; is committed to keep the promises he made to the American people . As the world saw today , this President is just as committed to the cause of peace - in the Middle East , and across the wider world .
For nearly 20 years , Congress & amp ; successive administrations have expressed a willingness to move the American embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . Yet more than two decades of talk has resulted in no action - until now .
Today , @ POTUS took a historic step to make it clear America stands with our allies - especially our most cherished ally , Israel . https : //t.co/dq7kTfWuAw
The people of California in the path of these wildfires are in our hearts , and we 're praying for you and the heroic first responders working to keep all safe . Like @ POTUS said , please listen to local and state officials . We are with you all ! https : //t.co/0kHoD8qrTF
Talked w/ Mike Porcaro on @ 650keni & amp ; said that the American people should reach out to their elected representatives in both political parties & amp ; let them know how important tax relief is to their family & amp ; to their businesses . If we do that , we WILL get this bill to @ POTUS ' desk . https : //t.co/6UbxsaWOyl
Told @ radiostieren that this pro-JOBS tax cuts bill represents the END of an American tax system that overtaxes working families & amp ; American businesses large & amp ; small . The bill that has now passed the House & amp ; Senate has HISTORIC tax relief for working families . Let 's get it done . https : //t.co/YYMe5jqWUx
RT @ fema : We approved a fire management grant for California to help firefighters battle the # ThomasFire . https : //t.co/fKFtOzQmeB
RT @ TomBossert45 : Just spoke with @ JerryBrownGov . We are praying for the people of Ventura and LA Counties in the path of the wildfires . Th…
Great read about @ SecondLady and our new home at the Naval Observatory . https : //t.co/XmE826kHzY
As I said on the @ HowieCarrShow earlier , when you add together middle-class tax relief w/ lower tax rates for businesses , this TAX CUTS bill fits @ POTUS ' vision of a `` middle-class miracle '' & amp ; we will do everything in our power to get it to the President 's desk before Christmas . https : //t.co/Jk2ZT3G66N
Thanks to the leadership of @ POTUS Trump and thanks to the efforts of Republicans in the House and Senate , we are ONE STEP AWAY from passing the largest tax cut in American history . Great discussion w/ the @ HowieCarrShow about @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax cuts . https : //t.co/co2J1jUWyw
RT @ SecondLady : ICYMI : Great conversation about # ArtTherapy on WERA radio !
Check out the interview here : https : //t.co/7eqjWUtXU0
RT @ FLOTUS : Headed to # Texas tomorrow with @ SecondLady to continue support those affected by # HurricaneHarvey . We are with you every step o…
Now discussing how @ POTUS ' pro-American TAX CUTS help America 's working families with @ radiostieren & amp ; then Mike Porcaro on @ 650keni in Alaska .
→ https : //t.co/V2jepUSlgk
→ https : //t.co/BjQrARoC4c
Talking with the @ HowieCarrShow in New England about the latest updates on @ POTUS ' pro-GROWTH , pro-JOBS tax cuts for the American people . Let 's get this bill PASSED . Listen in here : https : //t.co/BMmWzn9wpT
RT @ SecondLady : TUNE IN TODAY ! It 's your chance to learn more about my initiative , Art Therapy : Healing with the HeART . # ArtTherapy https : /…
RT @ VPPressSec : “ The @ VP is committed to doing all he can to support @ POTUS ’ efforts to keep the homeland safe from threats both foreign & amp ; …
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed welcoming Senate spouses to the Vice President 's Residence this afternoon to celebrate the holiday season . https : //…
Congratulations Ambassador Ed McMullen ! Under the leadership of @ POTUS Trump and with Ambassador McMullen as America ’ s Ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein , our countries will draw closer , our friendship will grow stronger , and our people will benefit for years to come . https : //t.co/lEWdasuywA
Important dialogue with Bashar Warda , the Archbishop of Erbil , about @ POTUS ' commitment to directly assist persecuted Christians & amp ; religious minorities in Iraq . I ’ m heading to the Middle East this month to discuss U.S. plans to accelerate funding those impacted in the region . https : //t.co/eQIdNytPlZ
When this TAX CUT makes its way to @ POTUS ' desk , we believe we 'll have laid a foundation for sustained economic growth , the likes of which we 've begun to see already . And I told @ CBNNews ' @ TheBrodyFile that we plan to build on that foundation the rest of this year & amp ; into 2018. https : //t.co/IswTYSEYir
Over the past year , @ POTUS has sent a message to the world that AMERICA IS BACK . Talked about that w/ @ TheBrodyFile & amp ; about how world leaders are grateful to see a President , to see an administration , that 's embracing our role as leader of the free world . https : //t.co/ChCZy0kHZH
RT @ VPComDir : ‘ President Trump Is a Believer and so am I ’ : Pence Confirms Trump ’ s Christian Faith to @ CBNNews @ TheBrodyFile https : //t.co/UN…
Under @ POTUS , America stands with Israel . Discussed w/ @ TheBrodyFile that we 'll deliver that message in Israel later this month & amp ; travel to Egypt , where we ’ ll be addressing the issue of persecuted Christians & amp ; religious minorities across the wider Arab world . https : //t.co/CD1RG4Kb4b
RT @ realDonaldTrump : 62 years ago this week , a brave seamstress in Montgomery , Alabama uttered one word that changed history ... https : //t.c…
Karen and I enjoyed a great Christmas party this evening at our home at the Naval Observatory with members of the Secret Service and their families . Thank you for all that you do ! https : //t.co/iwsitF8PGt
As I told @ CBNNews ' @ TheBrodyFile , @ POTUS & amp ; I have been working around the clock w/ members of the Senate & amp ; before that w/ members of the House . Before Christmas comes , we 're going to deliver to the American people the LARGEST TAX CUT in American history ! Middle-Class Miracle ! https : //t.co/21xGZ8oUaE
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate . Now these great Republicans will be going for fina…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America . Special thanks to @ SenateMa…
Honored to preside during tonight 's historic tax cut vote in the U.S. Senate ... https : //t.co/TpL7uX6Rmb
Tonight ’ s tax cut vote in the Senate was a historic victory for the American people . Grateful for the support of @ SenateGOP for passing @ POTUS ' “ middle-class miracle ” for millions of hard-working families . On track to have POTUS sign the Tax Cuts & amp ; Jobs Act into law by Christmas ! https : //t.co/xmNWUOJcgA
RT @ WhiteHouse : The Senate closes in on tax reform : https : //t.co/Vik8fR3bMA
RT @ TheBrodyFile : It ’ s coming . Are you ready ? One-on-One with Vice President Mike Pence on The 700 Club tomorrow ! I think I ’ ll watch . @ 700c…
Great talking with @ TheBrodyFile about @ POTUS ' priorities of cutting taxes , getting the American economy moving again & amp ; ensuring the safety and security of the American people . https : //t.co/zPKMpKDTdn
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today is a day that I ’ ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG . It is one that you have heard me speak about…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The Christmas Story begins 2,000 years ago with a mother , a father , their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of…
RT @ SecondLady : As the Honorary Vice Chairwoman for @ SisterCitiesInt , I hosted the Sister City delegates from Frejus , France @ VP Residence.…
Told @ TheBrodyFile that @ POTUS & amp ; I believe that we 're going to deliver the largest TAX CUT in American history - and we 'll do it before Christmas . And as the President has said , it 's going to result in a `` middle-class miracle . ''

Watch here : https : //t.co/jDKoUQH0Gm
RT @ TheBrodyFile : It 's coming soon ! My one-on-one interview this morning with Vice President Mike Pence at the U.S . Naval Observatory . I at…
Honored to meet with Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa of Bahrain at the @ WhiteHouse today . Signed a deal for the sale of 16 F-16s worth over $ 2.3 billion . BIG boost for American jobs and security ! https : //t.co/IiDnrD4gOS
. @ POTUS and our entire administration are going to roll our sleeves up . We 're going to work to CUT TAXES ACROSS THE BOARD for working families , small businesses , and free enterprise across America . https : //t.co/g4aPY6yXSb
RT @ realDonaldTrump : This week , the Senate can join the House & amp ; take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone of A…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST . It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS , to protect OUR COMMUNITIES…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Small businesses are a primary driver of the American economy and when they succeed so does the country . More : https : //t.co…
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` The beating heart of our plan is a tax cut for working families . We are going to make sure you can keep more of your hard-…
Honored to meet with local and state leaders who serve veterans in 49 states at the @ WhiteHouse Veterans Affairs Conference . Working with these great veterans , @ POTUS and I will make sure our heroes get the benefits & amp ; healthcare they EARNED ! https : //t.co/CKUNfCYDGg
Good seeing New Hampshire 's great Governor @ GovChrisSununu at the @ WhiteHouse today . Talked about @ POTUS ' priorities of tax cuts , jobs & amp ; combating the scourge of opiate addiction in the Granite State . https : //t.co/8pUK65GUEf
As I told @ radiotalkermike , I think the optimism you see in businesses large & amp ; small is a response to @ POTUS ' vision for this country & amp ; the policies that we 've advanced . To have sustained econ growth , we have to PASS TAX RELIEF that focuses on getting this economy GROWING again https : //t.co/2DxOwOVCKR
The situation in North Korea is a serious one & amp ; as @ POTUS made clear yesterday , `` We 'll take care of it . '' The era of strategic patience is over . All options are on the table & amp ; the Kim regime would do well not to test the resolve of POTUS or the capabilities of the U.S Armed Forces https : //t.co/5I8KNKjaf0
As I said to @ radiotalkermike , I would encourage everyone to call the office of their Senator & amp ; tell them to give working families & amp ; businesses that are competing to create jobs the kind of tax relief needed to get this economy growing again . https : //t.co/9dsy0Ooj3R
On the radio w/ @ radiotalkermike - talking about how @ POTUS ' pro-GROWTH , pro-JOBS , pro-WORKER tax cuts will help working Americans . Listen here : https : //t.co/Q99Rrfb9cK
The Kim regime in North Korea would do well not to test the resolve of this @ POTUS – or the capabilities of the Armed Forces of the United States . https : //t.co/62KvheZUpc
Everywhere I go , I see the critical need for American leadership & amp ; the difference it makes , to confront the emergence of new evils , to comfort those who suffer under the weight of despotism & amp ; to create the foundation of a future of peace & amp ; prosperity for our people & amp ; the world . https : //t.co/F2pkNeh1fl
. @ POTUS pledged to crush and destroy ISIS – and today , thanks to the courage of our Armed Forces , and the resolve of their Commander-in-Chief , ISIS is on the run . https : //t.co/yynLue6KwS
Just last week , @ POTUS Trump declared North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism , and in the wake of today ’ s provocation , our administration is considering additional measures . https : //t.co/BytRVGNelw
With the strong leadership of our @ POTUS , we will pass the largest tax cut in American history . https : //t.co/eacgrqA6fb
Under @ POTUS ’ leadership , our administration has taken decisive action to restore American strength – and American leadership is on the rise once again . https : //t.co/1tny1A4eHt
Watch live ! Speaking now at the @ HudsonInstitute 's 2017 Herman Kahn Award Dinner about @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax cuts and how Pres . Trump is restoring American leadership across the wider world : https : //t.co/9mbr0kucDB # VPinNY https : //t.co/oW6iHQuone
70 years ago we recognized the future of the Jewish people lay in a state they could call their own , & amp ; today @ POTUS is working tirelessly to strengthen the historic friendship b/w the US & amp ; Israel . If the world knows nothing else , the world will know this : America STANDS w/ Israel https : //t.co/6OiAO0AHVq
RT @ SecondLady : Great discussion with art therapists and health administrators at Bellevue Hospital in NY . They 're making a difference ! # Ar…
RT @ SecondLady : # ArtTherapy changes lives ! Observed an art therapy session at Bellevue Hospital in NY for people being treated for substanc…
RT @ SecondLady : Inspired by the discussion with an art therapist in NY who started an art therapy program for victims of the 9/11 terrorist…
I applaud the @ BudgetGOP for taking another step toward providing tax relief for the American people . @ POTUS Trump and our administration will continue fighting every day to CUT TAXES for working families all across this nation until we get this bill passed . Time to get it done ! https : //t.co/euYiRpf1j5
. @ POTUS asked me to be in NY in honor of the day when the U.S. joined 32 other nations to support the creation of the State of Israel . We were proud to be the first to recognize Israel 's independence & amp ; are proud to have stood by Israel & amp ; the Jewish people ever since # 70toIsraelUN https : //t.co/YWrp5PzuAa
While today we celebrate the vote that took place in the United Nations 70 years ago - every day we celebrate the strength and vitality of the Jewish people , and the Jewish state of Israel . # 70toIsraelUN https : //t.co/BGafbD1sQD
While for the past 20 years , Congress and successive administrations have expressed a willingness to move our embassy , @ POTUS Trump is actively considering when and how to move the American Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem . # 70toIsraelUN https : //t.co/hYkQ88vwm8
With the leadership of our @ POTUS , and the efforts of our Ambassador to the United Nations , Nikki Haley , one thing is clear - the days of Israel-bashing at the @ UN are over . # 70toIsraelUN https : //t.co/NsEWCKHf4z
Under @ POTUS Donald Trump , if the world knows nothing else , the world will know this : America stands with Israel . # 70toIsraelUN https : //t.co/zT0gj4AbYj
Watch live ! Speaking now at Israel 's Mission to the United Nations event celebrating the 70th anniversary of the @ UN 's vote calling for the establishment of a Jewish State in the Land of Israel : https : //t.co/AOvRcRTzRN # VPinNY https : //t.co/6wBbBT7pCx
Great discussion w/ biz leaders from @ GM , @ Ford , @ fcagroup & amp ; @ USAutoCouncil about @ POTUS ’ plans for more American jobs through tax reform & amp ; better trade deals . Emphasized @ POTUS ' commitment to tax cuts & amp ; growing U.S manufacturing . We will make American Manufacturing Great Again ! https : //t.co/sd43p4hW0T
. @ POTUS & amp ; this administration is absolutely committed to CUTTING TAXES for working families & amp ; ushering in a new era of American prosperity . https : //t.co/Muh6zcYawi
Productive meeting w/ @ KingAbdullahII at the @ WhiteHouse - I thanked him for Jordan 's leadership in the region & amp ; its efforts in helping us to defeat ISIS and counter Iranian influence . https : //t.co/xEz3x1SkLN
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Back in D.C. , big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country . Senate Republicans will…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Happy # SmallBusinessSaturday !

A great day to support your community and America ’ s JOB creators by shopping locally at…
Such an evil and cowardly terrorist attack on worshipers in Egypt . Our condolences & amp ; prayers are with the victims & amp ; their families . Our strength & amp ; resolve will overpower their extremist ideology . We can not & amp ; will not allow terrorists to win .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt . The world can not tolerate terr…
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Together we give thanks for the loved ones who grace our lives and for the heroes who protect our nation . '' https : //t.co/pP…
On this Thanksgiving we have so much to be thankful for-our family , friends & amp ; the privilege to serve our nation . On this day we will pause to offer a prayer of thanks for God ’ s blessings & amp ; for those who defend our freedom at home & amp ; abroad . To them & amp ; all of you # HappyThanksgiving ! https : //t.co/pxb4SlaBBB
RT @ realDonaldTrump : HAPPY THANKSGIVING , your Country is starting to do really well . Jobs coming back , highest Stock Market EVER , Military…
Great to meet the dedicated doctors , nurses , caregivers and staff at @ WRBethesda & amp ; at USO . So thankful that these dedicated service members give their best to America ’ s best every day . https : //t.co/HKBAIFTQ3k
Karen & amp ; I were honored to bring # Thanksgiving greetings to brave members of our Armed Forces and their families at @ WRBethesda earlier today . Every American is thankful for the service and courage of these true American HEROES . https : //t.co/d1jv3nMoqN
RT @ WhiteHouse : Gathering as Families , Giving Thanks as a Nation : https : //t.co/lPBSY2HAnm https : //t.co/CGrthJxWz2
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The @ USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash . We are monitoring the situation . Prayers for all…
RT @ SecondLady : Thank you , Hedlund Trees in Elma , Washington for this gorgeous tree ! We ca n't wait to decorate it for Christmas ! https : //t.…
Great to meet Drumstick at the @ WhiteHouse today . Glad @ POTUS pardoned him ! Thanks to the Wittenburg family and the local 4-H members from Douglas County , Minnesota for donating this year ’ s bird ! https : //t.co/yTpBcFNIXs
Great to meet with David Rubenstein & amp ; David Skorton , leaders of an American treasure — the @ smithsonian . Productive conversation about the Smithsonian 's education initiatives & amp ; the revitalization of the @ airandspace Museum . https : //t.co/Dx3lOhzvMQ
. @ POTUS & amp ; this administration made a promise to deliver historic tax cuts for the American people . Now is the moment , and we can ’ t afford to let up and slow down . https : //t.co/Sza4SaTxqZ
. @ sendavidperdue is right : `` Today ’ s corporate tax structure is penalizing our workers . We have to reduce the tax burden before it cripples our workforce further . ''

@ POTUS ' plan will make sure that American biz can compete w/ biz around the world to create good jobs & amp ; raise wages . https : //t.co/2Kld7Bi7qJ
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Art Therapy Provides Healing for Young Patients | https : //t.co/yoXh0iUK2H https : //t.co/zvlSGJkvrk
At today ’ s @ Cabinet meeting @ POTUS had this to say about our historic TAX CUTS plan : “ We are committed to bringing urgent relief to hardworking families ... & amp ; restoring America 's competitive edge so we can bring back our JOBS . ''

Let 's get this done ! https : //t.co/UVINk9QLY9
The era of strategic patience is OVER . As @ POTUS said , `` Our thoughts turn to # OttoWarmbier & amp ; the countless others brutally affected by the North Korean oppression . '' North Korea 's days of international lawlessness are numbered . https : //t.co/GAFbB1dbIx
RT @ VPComDir : From @ WSJ : @ VP Pence on Taxes and Trade https : //t.co/LKt5VZExcM
America has momentum right now . But in order to turn this momentum into sustained economic growth , @ POTUS & amp ; I are going to be fighting every day for a TAX CUT for working families across the nation . https : //t.co/nu1XVUw5ie
Discussed fight against drugs w/ Colombian VP @ Gr_Naranjo following our visit to Colombia in Aug. Made clear @ POTUS & amp ; I are committed to reducing drug production/trafficking . Also expressed concern for on-going Venezuelan crisis & amp ; reiterated support for restoring their democracy . https : //t.co/nP4T1TCkIA
Productive discussion with @ afgexecutive at the @ WhiteHouse about POTUS ' South Asia strategy & amp ; its beneficial impact on the security situation in Afghanistan . Commended the Afghan security forces for fighting the insurgency & amp ; terrorists , such as ISIS & amp ; al-Qaida . https : //t.co/ZtgF6tmfXx
Important briefing from USVI Gov . Mapp at the @ WhiteHouse - good to see him again & amp ; follow up on our visit to USVI last month . Thanked him for his commitment & amp ; leadership & amp ; made it clear that @ POTUS & amp ; this admin will continue to be with USVI every day as they recover and rebuild . https : //t.co/T7FYZqqXxC
Another BIG step toward delivering @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax cuts for America ’ s middle-income families & amp ; job creators . Thank you @ GOPSenFinance for your hard work . Now is the time to pass HISTORIC tax relief - let 's get it done . https : //t.co/sx1qgOa0sC
As I told the @ TaxFoundation , 227 members of Congress took a historic first step to tax reform . We can ’ t afford to let up and slow down . With the leadership of @ POTUS , we 're going to pass the LARGEST TAX CUT in American history & amp ; deliver on our PROMISES to the American people . https : //t.co/VE5uafGIaK
. @ Secondlady & amp ; I were honored to welcome military families to the Naval Observatory to celebrate an early Thanksgiving . Thank you to all who are currently serving & amp ; who have served ! https : //t.co/siVdUKrw3o
. @ POTUS has laid out our admin 's vision for a TAX CUT to usher in a new era of American prosperity & amp ; deliver a Middle Class Miracle # TaxProm https : //t.co/6rS0RdNrKX
No matter where I am – whether it ’ s on a shop floor in Pennsylvania or a café in Phoenix – every single American I 've spoken to has told me that they need a tax cut . # TaxProm https : //t.co/irRlCoN7RA
America has momentum . But in order to turn this momentum into sustained economic growth , @ POTUS is fighting every day to pass the LARGEST TAX CUT in American history . # TaxProm https : //t.co/N7jzm7V0ij
Speaking at @ taxfoundation 's dinner about @ POTUS ' pro-WORKER tax cuts . Watch here → https : //t.co/Gd3DI8gnr2 # TaxProm
Great discussion about @ POTUS ' pro-GROWTH , pro-JOBS tax cuts w/ @ SecretarySonny & amp ; local officials from New York , New Jersey & amp ; California at the @ WhiteHouse - also thanked them for their hard work and dedication to their communities . https : //t.co/THChDsWT2d
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the # TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling our…
GREAT DAY for the American people – as @ POTUS said , this `` is a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic tax cuts for the American people . '' We applaud the House for passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act . It ’ s time for a Middle Class Miracle ! Now on to the Senate .
RT @ WhiteHouse : Sign your name to stand with President Trump and support action on our broken tax system today : https : //t.co/19gQohHOBZ htt…
Like I said in Texas yesterday , under @ POTUS , we 're going to CUT TAXES ACROSS THE BOARD for working families and businesses . And this tax relief will usher in a new era of economic GROWTH all across our nation .

Full article in the @ TexasTribune : https : //t.co/ex3dujGnIn
Grateful to the brave men & amp ; women of Texas law enforcement for everything you do ! https : //t.co/I0mXrFVZaJ
RT @ SpecNewsATX : . @ SecondLady Karen Pence visited @ dellchildrens today to learn more about the hospital 's art therapy initiatives https : //t…
. @ statesman : `` Pence , in Austin , stresses federal commitment to Harvey recovery ''

Full article here : https : //t.co/BGejhV9WGT https : //t.co/fbqo68WCef
RT @ SecondLady : Great visit ! Viewed artwork created in art therapy sessions @ dellchildrens & amp ; talked w/an art therapist & amp ; physicians . Thank…
Thanks to the hard-working men & amp ; women of @ FEMA , @ FEMA_Brock , @ GovAbbott , @ SecretaryPerry & amp ; emergency responders - grateful for your dedication to bring Texas back after Harvey . We are W/ YOU TEXAS , we will STAY W/ YOU & amp ; we will be w/ you EVERY STEP OF THE WAY . # TexasStrong https : //t.co/UqxWVQljL2
RT @ SecondLady : Observed an art therapy session with a six year old patient & amp ; her art therapist at @ DellsChildren Hospital in Austin . Amazi…
We ’ ve made progress together , but we understand we have a long way to go . We know Texas will come ALL THE WAY back – and then some . # TexasStrong https : //t.co/TZpgJomG1q
. @ POTUS ' admin has made the FULL RESOURCES of the fed government available to the people of Texas to help w/ Harvey relief .

✓ More than $ 1 billion for housing
✓ More than $ 2 billion for small biz across Texas
✓ More than $ 4 billion through the Nat'l Flood Insurance program https : //t.co/NeByJHTqvF
Heading to Texas w/ @ SecondLady to meet w/ @ GovAbbott & amp ; @ FEMA officials for updates on Hurricane Harvey relief efforts . Then speaking w/ nation 's Republican Governors about @ POTUS ' priorities - especially tax cuts for hard working American families ! https : //t.co/ev2fNTXQ6M
RT @ SecondLady : Looking forward to visiting @ DellsChildren Hospital today in Austin , TX # ArtTherapy https : //t.co/FJsq2VarN3 https : //t.co/0e…
RT @ SecondLady : Thank you to The Congressional Club for helping to pack 800 @ EmmasArtKits . Now , heading to children 's hospitals for art the…
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : The Second Lady Provides Art Supply Kits to Children 's Hospitals | https : //t.co/yoXh0iUK2H @ EmmasArtKits https : /…
RT @ FoxBusiness : . @ VP on trade deals : `` I think the honesty of that kind of dialogue and the strength of the American economy ... puts us in…
Under @ POTUS , we ’ re going to CUT TAXES for working families in real and meaningful ways . We ’ re going to restore SIMPLICITY and FAIRNESS to the tax code . And we ’ re going to make our economy competitive again . # WSJCEOCouncil https : //t.co/TVBsfowT9y
I 've traveled across America this year on @ POTUS ' behalf , and every place I visit , working families and job creators tell me the tax code is an enormous burden to their success and growth . # WSJCEOCouncil https : //t.co/ySPcOlwVs5
Watch live ! Speaking about @ POTUS ' pro-GROWTH , pro-JOBS , pro-AMERICA tax reforms at the @ WSJ CEO Council meeting : https : //t.co/PZAUGmjQB9 # WSJCEOCouncil
Saddened to hear of the shooting in N. California , the loss of life & amp ; injuries , including innocent children . We commend the effort of courageous law enforcement . We 'll continue to monitor the situation & amp ; provide federal support , as we pray for comfort & amp ; healing for all impacted
RT @ SecondLady : Great to host The Congressional Club at the @ VP Residence where we assembled 800 art kits to donate to children 's hospitals…
Under @ POTUS Trump , USA will PROVIDE SUPPORT DIRECTLY TO PERSECUTED COMMUNITIES of faith through @ USAID & amp ; @ StateDept . We will ensure that we bring the right aid , at the right time , to the right people .
Important meeting w/ @ nikkihaley , @ MickMulvaneyOMB , @ USAIDMarkGreen & amp ; former Rep. Frank Wolf about implementing @ POTUS ' policy to direct much needed RESOURCES & amp ; RELIEF to Christians and others persecuted for their faith in the Middle East . Help is on the way . https : //t.co/mAlwYS2NXd
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Research Shows Art Therapy Helps to Heal !
https : //t.co/XIGFwLOa05
@ IU_Health @ HerronSchool # ArtTherapy # Research
Congrats , Ken Juster , the new U.S Ambassador to India ! The ties between the United States and India run deep , and @ POTUS & amp ; I are confident that with his leadership , integrity & amp ; experience , Ken will build an even stronger partnership that will benefit our nation & amp ; our people . https : //t.co/wrczzpflya
HAPPY 100TH BIRTHDAY to Texan & amp ; WWII veteran , William Fly ! @ POTUS and your country are so grateful for your courage & amp ; we honor you for your service ! God Bless ! https : //t.co/0jFYZ484q3 https : //t.co/AeCLii5h7V
Honored to host Holy See Secretary of State Cardinal Pietro Parolin at the @ WhiteHouse - productive conversation about how we can work together to promote human rights , combat human suffering , and protect religious freedom . https : //t.co/SuBSZJWDR4
Congratulations to Alex Azar for being @ POTUS ' choice to lead @ HHSGov . Alex brings decades of health care experience . @ POTUS continues to recruit smart & amp ; capable leaders focused on Making America Great Again ! https : //t.co/2ZxGbIMp0n
RT @ SecondLady : # MondayMotivation Art Therapy : Healing with the HeART
https : //t.co/vHsHeyp6pm
Deeply humbling for me to stand before so many heroes at Arlington Cemetery this morning . Our nation owes a debt to our veterans , and it is a debt we can never fully repay - but on this Veterans Day , and every day , we will strive to do just that . https : //t.co/VJBViW2WyR
Find a veteran and say , thank you for your service . Thank them for their courage . Thank them for your freedom . And thank them for doing their part to preserve this last best hope of Earth , for ourselves , and our posterity . # VeteransDay https : //t.co/oeX0tC19H6
This is the land of the free because it ’ s still the home of the brave . # VeteransDay https : //t.co/qvBTmQphb8
It is deeply humbling for me to stand before so many heroes . # VeteransDay https : //t.co/AxHtlDuYR7
On this Veterans Day , we honor those who served . But as our veterans understand better than most , we also honor their service by ensuring that those serving in our Armed Forces today have the resources & amp ; support they need to defend this nation . # VeteransDay https : //t.co/0O8LOOvF7N
As @ POTUS has said , we will not rest or relent until “ all of America ’ s great veterans receive the care they so richly deserve. ” # VeteransDay https : //t.co/vF0IthcGac
We are grateful for your service . We are grateful for your sacrifice . And to our veterans , I make this promise - just as you fought for us , we will always fight for you . # VeteransDay
Today is the day when across America in gatherings large & amp ; small we pause to remember those who served . # VeteransDay https : //t.co/LqnblSwqhi
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP Pence Lays # VeteransDay Wreath at Tomb of Unknown Soldier https : //t.co/264sKX72wE # ProudAmerican https : //t.co/NyLRpI4kTS
Speaking at the wreath laying ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery to honor our nation 's Veterans . Watch live : https : //t.co/FuCqP07ABl
RT @ WhiteHouse : Today we honor and pay tribute to America 's veterans . Thank you for your service . # VeteransDay https : //t.co/Fs2FMgyuF6
RT @ ffweekend : VP Pence cleans the Vietnam memorial in D.C. ahead of visit to Arlington National Cemetery # VeteransDay https : //t.co/TW6g9Mh…
Moving start to Veterans Day . Thanks to @ NewDayUSA volunteers who joined @ NatlParkService , @ SecretaryZinke , Karen & amp ; me to clean the Vietnam Veterans Memorial . Also inspiring to meet NPS ranger & amp ; veteran James Pierce . To all Veterans , we are grateful for your service & amp ; sacrifice . https : //t.co/2aCacabxax
Today we honor our Veterans . Thank you for your service . As @ POTUS said , `` We applaud your service , salute your sacrifice , and pay tribute to your profound patriotism and love of country . '' https : //t.co/MI1PmT0Gq1
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump is putting our veterans FIRST . Read more : https : //t.co/UM6TvTnsVF https : //t.co/jhSIVtQ2o0
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to nat…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : On behalf of an entire nation , Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines !
# USMC242 # Sempe…
As the father of a Marine , I 'm proud today to honor the @ USMC on 242 years of defending our freedom and this nation and helping to keep our families safe . # HappyBirthdayMarines # USMC242 https : //t.co/cinFK9Q6R9
RT @ SecondLady : Always a pleasure to shine the light on # ArtTherapy . Check out the video below . https : //t.co/nK5MX9T8fu
RT @ SecondLady : Great visit ! You all are doing great work ! # ArtTherapy # Research https : //t.co/6fvmOWTvF4
We need the support of every Hoosier in Congress . I know we 'll be able to count on @ SenToddYoung , but Indiana also needs to be able to count on @ SenDonnelly to VOTE FOR TAX RELIEF for the people of the Hoosier State . https : //t.co/wLmXgWTxtv
. @ POTUS ' plans for American businesses will mean an INCREASE in salary and in opportunities for America 's WORKERS . Hoosier families are going to be winners . Hoosier businesses are going to be winners . # VPinIN https : //t.co/VOVQkozlRJ
Great to be back in Indiana with @ SecretaryAcosta , @ GovHolcomb & amp ; @ SenToddYoung - talking @ POTUS ' pro-AMERICAN tax cuts with hard working middle-income families & amp ; job creators . # VPinIN https : //t.co/lShlRiMBXz
. @ POTUS has advanced a tax-reform plan to deliver a Middle-Class Miracle that will simplify the tax code and CUT TAXES for working families and businesses . # VPinIN https : //t.co/nDmPbTCBIe
Heard from hard working job creators here in Indiana - their message was clear . The time has come to CUT TAXES across the board for working families , small businesses , and family farms . # VPinIN https : //t.co/7tfZOAYezy
RT @ SecondLady : Looking forward to visiting @ IUMedSchool & amp ; @ IU_Health in # Indy today to learn more about # ArtTherapy research . @ HerronSchoo…
Excited to talk w/ working families and job creators in Indiana today about @ POTUS ' pro-GROWTH , pro-JOBS tax cuts . Speaking at TKO Graphix in Plainfield at 5:40 : https : //t.co/DWv0qwpgrO # VPinIN
Words fail when saints and heroes fall . We gathered last night to extend our deepest sympathies to the families of the fallen & amp ; injured . The Bible tells us that , “ The Lord is close to the broken-hearted '' & amp ; that will be our prayer for them from this day forward . # SutherlandSprings https : //t.co/PA0IJevCps
This weekend I hope places of worship all across America will be filled to overflowing . I hope that Americans of every background & amp ; belief will send a chorus of prayers from their hearts into the heart of heaven for these families , for # SutherlandSprings community & amp ; for this land https : //t.co/n7Z1voJEHb
We come together as one nation and one people to support our fellow Americans in their hour of need . Faith is stronger than evil . No attack , no act of violence will ever break our spirit or diminish the faith of the American people . https : //t.co/pCny5hqVkf
Grateful to the faith leaders who joined us last night - thank you for your outpouring of support for your fellow Texans . And thank you to the heroic actions of neighbors , law enforcement & amp ; the first responders who saved lives by their swift action on Sunday . # SutherlandSprings https : //t.co/c3QDn83Gfr
As @ POTUS Trump said , “ In dark times like these…we pull together , we join hands , we lock arms , & amp ; through the tears & amp ; the sadness , we stand strong. ” We do this because that ’ s what Americans always do . We come together as one nation and as one people . # SutherlandSprings https : //t.co/0oSCj2Jjfm
As @ POTUS often says , when one part of America hurts , we all hurt – when one part of America struggles , we all struggle – & amp ; when one part of America cries out for help , we all come together . I know the hearts and prayers of every American are in # SutherlandSprings . https : //t.co/hm7zerY09K
We mourn with those who mourn , and we grieve with those who grieve , but we do not grieve like those who have no hope – for our faith , and our heroes , give us hope . # SutherlandSprings https : //t.co/uX1uZAhMpj
. @ POTUS asked Karen & amp ; me to be in Texas to express our deepest sympathies & amp ; our resolve . No attack , no act of violence , will ever break our spirit or diminish the faith of the American people . # SutherlandSprings https : //t.co/KAWrKSGE1Y
. @ GovAbbott , Karen & amp ; I met w/ members of First Baptist Church who are recovering from injuries at Brooke Army Med Center . To the members of First Baptist Church & amp ; to # SutherlandSprings-we are w/ you , the American people are w/ you & amp ; as @ POTUS said , `` We will never leave your side '' https : //t.co/ttBOGih0Ka
Speaking soon at a prayer vigil in Texas , remembering those who lost their lives in Sunday 's church shooting : https : //t.co/CBM5bJsWmW # SutherlandSprings
I 'm a believer , and I believe in prayer , and at this moment of such heartbreak and loss in the # SutherlandSprings community , what most Americans are most able to do is to pray for those families . https : //t.co/7yXU6yOPVz
NO LONGER under this @ POTUS will we provide funds through ineffective programs at the @ UN . NOW the USAID will directly fund programs to help persecuted religious minorities in regions of the world where they need help . https : //t.co/02CwvOBbEK
We 're going to continue to work to MAKE SURE that working families & amp ; middle-class Americans benefit from @ POTUS ' TAX CUTS . Watch a clip from my interview with @ ShannonBream . https : //t.co/tvhEZnPjlQ
Over this past year , while there has been so much change for the good in America , @ POTUS has n't changed at all . He continues to drive forward to KEEP THE PROMISES he made to the American people : https : //t.co/M5X4kXHw9v https : //t.co/sxMcYUw3I5
A year of accomplishments under @ POTUS . 1.5 million new jobs . The stock market is setting records . POTUS stands without apology for law enforcement . He 's rebuilding our military & amp ; ISIS is on the run .

Read my op-ed in the @ USATODAY : https : //t.co/M5X4kXHw9v
One year ago @ POTUS won a historic victory & amp ; it 's been a year of results .
✓ Economy is roaring
✓ Gorsuch on the Supreme Court
✓ ISIS on the run
✓ Rebuilding our military
And we 're just getting started : https : //t.co/EBKElk96jG https : //t.co/dESZT7kYtF
WATCH @ FoxNews at 11 - talking w/ @ ShannonBream about @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS , pro-GROWTH , pro-WORKER , pro-AMERICAN tax reforms . https : //t.co/9eNOPtlKXt
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the U.S. should look to our past ... .and you will doubt it no longer…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear & amp ; ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance , agreement…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The U.S. , under my administration , is completely rebuilding its military , and they 're spending hundreds of billions of…
RT @ VPComDir : In depth conversation between @ VP & amp ; @ ShannonBream about how @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax reforms will help WORKING Americans . Watch @ …
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷
# NationalAssembly # POTUSinAsia
➡️https : //t.co/M3iEhPdkas https : //t.co/hSxdtd2UnY
RT @ foxnewsnight : EXCLUSIVE : @ ShannonBream sits down w/ @ VP Pence tonight at 11pm ET . # FoxNewsAtNight @ FoxNews https : //t.co/zULA8PzZVb
Great meetings talking tax cuts on Capitol Hill . @ IvankaTrump & amp ; I discussed TAX RELIEF for working families w/ @ cathymcmorris.Getting there ! https : //t.co/CtAm57FVjc
Good to see my friend @ SteveScalise . With his help & amp ; the leadership in Congress , we 're going to get TAX RELIEF for middle-class Americans . https : //t.co/EWArOQnRao
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP spoke w/ @ ShannonBream re : @ POTUS tax cuts , VP 's travel to Texas tommorrow & amp ; ending religious persecution . Watch @ FoxNew…
Happy 99th birthday Rev . @ BillyGraham . Your ministry has touched the lives of millions and has been a blessing to America . https : //t.co/7brCYuAQKS
Karen & amp ; I will travel to # SutherlandSprings on Wednesday to meet w/families of the fallen , injured & amp ; law enforcement . We are with you Texas
. @ POTUS ordered flags to be flown at half-staff : `` We pray for healing and comfort . '' 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/zEQmwoNfX6
Spoke to @ GovAbbott this morning & amp ; assured him of our full support & amp ; prayers . The hearts of every American are in Sutherland Springs today .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # USA🇺🇸 # Japan🇯🇵 https : //t.co/EvxFqAVnFS
RT @ realDonaldTrump : ... Americans do what we do best : we pull together . We join hands . We lock arms and through the tears and the sadness , …
RT @ realDonaldTrump : May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs , Texas . The FBI & amp ; law enforcement are on the scene . I am monitoring the…
Karen & amp ; I send prayers to victims & amp ; their families in TX.We grieve w/ you & amp ; stand w/ resolve against evil . Thank you to the first responders
. @ POTUS is on a historic trip to the Asia Pacific & amp ; while he is very much focused on security issues , he will be talking about AMERICAN JOBS https : //t.co/RW4P1i4DUf
Talked w/ @ MariaBartiromo about @ POTUS ' commitment to CUT TAXES on working families , small biz , family farms & amp ; have a “ middle-class miracle ” https : //t.co/BpOqbGbYbm
RT @ FoxNews : . @ VP : `` We want the tax relief here to benefit middle class Americans . '' # SundayFutures @ MariaBartiromo https : //t.co/nSc9dd3Esc
Sat down w/ @ mariabartiromo after hearing from PA job creators on @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax cuts . Middle Class Miracle ! Watch @ SundayFutures @ 10 https : //t.co/0lIqW0CeYg
. @ MariaBartiromo & amp ; I discussed how @ POTUS ' tax reforms will help middle-income , working families . TUNE IN TOMORROW to @ SundayFutures . https : //t.co/G8XyjK0ia7
Grateful for the law enforcement in PA for helping w/ my visit today . Thanks for everything you do to help keep PA communities safe ! # VPinPA https : //t.co/cfmMSDn8uh
Thanks to all the working families in PA who shared their stories . We have HISTORIC opportunity to pass TAX RELIEF for the US people # VPinPA https : //t.co/gEd2xDy9va
Job creators in York , PA shared w/ @ SecretaryAcosta & amp ; me how @ POTUS ' pro-American tax reforms could help them GROW & amp ; CREATE JOBS . # VPinPA https : //t.co/EBdIQNeqw4
Talking w/ these PA job creators makes it clear the time has come to CUT TAXES for working families , small biz & amp ; family farms . # VPinPA https : //t.co/BnZTuBtlAd
TUNE IN ! @ RepScottPerry , @ RepLouBarletta , @ SecretaryAcosta & amp ; I hear from families in York about @ POTUS ' tax reforms https : //t.co/VBIZQAE0Wt
Good to see so many warm & amp ; welcoming faces in York , Pennsylvania . Thank you to our brave service members . Heroes all ! # VPinPA https : //t.co/ZjDPv3naBy
. @ SecretaryAcosta & amp ; I are on our way to deliver @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS , pro-AMERICAN tax reform message to working families in York , PA # VPinPA https : //t.co/N2xR6zYXau
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Unemployment is down to 4.1 % , lowest in 17 years . 1.5 million new jobs created since I took office . Highest stock Mark…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @ PacificCommand .

Remember # PearlHarbor . Remember the @ USSArizona !

A day…
Thanked the brave men & amp ; women of @ SecretService for their dedication & amp ; professionalism at the James J. Rowley Training Center . AMAZING TEAM ! https : //t.co/kiIT2HbFLk
Local officials from Nevada visited the @ WhiteHouse & amp ; I stopped by to tell them 'thank you ' for everything they do for the people of Nevada ! https : //t.co/fWtBDPuD90
RT @ realDonaldTrump : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! https : //t.co/twUNktGbnb
. @ SecretaryAcosta will join me tomorrow in York , PA to highlight how @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax reforms would continue U.S econ momentum . # VPinPA https : //t.co/XDTYztGfzF
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor . Will then be heading to Japan , SKorea , China , Vietnam & amp ; the Philippines . Wi…
Another impressive jobs report under @ POTUS ' leadership . POTUS ' pro-GROWTH tax cuts would build on economy 's momentum . Good news for U.S ! https : //t.co/5ACqK1Xug7
RT @ WhiteHouse : Air Force One is wheels up as Pres . Trump heads to Hawaii , Japan , the Republic of Korea , China , Vietnam , & amp ; the Philippines.…
. @ POTUS Trump & amp ; @ FLOTUS continue to show strong American leadership on the world stage . Will be a productive trip abroad . https : //t.co/OqUqKNDnOl
As I told job creators in Orlando , @ POTUS & amp ; I are committed to pass historic tax relief , the largest tax cut in American history . # VPinFL https : //t.co/QDEfxxG5ta
RT @ SecretarySonny : In Orlando w/ @ VP & amp ; @ FLGovScott to push tax cuts & amp ; reforms . Cut taxes for families , small businesses & amp ; family farms to b…
Thanks to the hard working Floridians who shared their thoughts on @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax reforms . It 's time for a tax cut in America . # VPinFL https : //t.co/C3sCvOTLJM
. @ SecretarySonny , @ FLGovScott & amp ; I heard from hard working families in Florida about the need for @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS tax reforms . # VPinFL https : //t.co/lODbq05OUu
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are absolutely committed to move forward the kind of tax relief needed to get this economy moving . # VPinFL https : //t.co/rdvpmZCVxB
. @ POTUS & amp ; I applaud @ WaysandMeansGOP for today 's step toward tax relief . As POTUS said , `` Tax cuts for middle-income Americans '' is a priority https : //t.co/KxYOBDDykS
TUNE IN ! In Orlando highlighting how @ POTUS ' pro-AMERICAN tax reforms will deliver middle class tax relief → https : //t.co/lnpfrGeoVJ # VPinFL
Made clear on Brian @ kilmeade 's Show that @ POTUS & amp ; our armed forces will NOT REST & amp ; will NOT RELENT until we destroy ISIS at its source . https : //t.co/bjN1mMxyg0
I told Brian @ kilmeade 's listeners that @ POTUS Trump is absolutely committed to bring middle-class TAX RELIEF to working families . https : //t.co/6KaDwa3Cly
LISTEN LIVE ! On with Brian @ kilmeade talking about @ POTUS ' commitment to signing the largest tax cut in U.S history : https : //t.co/P3ZjH0jnax
. @ SecretarySonny & amp ; @ FLGovScott will join me to highlight @ POTUS ' pro-JOBS , pro-WORKER , pro-AMERICAN tax reforms in Orlando today . # VPinFL https : //t.co/IRs6TtLLaV
Briefed at @ CIA by top officials . Thanked the men & amp ; women of the CIA for their service in defending the U.S people & amp ; our freedoms every day . https : //t.co/yaNdXcsqSy
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you to the GREAT NYPD , First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side attack…
RT @ SecondLady : Thank you , @ AmeriForceMags for giving me the chance to say thank you to our heroes ! 🇺🇸 # militaryfamilyappreciationmonth htt…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC . All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost thei…
. @ POTUS proclaims Nat'l Veterans & amp ; Military Families Month . We come together to honor the service of our mil . families & amp ; veterans-our HEROES https : //t.co/IRCyOR8kHj
. @ POTUS & amp ; entire Cabinet are committed to passing the largest tax cut in U.S history , resulting in more JOBS & amp ; more OPPORTUNITIES in America https : //t.co/r84RV2X3oq
Proud to serve with this @ POTUS & amp ; Cabinet . As the President said , `` We will never waver in the defense of our beloved country - ever . '' https : //t.co/mIVEJ5j4ec
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # NYCStrong # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/6K3Xw5P87d
RT @ Scavino45 : Statement from @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump on the Terrorist Attack in New York City https : //t.co/nMe1WpqGQ6
The U.S. people stand w/ NYC after today 's cowardly act of terror . When terrorists bring violence , America always brings justice & amp ; resolve .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We must not allow ISIS to return , or enter , our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere . Enough !
Saddened by the tragedy in NYC . Our prayers are w/the victims , their families & amp ; first responders . Those responsible must be held accountable
RT @ realDonaldTrump : In NYC , looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person . Law enforcement is following this closely . NOT I…
Happy Halloween ! Be safe and have fun . https : //t.co/EYbf7Y3lyJ
Met w/ @ SenateMajLdr , GOP Senators , @ GOPLeader & amp ; GOP committee chairs re : delivering @ POTUS ' pro-jobs tax reforms for hard working Americans https : //t.co/jJB7lUny1S
As @ POTUS made clear : `` We will not rest in our efforts to find and bring the perpetrators of the heinous attacks in Benghazi to justice . '' https : //t.co/kPoFXwQKv1
RT @ POTUS : Check out @ SecondLady Karen ’ s new initiative ! # ArtTherapy https : //t.co/sAIXL8CqOz
. @ POTUS ' tax plan would allow hardworking Americans to keep more of their money by lowering individual income tax rates . https : //t.co/xQc7cqta9A
As @ POTUS has said , `` It is time to ignite America 's middle class miracle once again . '' https : //t.co/R21A7Z2o0J
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump 's tax plan will boost wages and create new jobs for hardworking Americans . Learn more : https : //t.co/U4qxmY7…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Our current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers & amp ; is harming job-creators . Support action on tax reform now : https : /…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Reducing corporate tax rates will raise wages for workers of all skill levels . Learn more : https : //t.co/hQ7ZSnJuja https : //…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Happy # FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there . We are forever grateful to you for your service , sacrifice a…
We will never forget the selfless service our First Responders demonstrated responding to Harvey , Irma , Maria , Las Vegas shooting & amp ; CA fires
To our brave men & amp ; women in uniform on this First Responders Day-on behalf of the American people , we 're grateful for your service & amp ; courage https : //t.co/P4jwNPWiZV
Thank you to Minot AFB , where the Warbirds , the Rough Riders , & amp ; everyone there embodies Global Strike Command : “ Deter , assure , and strike. ” https : //t.co/Odq5BAmiyS
Minot Air Force Base is the bedrock of U.S nat'l security & amp ; stability across the wider world . Proud of the brave Americans stationed there . https : //t.co/zywGAxKg6n
Minot AFB operates most powerful weapons in arsenal-Minuteman III & amp ; ICBMs-ensuring our deterrent capabilities are ready at moment 's notice . https : //t.co/4WLDSwdaEk
History attests : The surest path to peace is through American strength . https : //t.co/iI6uLR2UVY
Our enemies should never doubt the capabilities of the Armed Forces of the United States of America . https : //t.co/goWqrLgXVb
Our enemies should never doubt the capabilities of the Armed Forces of the United States of America . https : //t.co/jqlMsWbCiS
While @ POTUS Trump has made clear , the United States has `` great strength and patience '' - all options are on the table .
In the face of ongoing threats & amp ; provocations by the regime in North Korea , the U.S will continue to marshal economic & amp ; diplomatic pressure . https : //t.co/sXEy9fP4ta
With renewed American strength , this @ POTUS has made it clear that America will stand with our allies and stand up to our enemies . https : //t.co/cEsyMnMxCz
. @ POTUS is committed to ensuring the U.S maintains a nuclear deterrent capable of meeting the unpredictable threats of the 21st Century .
There is no greater element of American strength – there is no greater force for peace in this world – than the U.S ’ nuclear arsenal . https : //t.co/To6ZvIjvbY
The Airmen of Minot Air Force Base & amp ; your fellow Americans serving across the globe have volunteered to defend our freedom & amp ; way of life .
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking to the brave airmen and airwomen at Minot Air Force Base : https : //t.co/2ppRRLObYn https : //t.co/0F4rFBFFgb
RT @ WhiteHouse : ✅ Higher Wages
✅ Higher Growth
✅ https : //t.co/K3gHPh7a89 https : //t.co/AtB50o4HXj
Touched down at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota . Grateful for the courageous men & amp ; women stationed here helping to keep the U.S safe . https : //t.co/vttNoFi2n3
Heading to Minot Air Force Base to meet w/ our brave airmen & amp ; airwomen , survey our nuclear forces & amp ; briefing by senior military officials 🇺🇸
RT @ realDonaldTrump : WORKING TOGETHER , we will defeat this # OpioidEpidemic & amp ; free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse . ht…
RT @ NASA : Today , @ VP Pence saw our InSight lander in a visit to @ LockheedMartin . See how InSight will take Mars ' vital signs : https : //t.co/…
RT @ NASA_Orion : . @ VP Mike Pence on VR tour of the Orion spacecraft at @ LockheedMartin https : //t.co/LIIiajSDpg
Under @ POTUS , America is going to lead in space once again . Thanks to @ LockheedMartin , @ usairforce & amp ; @ nasa for the briefings in Colorado . https : //t.co/l1FGdlzH3x
One of my favorite fall photos of Karen & amp ; the kids . Fun looking back on some of our favorite memories . https : //t.co/pvbP4fg2sp
Warm welcome in CO . Going to @ LockheedMartin Waterton Canyon for briefing on innovations that will help bring new era of US space leadership https : //t.co/ApvoCNEQpZ
RT @ FLOTUS : Proud to support @ potus today as he declared our nation 's opioid crisis a public health emergency . https : //t.co/CZETljrq5N
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump declared a Nationwide Public Health Emergency to address the opioid crisis : https : //t.co/4vXKFcHf8m https : /…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Drug addiction and opioids are ravaging America . https : //t.co/A1DKb9P0Gt
The Trump Administration is committed to combatting the terrible opioid epidemic that is ravaging our communities . https : //t.co/E9pFesySmO
Congratulated Austrian FM @ SebastianKurz on his election as Chancellor & amp ; discussed continued cooperation on trade & amp ; defeating ISIS .
A big step toward delivering @ POTUS ' tax cut plan for the American people ! https : //t.co/vT7reRQDfI
In the @ DenverPost I wrote that Colorado needs a tax cut & amp ; @ POTUS ' tax plan will deliver . Read it here : https : //t.co/KO0OBDmTo0 # VPinCO https : //t.co/5SHmru6UMQ
. @ POTUS asked me to go to the Middle East in Dec. to deliver the message that it is time to bring an end to the persecution of Christians . https : //t.co/IiOU28UFpb
We will no longer rely on @ UN alone to assist persecuted Christians in the wake of genocide & amp ; atrocities of terrorist groups . # idcsummit2017 https : //t.co/bV9DdpVfQR
RT @ SecondLady : NEW BLOG : Treating Our Veterans With Art Therapy | https : //t.co/yoXh0iUK2H 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/UmiJ7aD0nc
We will not rest , and we will not relent , until we hunt down and destroy ISIS at its source . # idcsummit2017 https : //t.co/A4d7MtxvfX
We stand with those who suffer for their faith because that ’ s what Americans have always done . # idcsummit2017
RT @ TheBrodyFile : JUST IN : @ VP says @ realDonaldTrump will rely on faith-based groups , NOT just ineffective @ UN to help persecuted Christian…
. @ POTUS ordered @ StateDept to stop funding ineffective relief efforts at @ UN & amp ; will support persecuted communities thru USAID # idcsummit2017 https : //t.co/YanvohF5mq
Now is the time to bring an end to the persecution of Christians and all religious minorities . # idcsummit2017 https : //t.co/GTqNiNH5Fx
Today , thanks to the courage of our Armed Forces , and the resolve of their Commander-in-Chief , ISIS is on the run . # idcsummit2017 https : //t.co/TVQFmIHMh3
Under @ POTUS Trump , we are taking the fight to the terrorists – on our terms , on their soil . # idcsummit2017
Under the leadership of @ POTUS , the U.S will always stand w/ those who suffer for their faith & amp ; we will always support them . # idcsummit2017
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at the In Defense of Christians 2017 Solidarity Dinner : https : //t.co/W2k9s2wgS9 # idcsummit2017
RT @ SecondLady : Lovely visit with Mrs. Lee Hsien Loong , wife of the Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore , at the @ VP Residence . http…
Welcomed a great group of Hoosier county commissioners and state legislators to the @ WhiteHouse . Thanks for your commitment to Indiana ! https : //t.co/ie5kUaEkh9
Every place I visit , working families and job creators tell me the biggest obstacle to their success is our country 's broken tax code . https : //t.co/Zbp3t9SBmx
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Working hard on the biggest tax cut in U.S. history . Great support from so many sides . Big winners will be the middle…
Proud to cast the tie breaking vote tonight to stand up for everyday consumers & amp ; community banks . https : //t.co/XdSFDKC0Ty
Deeply humbling to commemorate the 34th anniversary of the Beirut Marine barracks bombing—the opening salvo in the global war on terror . https : //t.co/g9yoMdAioz
Under @ POTUS , we are going to bring real change to the tax code and unleash the boundless potential of the US economy for every American . https : //t.co/9mhwI3RvwQ
RT @ SecondLady : Visited James A. Haley Veterans ’ Hospital in Tampa & amp ; viewed the new art therapy space where the Creative Forces will work w…
RT @ SecondLady : Interesting conversation with creative arts therapists who work with military service members & amp ; veterans . Thank you ! # Creat…
RT @ SecondLady : Great to speak at the Creative Forces Summit in Tampa . They 're doing great work to help our military service members & amp ; vete…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Yesterday , @ VP commemorated the 34th anniversary of the attack on the U.S. & amp ; French barracks in Beirut , Lebanon : https : //t.…
Our tax-cut plan has the potential to generate sustained economic growth of 3 % or higher and spark a `` middle class miracle. ” # PenceatAEI
As @ POTUS has said , we ’ re calling our plan the American model—that ’ s pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , and pro-family . # PenceatAEI
. @ POTUS Trump is committed to signing the largest tax cut in American history—and we ’ ll do it before the end of this year . # PenceatAEI
As I ’ ve traveled across the US , working families & amp ; job creators tell me one of the biggest obstacles to their success is our broken tax code
As @ POTUS Trump has said , our economy can not take off unless we transform America ’ s outdated , complex and burdensome tax code . # PenceatAEI
Before this year is out , we ’ re going to cut taxes across the board for working families , small businesses , and family farms . # PenceatAEI
In the first 9 months of our admin , @ POTUS has taken decisive action to restore freedom , opportunity & amp ; prosperity for Americans . # PenceatAEI
Tune in LIVE now as I join @ AEI to discuss the need for tax reform to spur America 's economic comeback . # PenceatAEI https : //t.co/3kFz6ueAqa
RT @ SecondLady : Looking forward to speaking in Tampa about the value of art therapy for healing the invisible wounds of war . # ArtTherapy # W…
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump is laying out a tax-relief framework that will unburden America ’ s Middle Class . Read more : https : //t.co/WzO…
Thank you , Captain Gary Rose . As @ POTUS said - you ’ re a patriot who never gives up & amp ; always stands strong for God , for family & amp ; for country . https : //t.co/YEK8GMYl55
Joined @ POTUS for lunch with Prime Minister @ leehsienloong . US & amp ; Singapore are working to fight terrorism , bolster cyber defenses in SE Asia https : //t.co/q6v3ctcaZe
@ POTUS We remember our fallen heroes & amp ; those they left behind . We have a duty to honor their memory by defeating the enemy that took them from us . https : //t.co/jHXmHIdKHb
. @ POTUS Trump has put Iran on notice—we will not sit idly by while the ayatollahs in Tehran plot more attacks like the bombing in Beirut . https : //t.co/1thjzcHEOu
The war on terror began 34 years ago today— & amp ; at this very hour , on the frontiers of freedom , brave Americans continue to fight and sacrifice https : //t.co/JI56uBqbSe
Today , and every day , we can take comfort in the knowledge that God above was , and is , and ever will be , Semper Fidelis .
We renew our pledge that their sacrifice will not have been in vain—and resolve that we ’ ll drive the cancer of terrorism from earth ’ s face .
Even today , we grieve the loss of four American heroes who fell in Niger earlier this month , and we honor their service and sacrifice .
Today , thanks to the courage of our Armed Forces and the resolve of their Commander-in-Chief @ POTUS Trump , ISIS is on the run .
Just last week , American and Allied Forces liberated Raqqa—and across Syria and Iraq , the caliphate is crumbling .
They proclaimed the start of a 1,000 year caliphate as they raised their black flags across the region–but today those flags no longer fly .
Three years ago , barbarians celebrated in the streets of their self-declared capital , in Raqqa .
This brutal act was perpetrated by Hezbollah , & amp ; under @ POTUS Trump , we ’ ve redoubled our commitment to cripple Hezbollah ’ s terrorist network .
At this very hour , around the globe , thousands of brave Americans are defending our freedom from the forces of terror .
The Beirut Barracks Bombing was an opening salvo in a war that we have waged ever since – the global war on terror .
@ MBWDC Thirty-four years ago today , America was thrust into a war , with an enemy unlike any we had ever faced .
Tune in to my remarks at @ MBWDC as we commemorate the 34th anniversary of the Beirut Marine Barracks bombing : https : //t.co/kzPCRmApJm
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` With tax reform we can make it morning in America again . '' Read President Trump 's op-ed on the need for tax reform : https : /…
. @ POTUS Trump is committed to simplifying the tax code and bringing real relief to hardworking Americans and businesses . https : //t.co/AtH9tCLNrh
High taxes have made it harder for companies to hire , give raises & amp ; invest in employee success . Our tax plan will put American workers first https : //t.co/yPFrGdYfmY
. @ POTUS Trump ’ s tax plan will encourage investment and growth , and ultimately create jobs for working Americans . https : //t.co/sSB7jfHb9W
Now is the time to act—together with Congress , we ’ re going to reduce the burden of excessive taxation and get America growing again . https : //t.co/Z6n4Jd2kF7
Proud of @ SecondLady and the launch of her initiative—Art Therapy : Healing with the HeART . A fitting champion for a compassionate cause . https : //t.co/A6qQwOZygK
By lowering the business tax rate under @ POTUS ' tax reform plan , American companies will be more competitive on the world stage . https : //t.co/1klAPu2oCv
RT @ fema : # MariaPR update :
-15k+ federal employees supporting
-10 million+ liters of bottled water distributed
-600k+ meals delivered per d…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great news on the 2018 budget @ SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the American…
Important step toward delivering @ POTUS ' pro-growth pro-jobs tax relief for hard working American families . https : //t.co/76jT6vIoRF
Productive meetings today with Gov @ ricardorossello . As @ POTUS said , we ’ re inspired by the strength & amp ; grace of Puerto Ricans as they rebuild https : //t.co/1EMwJJ1R2o
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was great to have Governor @ RicardoRossello of # PuertoRico🇵🇷with us at the @ WhiteHouse today . We are with you ! # PRS…
RT @ SecondLady : ICYMI : What People are Saying About the Second Lady 's Initiative | https : //t.co/yoXh0iUK2H https : //t.co/70yA679NFI
. @ POTUS ’ tax reform plan will cut taxes across the board for working families & amp ; help Americans keep more of what they earn in their pockets . https : //t.co/fKzaxdkBts
RT @ SecondLady : ICYMI : Chose one initiative to champion , and it is # ArtTherapy . I call it , Art Therapy : Healing with the HeART . https : //t.c…
Our current tax code is stifling America 's job creators . @ POTUS ' vision for tax reform will put US businesses back on the road to success . https : //t.co/qUcOqTM6fH
RT @ SecondLady : Find out who benefits from # ArtTherapy by watching this video . https : //t.co/e0q5IMVMQm via @ youtube
Productive bipartisan mtg today with @ POTUS & amp ; members of the Senate Finance Committee . Hope Dems will work with us to deliver tax relief ! https : //t.co/SV1aaB90ii
RT @ SecondLady : Read more about Art Therapy : Healing with the HeART | https : //t.co/yoXh0iUK2H https : //t.co/ZwfnLK2J3u
Happy # Diwali to those celebrating with friends & amp ; family . May we all strive for peace , prosperity & amp ; the triumph of light over darkness . https : //t.co/NJPMnyDqOk
RT @ SecondLady : MAKING NEWS : Karen Pence unveils her second lady platform - CNNPolitics https : //t.co/AdfoDBqVV9
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed a lovely lunch with art therapists , @ floridastate art therapy students and staff . Thank you for all you do to eleva…
. @ POTUS & amp ; I stressed the urgent need to deliver tax relief for the middle class by cutting taxes and simplifying the burdensome tax code . https : //t.co/MmwtWZzZYU
RT @ SecondLady : Learned more about @ floridastate nationally acclaimed art therapy graduate education program during a tour . Great students…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Thanks to European allies for standing strong & amp ; stopping cash flow into North Korea . We are grateful for our allies in stop…
RT @ SecondLady : Watch video to find out the three goals for my Initiative , Healing with the HeART | https : //t.co/yoXh0iUK2H https : //t.co/pa…
RT @ SecondLady : Karen Pence selects art therapy as the cause she 'll promote as second lady - Washington Times https : //t.co/XXX0MDzKxr
RT @ SecondLady : # ArtTherapy is not well-known , but hope to change that . @ floridastate art therapy program one of best in US . Happy to roll…
RT @ SecondLady : My New Blog : Why I Chose My Initiative , Art Therapy : Healing with the HeART | https : //t.co/yoXh0iUK2H https : //t.co/mBKpZP7r…
Hosted Greek PM @ Tsipras_EU today to continue discussions on defense , energy , commerce & amp ; trade following his meeting w/ @ POTUS yesterday . https : //t.co/uBpEkpIKIY
WATCH : As @ SecondLady of the U.S , Karen chose one initiative to champion , and it is Art Therapy . Learn more : https : //t.co/56qM7yYRwx
Tune in at 10:30 this morning to watch @ SecondLady 's announcement about her art therapy initiative : https : //t.co/s8fBlBbHEU https : //t.co/hKaEPLLHP2
RT @ SecondLady : WATCH : Second lady Karen Pence announces art therapy initiative | Fox News Video https : //t.co/uZqxS4EbIc
Job creators in Buffalo told me yesterday why @ POTUS ' plan to cut taxes for working families will help small businesses grow . # VPinNY https : //t.co/yNSuHd89Kf
Read about @ SecondLady 's initiative to highlight how art therapy can help with treating trauma , injuries & amp ; other life experiences . https : //t.co/ptMTTnZa7c
RT @ FoxNews : . @ SecondLady on art therapy : “ It ’ s just an amazing profession that ’ s very misunderstood so I ’ ve decided to champion that. ” @ fo…
RT @ FoxNews : . @ SecondLady on art therapy initiative : “ Anybody can be helped by art therapy. ” @ foxandfriends https : //t.co/vZWSEo29P6
RT @ SecondLady : Excited to talk about something that 's near and dear to my heart on @ foxandfriends . Join us at 6:30am to learn about my ann…
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyable visit with Dr. Betty Baizana during the Official Working Visit of the Prime Minister of the Hellenic Republic to…
RT @ WhiteHouse : When American industries thrive , American workers prospers . Learn more about pro-business tax reform : https : //t.co/FUoR2eFj…
Great response to @ POTUS ' tax cut plan from working families in Buffalo . As I said , we will pass the largest tax cut in U.S history . # VPinNY https : //t.co/01ecRFRl0s
Hearing from hard working families & amp ; job creators in Buffalo who know now is the time for @ POTUS ' tax relief plan . # VPinNY https : //t.co/FeMLde4DnP
RT @ realDonaldTrump : `` Dow Passes 23,000 for the First Time , Fueled by Strong Earnings ''
# Dow23K📈https : //t.co/wnkrddYlb9 https : //t.co/wlP0NCN…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Pres Trump is working to reform our tax system so that Americans are treated fairly . The America First tax plan : https : //t.…
In Buffalo w/ @ RepChrisCollins to talk about @ POTUS Trump 's pro-worker , pro-American tax cut plan w/ the hard working families there # VPinNY https : //t.co/HxQ5qDA4Tb
Talked with @ hughhewitt earlier and made clear that the time has come for us to cut taxes on working families and small business . https : //t.co/M3NLKwoeiv
This AM , spoke w/ @ hughhewitt , @ wmalnews , @ radiotalkermike & amp ; @ tonykatz about @ POTUS ' pro-growth , pro-American , pro-jobs tax cut plan . https : //t.co/NnraQO9sFj
LISTEN LIVE ! On the radio w/ @ hughhewitt & amp ; @ WMALNews to highlight how @ POTUS has taken decisive action to get the U.S economy moving again .
When we cut taxes , we launch a new era of soaring incomes & amp ; a thriving middle class . My op-ed in @ TheBuffaloNews : https : //t.co/zUPsjp4qtX https : //t.co/qReG1z2d4h
The U.S.-Japan Economic Dialogue will deepen our economic ties and produce jobs , prosperity & amp ; growth on both sides of the Pacific . https : //t.co/2OGmcnf2qO
Under @ POTUS we are committed to our historic alliance w/ Japan . Honored to have Deputy PM Asō at @ WhiteHouse for the US-Japan Econ Dialogue https : //t.co/CmMXgbJhAz
RT @ fema : For # CAFires safety info & amp ; updates : @ Cal_OES , @ CAL_FIRE , & amp ; @ CaltransHQ . For info on air quality , shelters , & amp ; more : https : //t.co/s…
Bringing @ POTUS ' pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-American tax-cut message to hard working families of Buffalo tomorrow . Follow along with # VPinNY https : //t.co/1BNrhdPNFN
WATCH LIVE : Meeting with Deputy Prime Minister Tarō Asō
during the second round of the U.S.-Japan Economic Dialogue : https : //t.co/bipORtlDk2 https : //t.co/zvqHdK3FKX
We ’ re going to cut taxes across the board for working families , small biz & amp ; family farms . @ POTUS ' tax-cut plan is pro-growth & amp ; pro-jobs . https : //t.co/J8vwMMBhq2
RT @ Cal_OES : Assistance for people in counties affected by # CaliforniaWildfires is available https : //t.co/xzp4ev2gkY or https : //t.co/RKK3G…
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump is taking action to improve access , increase choices , and lower costs for healthcare . Read more : https : //t.…
. @ POTUS in this week 's address : `` Let us renew our commitment to ... ensure this will ALWAYS BE the land of the free & amp ; the home of the brave . '' https : //t.co/kGZ8VFGxoW
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` I am announcing our strategy ... we are taking to confront the Iranian regime ’ s hostile actions ... '' https : //t.co/VymOWie33p
Under @ POTUS Trump , we will pass the largest tax cut in American history – and a tax cut means an economy where anything is possible . https : //t.co/6Q7h8G7zES
Marillyn Hewson in @ washingtonpost : `` Space exploration promises to inspire generations of young people . '' - & gt ; https : //t.co/A579TLqxt1 https : //t.co/3SmuXr5EbN
RT @ WhiteHouse : Get the facts on the Admin ’ s tax relief plan & amp ; learn more about how tax reform will help America ’ s economy thrive : https : //…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : In America , we do n't worship government - we worship God .
# ValuesVotersSummit https : //t.co/YQ3iDlWylK
As @ POTUS stated today : `` We will not continue down a path whose predictable conclusion is more violence , terror & amp ; Iran 's nuclear breakout . '' https : //t.co/s611NDTCIU
A tax cut means an economy where anything is possible - and where anyone can improve their lives and achieve the American Dream . https : //t.co/qaJa0hZTMM
When we cut taxes , we launch a new era of soaring incomes , more jobs , & amp ; a thriving Middle Class & amp ; the bigger the cut , the bigger the growth https : //t.co/LMQSGbg5aL
As @ POTUS said , we 're gon na `` end the special deals for special interests '' - and eliminate the hand-outs , the carve-outs , and the loopholes . ''
The truth is that our high taxes & amp ; complicated code make it harder for companies to hire , give raises & amp ; invest in their employees ' success . https : //t.co/sg3Ty4Wykl
Across the U.S , I 've heard from working families & amp ; job creators about all the problems they face with our country 's broken tax code . https : //t.co/HXklk7TYUj
Tune in to listen to my remarks about @ POTUS ' pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-American tax reform plan - & gt ; https : //t.co/a7vPy5WVSj https : //t.co/AF8qLzc4KC
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief . HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and women @ …
Happy birthday to the @ USNavy . The American people are grateful for the courageous men & amp ; women serving our nation & amp ; helping to keep us safe . https : //t.co/l6Se13ldf9
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Our values will endure . Our nation will thrive . Our citizens will flourish . And our freedom will triumph . '' https : //t.co/LA…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as President Trump delivers remarks to the 2017 Values Voter Summit : https : //t.co/hhX5NhVEPI https : //t.co/fJzZCi…
On # NationalFarmersDay we celebrate our farmers who , as @ POTUS said , `` help feed the world & amp ; fuel our Nation 's economy . '' Thank you farmers !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES & amp ; that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA , GROW in AMERICA , …
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access , INCREASE choices , and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE !
➡️https : //t.co/…
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` The time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across state lines . '' https : //t.co/5ndT5n8SHw
Today , @ POTUS took action to provide the American people with flexibility and freedom from the burdens of Obamacare . https : //t.co/U11p7bUqhw
RT @ realDonaldTrump : In even the darkest moments , the light of our people has shown through their goodness , their courage and their love . # …
. @ POTUS made clear : `` This is the largest tax cut in the history of our country ... the working people are going to get a massive tax break . '' https : //t.co/nvUa6HhXJ1
For Hispanic Heritage Month , Karen & amp ; I hosted a distinguished group at our home tonight to honor the accomplishment of Hispanic Americans . https : //t.co/ImjsxuJjNz
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families & amp ; that encourages companies to STAY in America , GROW in America , …
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` We want LOWER TAXES , BIGGER PAYCHECKS , and MORE JOBS for American Truckers and American Workers . '' https : //t.co/DsoaRCiwU2
. @ POTUS Trump 's tax plan will reduce taxes and launch what the President likes to call a middle-class miracle . https : //t.co/IUyC2hUhse
RT @ WhiteHouse : The America First Tax Plan will bring historic tax relief to the American people . https : //t.co/TfnOcqAvpt https : //t.co/WugH…
RT @ WhiteHouse : The Current Tax Code is a Disaster : https : //t.co/imsdqMW1bs
In California yesterday at Mojave Air & amp ; Space Port w/ @ SteveKnight25 & amp ; @ GOPLeader for discussion & amp ; briefing on U.S leadership in space https : //t.co/sZnwgg2cKG
We will be with California every day until we put the fires out and will stand with these families to rebuild these communities . https : //t.co/Uk11DuSpwP
. @ POTUS Trump 's declaration will allow @ FEMA to identify , mobilize , & amp ; provide additional equipment & amp ; resources to assist w/ the emergencies . https : //t.co/cdwnlqNTVY
To California , we say : We are with you , our prayers are with you , and we will be with you until we put the fires out . https : //t.co/05cLKty51H
On behalf of @ POTUS , I want to assure CA that we will continue to work closely w/ Gov . Brown & amp ; support your courageous first responders .
Moments ago , I spoke to @ POTUS Trump , and he has approved a major disaster declaration for California to respond to the wildfires . https : //t.co/Uf35qoWH82
Received a briefing from 1st responders here at @ Cal_OES - learned that at least 17 wildfires are burning in N. Cal w/ add'l fires in S. Cal
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are standing w/ CA & amp ; the U.S people will have the communities that are affected in our thoughts & amp ; prayers in the days ahead .
We 're grateful for the firefighters helping to protect those in CA . @ forestservice has sent 5 firefighting crews , 4 dozers & amp ; 2 strike teams
. @ POTUS Trump & amp ; our entire administration will work closely w/ @ JerryBrownGov to see California through these challenging times . https : //t.co/iZi4BPzyYP
As @ POTUS said , this is `` the right tax cut & amp ; this is the right time '' & amp ; the CA job creators @ GOPLeader & amp ; I just met with could n't agree more . https : //t.co/FDxiM1TKr7
Talking with hard working California families about @ POTUS ' pro-American tax reform plan . Audio stream here : https : //t.co/j22vD9sibZ
Spoke w/ Gov Brown & amp ; OC firefighters on wildfires . @ forestservice personnel on way to help.God bless 1st responders working to keep all safe https : //t.co/y2iXaCvlvN
RT @ fema : If you 're near the # CAfires , follow directions from local authorities and stay safe . For updates , check this list : https : //t.co/i…
. @ POTUS is achieving real results on the international stage , while critics engage in empty rhetoric & amp ; baseless attacks . https : //t.co/ctyy8SCC8v
RT @ realDonaldTrump : `` President Donald J. Trump Proclaims October 9 , 2017 , as # ColumbusDay '' https : //t.co/cbQRst4lN4
Bringing @ POTUS ' pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , pro-American tax reform message to hard working families in California today .
We were proud to stand - with all our @ Colts - for our soldiers , our flag , and our National Anthem 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/mkZiKMkPDD
I stand with @ POTUS Trump , I stand with our soldiers , and I will always stand for our Flag and our National Anthem . https : //t.co/B0zP5M41MQ
While everyone is entitled to their own opinions , I do n't think it 's too much to ask NFL players to respect the Flag and our National Anthem
... now , more than ever , we should rally around our Flag and everything that unites us ...
At a time when so many Americans are inspiring our nation with their courage , resolve , and resilience ...
I left today 's Colts game because @ POTUS and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers , our Flag , or our National Anthem .
Looking forward to cheering for our @ Colts & amp ; honoring the great career of # 18 Peyton Manning at @ LucasOilStadium today . Go Colts ! https : //t.co/C3aCYUNpqG
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # LasVegasStrong # USA🇺🇸
🎥https : //t.co/4iGwdL4kia
Thank you Las Vegas for organizing the City Wide Unity Prayer Walk . On behalf of @ POTUS we pray for strength , comfort & amp ; healing # VegasStrong https : //t.co/PIhEyXuTlq
Those we lost were taken before their time but their names & amp ; stories will be forever etched in hearts of the American people . # VegasStrong https : //t.co/H8zBQa9Zey
Today , we offer our prayers - from our hearts to heaven . We pray for the people of Las Vegas . # VegasStrong https : //t.co/CBrfxDgVoH
In Las Vegas w/ Karen to tell them , on behalf of @ POTUS , my family & amp ; every family in America , we are with them . We are all # VegasStrong . https : //t.co/WEubU0bxp7
As @ POTUS said in Las Vegas on Wednesday , `` We will always find hope in the men & amp ; women who risk their lives for ours . '' # VegasStrong https : //t.co/N1lBhRD48E
We find comfort in the knowledge that we are united as 1 nation & amp ; 1 people w/ 1 voice – united in our grief , united in support # VegasStrong https : //t.co/d8CrmzNpMq
Las Vegas came face to face w/ pure evil . But no evil , no violence , will ever diminish the strength & amp ; goodness of the US people # VegasStrong https : //t.co/4TPsyDfO6A
And we find hope in the everyday Americans – whose heroic actions in the face of unspeakable evil have inspired the nation . # VegasStrong
We find hope in med pros – doctors , surgeons , nurses & amp ; EMTs whose professionalism & amp ; expert care prevented an even wider tragedy # VegasStrong
We find hope in the heroic actions of the @ LVMPD , the fire department , and all the first responders on that night # VegasStrong
We mourn w/ those who mourn & amp ; grieve w/ those who grieve , but we do not grieve like those who have no hope , for heroes give us hope .
I stand before you today on behalf of my family , and every family in America , to say that we are with you . Today , we are all # VegasStrong .
As @ POTUS says , when one part of America cries out for help , we all come together – to answer their call . # VegasStrong https : //t.co/Zn6JgYfkQP
. @ POTUS asked us to be in Las Vegas to stand w/ them & amp ; pray for strength & amp ; healing in the wake of Sunday 's horrific attack # VegasStrong
WATCH : Speaking in Las Vegas at the Las Vegas City Wide Unity Prayer Walk : https : //t.co/9wMhJDe7Ej
On our way to Las Vegas to speak at Las Vegas City Wide Unity Prayer Walk . The American people stand with Las Vegas . https : //t.co/ZraWyCsiQp
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Our great team at @ FEMA is prepared for # HurricaneNate . Everyone in LA , MS , AL , and FL please listen to your local aut…
As @ POTUS says , when one part of America cries out for help , we come together . Under POTUS , we will be with PR & amp ; USVI every step of the way . https : //t.co/EqpvD4ICGQ
To Gov . Mapp & amp ; @ ricardorossello : I know with your leadership & amp ; the leadership of @ POTUS , the best days for PR & amp ; the USVI are yet to come . https : //t.co/sOI7hEOUni
Images of destruction have moved the hearts of the US people . @ POTUS & amp ; admin will be w/ PR & amp ; USVI every day until they come all the way back https : //t.co/21ukKQLUb4
Under leadership of @ POTUS , @ ricardorosello , @ RepJenniffer & amp ; strength of PR people : Puerto Rico se levanta , Puerto Rico is rising . https : //t.co/x32pFxXbNb
Inspiring for Karen & amp ; me to meet resilient families recovering from Maria in PR . As I said , under @ POTUS : we will be here for the long haul . https : //t.co/99cM64lcyx
RT @ SecondLady : Participated in an art session with kids impacted by # HurricaneMaria , an art therapist , & amp ; the First Lady of Puerto Rico . @ V…
RT @ SecondLady : Flying over the US Virgin Islands to survey the damage . My heart is with you . https : //t.co/DC9RNvkKxH
We 're making steady progress but we have a long way to go . @ POTUS & amp ; team know this & amp ; will be w/ PR & amp ; the USVI every step of the way . https : //t.co/Swx6GPyHwc
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are grateful for @ ricardorossello 's leadership . As POTUS has said , our entire nation is united w/ the people of PR & amp ; the USVI . https : //t.co/AVBGZfEpdS
At Holy Cross Episcopal in # USVI talking w/ residents - told them we 're w/ them & amp ; will be w/ them every day to restore , recover & amp ; rebuild . https : //t.co/xVkNvgg1PE
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP surveying damage in St. Croix with Governor Mapp . https : //t.co/ykiq5RUKmL
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP in St. Croix getting briefing from Gov . Mapp ,
@ FEMA & amp ; federal team on ground helping with recovery efforts in the US Vi…
Discussing recovery efforts in PR & amp ; USVI w/ @ SecElaineChao , @ RepJenniffer , Sec . Wright , @ StaceyPlaskett , & amp ; @ FEMA 's John Rabin on way to USVI https : //t.co/M6riilVdXI
The Nat'l Space Council met for the first time yesterday & amp ; under @ POTUS , the U.S will usher in a new era of space leadership . # NextFrontier https : //t.co/ZnY95vAQzf
The needs of Puerto Rico & amp ; the U.S. Virgin Islands will be great - but the generosity of the American people will be greater still . https : //t.co/wHvR3Dm0m5
Spoke at Iglesia de Dios on behalf of @ POTUS & amp ; delivered this message to PR families : We are w/ you & amp ; will be w/ you every step of the way . https : //t.co/hfV1oP6aSH
In FL meeting w/ Puerto Rican families & amp ; at request of @ POTUS , Karen & amp ; I will travel to PR & amp ; USVI today to meet w/ more impacted families . https : //t.co/VRNinf3UQF
Karen & amp ; I met with families at the state ’ s disaster relief center at @ MCO providing services to families displaced by Hurricane Maria . https : //t.co/vd6av9CxXN
Arrived in Florida w/ @ SecondLady , @ marcorubio , @ SenBillNelson , @ RepJenniffer & amp ; @ StaceyPlaskett to meet w/ Puerto Rican families at @ MCO . https : //t.co/WZPIuhSlHa
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump meets with the brave heroes of Las Vegas : https : //t.co/NVxvqd7RDS https : //t.co/FNKiBF0fvL
Talked w/ @ stormewarren about the Las Vegas tragedy- said we draw hope from courage & amp ; selflessness of the U.S people https : //t.co/gbViKz3IWg
Today the House took an important step toward advancing pro-growth tax reform that will help hard working Americans keep more of their money https : //t.co/yVmfFCK4qB
We pledge to do what America has always done . We 'll astonish the world again as we go to meet our future in the skies & amp ; stars # NextFrontier https : //t.co/r8Q5Sah5LC
To guide this new era of U.S space leadership , @ POTUS relaunched Nat'l Space Council & amp ; it 's my great honor to serve as chair . # NextFrontier https : //t.co/xqzLyIVHJ3
Under @ POTUS Trump , we will restore our proud legacy of leadership on this # NextFrontier & amp ; America will lead in space once again . https : //t.co/ig4zy5GLzK
FULL REMARKS : To guide this new era of U.S space leadership , @ POTUS relaunched the Nat'l Space Council # NextFrontier https : //t.co/KgumD5xVWj
RT @ NASA : `` ... and we will return American astronauts to the moon . '' - @ VP Pence https : //t.co/mzKW5uDsTi # NextFrontier https : //t.co/80ESi8yLfz
The United States of America will usher in a new era of space leadership that will benefit every facet of our national life . # NextFrontier https : //t.co/OvCcTO0Jy7
Under @ POTUS , this Council will spur development of space technology to protect U.S ' national security # NextFrontier https : //t.co/b6NaCd696T
We 'll return astronauts to the moon to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars & amp ; beyond # NextFrontier https : //t.co/S5gNDUVyCr
By fostering stronger partnerships & amp ; bringing full force of nat'l interest to bear , U.S leadership in space will be assured . # NextFrontier https : //t.co/Uvdr9PrpDb
By reviving the National Space Council , @ POTUS Trump has declared to all the world : America will lead in space once again . # NextFrontier
WATCH LIVE ! As chair , I am proud to host the first meeting of the Nat'l Space Council in 25 years : https : //t.co/UPBOpPSJaw # NextFrontier https : //t.co/elVcUqRGZ5
Read my @ WSJ op-ed here- My message when Nat'l Space Council meets : America will lead in space again- & gt ; https : //t.co/09eoA5s4dI # NextFrontier https : //t.co/ldBftjxaAe
Tune in - talking w/ @ stormewarren about the tragic events in Las Vegas & amp ; @ POTUS ' visit w/ victims & amp ; their families : https : //t.co/vUvPJaKZIg
RT @ realDonaldTrump : So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people , from police to doctors to the victims themselves , who…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION , THANK YOU to all of the First Responders ( HEROES ) who saved countless lives in Las Veg…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS ! https : //t.co/nxRWeR1gEz
RT @ PressSec : . @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS met with members of the Trauma Team at UMC who treated over 100 people . # VegasStrong https : //t.co/KJxOyWi…
RT @ Scavino45 : President @ realDonaldTrump and @ FLOTUS Melania thank Medical Professionals at The University Medical Center of Southern Neva…
RT @ VPComDir : At no time did @ VP & amp ; # SecState discuss prospect of Sec . resignation . Any assertion VP questioned @ NikkiHaley 's value to admin…
In Las Vegas , @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS will meet with law enforcement , first responders , & amp ; families of the fallen and injured . https : //t.co/2eWJMXd0ya
RT @ realDonaldTrump : My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @ RicardoRossello & amp ; his team . Great progress bei…
Told my friend Gov . @ DougDucey & amp ; families we met , @ POTUS ' pro-growth tax plan will cut taxes for working families , small biz & amp ; family farms https : //t.co/doEvMXx8pn
As we embrace the future w/ hope in the midst of this challenging week , @ POTUS sent me to AZ to meet w/ families & amp ; job creators on tax cuts https : //t.co/V4CTxbFLgG
Inspiring to see others donating blood in Arizona to help those hurt in the Las Vegas shooting . We are one nation and one people united . https : //t.co/chTIRT3zil
We will overcome & amp ; emerge stronger in Las Vegas , Puerto Rico & amp ; USVI . We will embrace the future with hope because that ’ s what Americans do . https : //t.co/qEhcXPFqUw
In AZ I gave blood to raise awareness for those in need in Las Vegas . You 're in our prayers . Find a blood bank here : https : //t.co/oCqBz3ZLQY https : //t.co/SUgSniQAPB
RT @ realDonaldTrump : So proud of @ FEMA , Military , and First Responders ! Thank you ! https : //t.co/kWVMqVelri
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects . Everyone is in my thoughts an…
RT @ Scavino45 : . @ POTUS ' @ realDonaldTrump has arrived in # PuertoRico . Speaking and briefing underway now . # PRStrong🇵🇷 https : //t.co/G2HWIOW3Au
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump and the First Lady receive a briefing on Hurricane Maria relief efforts in Puerto RIco : https : //t.co/G2bD2l…
RT @ LVMPD : This number has been changed to 1-800-536-9488 . Families can call this number to report your loved one missing . https : //t.co/t1k…
RT @ RedCross : Our deepest sympathies to all who were impacted by the tragic shooting in # LasVegas . Update on how we 're assisting : https : //t…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I am so proud of our great Country . God bless America !
RT @ LVMPD : For families looking to locate missing loved ones , please call 1-866-535-5654 .
RT @ NevadaDPS : # VegasShooting Should you decide to donate blood , here 's a link to make a reservation : https : //t.co/csHTbEyAOM https : //t.co/…
RT @ GovSandoval : Please find a blood bank near you & amp ; donate . Your donation is critical during this time of tragedy in our community . https : …
As a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless act of violence in Las Vegas , @ POTUS has ordered flags to be flown at half-staff . https : //t.co/QupqtrILVe
To the courageous first responders , thank you for your acts of bravery .
... The hearts & amp ; prayers of the American people are with you . You have our condolences and sympathies .
To victims , families & amp ; loved ones affected by this senseless violence in Las Vegas , Karen & amp ; I are praying for you & amp ; offering our love ...
Our hearts and prayers are with the victims & amp ; the people of Edmonton & amp ; we condemn the cowardly terror attacks that occurred late last night .
RT @ fema : . @ USArmyReserve trucks are packed up with food & amp ; water to distribute across PR . Additional meals/water continue to arrive daily.…
RT @ DeptofDefense : # DoD & amp ; @ FEMA provide humanitarian relief for # PuertoRico & amp ; the # USVI in the wake of # HurricaneMaria . # ReliefEfforts http…
RT @ fema : Federal teams are in PR/USVI :
-Meeting with survivors
-Providing meals/water
-Connecting families
-Conducting wellness checks
# Ma…
RT @ SecondLady : Fantastic visit with military spouses at the Joint Military Spouses Conference in Hawaii . Honored to be the keynote speaker…
... much more work to do but as @ POTUS has said to PR & amp ; VI : We are with you , we will stay with you , and we will come back stronger than ever .
... 51 of 69 hospitals taking patients , half of grocery/big box stores now open,11 major highways cleared & amp ; over 60 % of fuel stations open ...
With leadership of @ POTUS & amp ; @ ricardorossello - @ FEMA & amp ; Team Puerto Rico making real progress . Millions more meals & amp ; water delivered today ...
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this te…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that # FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT jo…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The Governor of Puerto Rico , Ricardo Rossello , is a great guy and leader who is really working hard . Thank you Ricky !
. @ POTUS is focused on what those w/ family , friends & amp ; heritage in PR want-resources & amp ; support to rebuild Puerto Rico https : //t.co/i7OCGRQtkB
RT @ SecondLady : Visited the USS Arizona Memorial at Pearl Harbor to pay a debt of gratitude to those that made the ultimate sacrifice . http…
Update on progress from @ ricardorossello & amp ; Gov . Mapp . @ POTUS & amp ; I grateful for leadership of these governors & amp ; the work of first responders https : //t.co/XJK1iRl32q
. @ POTUS sent me to @ FEMA today for briefing on progress in Puerto Rico & amp ; VI . Proud of our team and all first responders across PR & amp ; VI . https : //t.co/BgpaeYXG3G
RT @ WhiteHouse : Join us as President Trump delivers the Weekly Address . https : //t.co/JgmavYbxCI
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania . Will hopefully be able to stop at the U.S. Virgin Islands ( peo…
. @ ricardorossello , as @ POTUS said : `` We are with you , we will stay with you , and we will come back stronger than ever . '' https : //t.co/cyjd88CrP7
On this holiest of Jewish days , may our Jewish friends be granted a Yom Kippur of atonement , forgiveness & amp ; inscription in the Book of Life . https : //t.co/MEOlBNEhFa
On this holiest of Jewish days , may our Jewish friends be granted a Yom Kippur of atonement , forgiveness & amp ; inscription in the Book of Life . https : //t.co/checCUX7cX
At request of @ POTUS , called @ ricardorossello to ensure we 're doing all we can to back his recovery efforts . He & amp ; PR are strong & amp ; resilient .
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` We are with you , we will stay with you , and we will come back stronger than ever . '' https : //t.co/BFoIldWpt5
RT @ fema : After # Maria , helicopters are helping get needed supplies ( like food , water , & amp ; fuel ) into hard to reach areas of Puerto Rico . [ 📷 : …
. @ POTUS has laid out our plan for the largest tax cut in U.S history that will once again put the U.S people , U.S workers , & amp ; America first . https : //t.co/cfnCYWd8Se
On @ POTUS ' behalf , welcomed Kosovo Pres @ HashimThaciRKS to @ WhiteHouse to express U.S support for a sovereign , democratic , prosperous Kosovo https : //t.co/lwpEG6fRVO
Talked w/ @ FoxNews ' @ KristinFisher in Michigan about @ POTUS ' pro-worker tax cuts & amp ; plans to grow our economy : https : //t.co/dPiUt0aXNc
Find out how you can help US Virgin Islands & amp ; Puerto Rico by visiting official website for nat'l volunteer efforts : https : //t.co/JrXydHrrwn https : //t.co/XfMaxgMD2K
The hard working people of MI & amp ; WI deserve @ POTUS ' pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , pro-family , pro-American tax cuts . https : //t.co/4z3Z0MsQG1
. @ GovWalker is doing a great job & amp ; he joined me today to discuss @ POTUS ' pro-growth , pro-worker tax reforms w/ hard working WI residents . https : //t.co/wgN2NbZT8q
. @ POTUS ' tax plan will empower U.S companies & amp ; workers who know that tax cuts mean more jobs . Tax cuts mean higher wages . https : //t.co/xunimbmAsZ
In Michigan earlier , I talked w/ small biz about @ POTUS ' pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , pro-family tax reforms . https : //t.co/Lg612lQU9I
Inspiring to see my friend @ SteveScalise back in the House . https : //t.co/Fgfxw0ymbl
Landed in WI & amp ; met a member of @ usairforce who leaves tomorrow to help w/ recovery efforts in Puerto Rico . Thanks for your service . # VPinWI https : //t.co/F9KXkDWwPU
Michigan , call your Congressmen , call both your senators , especially @ SenStabenow & amp ; tell them MI needs a tax cut & amp ; MI needs it now # VPinMI https : //t.co/vYiDJ8rgwc
As Michigan knows , when the field is level , American workers always win . # VPInMI https : //t.co/5b9JKc94ds
. @ POTUS ' tax-cut plan will empower American companies & amp ; workers to compete on a level playing field w/ anyone , anywhere , at any time # VPinMI https : //t.co/1NO9nnjJqK
W/ the leadership of @ POTUS & amp ; working w/ Congress , we will cut taxes across the board for working families , small biz & amp ; family farms # VPinMI https : //t.co/Z4HklXMdna
. @ POTUS has signed more laws to slash thru red tape than any POTUS in US history , saving biz like @ AmericanAxle up to $ 18B a year # VPinMI https : //t.co/2QiywBhz3N
Joined @ onetoughnerd to meet w/ Michigan small biz in Auburn Hills about how @ POTUS ' tax plan could help them grow & amp ; create jobs # VPinMI https : //t.co/JhlniPdPna
TUNE IN ! Discussing @ POTUS ' pro-growth tax plan with the hard working people of Michigan : https : //t.co/LG6rhJ7zoW # VPinMI https : //t.co/BmryHLDLED
RT @ SecondLady : Looking forward to learning more about the # ArtTherapy program that 's helping veterans . https : //t.co/RSBcB01CTe
LISTEN LIVE ! Discussing @ POTUS ' tax reform priorities for the working families of MI & amp ; the U.S w/ @ PaulWJR on @ wjrradio . # VPinMI
RT @ realDonaldTrump : This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME . We will ALL succeed & amp ; grow TOGETHER – as one team , one people , & amp ; one Ameri…
Great remarks by @ POTUS - looking forward to talking with hard working Michiganders tomorrow about the President 's tax reform agenda . https : //t.co/KcbFu9NRX8
RT @ WhiteHouse : Four principles for tax reform that will guide the process ⬇️ https : //t.co/X3crjhnTnz
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just arrived in Indianapolis , Indiana to make an announcement on # TaxReform ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GR…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Sign your name to stand with President Trump and support action on our broken tax system today : https : //t.co/QRdzmR5FeY htt…
Tomorrow I 'll deliver remarks on @ POTUS ' tax reform message at @ AmericanAxle in Auburn Hills . Follow along using the hashtag # VPinMI
Bringing @ POTUS ’ pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , pro-family , pro-American tax reform message to hard working families of Michigan . # VPinMI https : //t.co/w4vhLNTjhg
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump is proposing commonsense reforms so Americans spend less time and money filing their taxes . More : https : //t…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : America 's hearts & amp ; prayers are with the people of # PuertoRico & amp ; the # USVI . We will get through this - and we will get…
Met w/ @ RepJenniffer & amp ; Sen @ marcorubio to discuss PR recovery , including additional aid @ POTUS made available today : https : //t.co/UfMwx2dZey https : //t.co/Xxe4fxdDj6
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ VP swears in US Ambassador to Canada Kelly Knight Craft : https : //t.co/tgvUwBnBRa https : //t.co/Ll7Ngn60my
RT @ Scavino45 : POTUS ' @ realDonaldTrump , @ VP , @ TomBossert45 , @ FEMA_Brock & amp ; @ DHSgov Elaine Duke w/ Puerto Rico Gov @ RicardoRossello via Sit R…
... @ MickMulvaneyOMB , Nat'l Sec . Adv . McMaster , @ ODNIgov Dir . Coats , @ NASA Adm. Lightfoot , Dep . CTO of U.S Kratsios & amp ; General Paul J. Selva
1st Space Council meeting includes : @ StateDept Sec Tillerson , # SecDef Mattis , @ SecretaryRoss , @ SecElaineChao , @ DHSgov Sec . Duke ...
At @ POTUS ' direction , the Nat'l Space Council will hold first meeting with all aspects of space enterprise for 1st time in a quarter century https : //t.co/3YBiNUTV6l
Joined @ POTUS to discuss tax reform . As he said , `` We will cut taxes ... for the middle class & amp ; lower tax rates for biz to create more jobs . '' https : //t.co/5H3qR8Schj
Talked with @ 840WHAS Kentucky about what Obamacare means for KY : 80K Kentuckians paid the mandate penalties instead of paying for insurance . https : //t.co/qLn0eJrpEH
Obamacare will continue to implode & amp ; be a hardship on families . @ POTUS & amp ; I are determined to give U.S people a fresh start on healthcare https : //t.co/SyRmZ7nb4Q
Told @ WVLK in Kentucky about how Obamacare has failed . It 's failed the people of Kentucky ; it 's failed the people of America . https : //t.co/EEFEIZBRaU
LISTEN LIVE ! Next I 'm discussing how the # GrahamCassidy bill will be a win for the people of Maine & amp ; the American people w/ @ WGANMorningNews
TUNE IN ! I 'm talking w/ @ 840WHAS & amp ; @ WVLK in Kentucky about why the people of KY & amp ; U.S need # GrahamCassidy . We can do better than Obamacare .
Saw firsthand today at @ NASA why @ POTUS ' strong commitment to STEM ed is so important to future of our security & amp ; economy . https : //t.co/lB1yvuJisW
Proud to deliver message from @ POTUS to our 3 courageous astronauts aboard the @ Space_Station . We admire and appreciate your service # VPinAL https : //t.co/1cBLODEPBz
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP Pence speaking with the astronauts ( 3 US military veterans ) aboard the @ Space_Station from command center at @ NASA_Marsh…
RT @ Space_Station : . @ VP Mike Pence visits @ NASA_Marshall and makes `` most long distance call '' he 's ever made to @ NASA_astronauts in space . # …
Speaking w/ astronauts- all mil veterans- on @ Space_Station , the 1st @ WhiteHouse-level call to the station from @ NASA_Marshall . # VPinAL https : //t.co/VGODFaIzTL
En route to @ NASA_Marshall w/ @ Robert_Aderholt , Natl Space Council ED Scott Pace & amp ; policy dir . Daris Meeks to discuss space program . # VPinAL https : //t.co/ugx3MaUGdt
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP departing for Huntsville , AL to meet w/ top @ NASA officials . Focus on future of space - vital for nat'l security & amp ; US ec…
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyable visit at the National Museum of Health and Medicine . Viewed artwork by military service members who participate i…
# GrahamCassidy repeals & amp ; replaces Obamacare & amp ; repeals the mandates that resulted in 80,000 Kentucky residents paying penalties to fed gov't . https : //t.co/XgZ7QBfWyN
Talked w/ @ wave3news in Kentucky about # GrahamCassidy , a true repeal & amp ; replace bill that keeps the promise every GOP Senator has made . https : //t.co/ImDfNP1kem
TUNE IN ! Talking w/ @ Ch2KTUU in AK & amp ; @ wave3news in KY about # GrahamCassidy , the right bill at the right time to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare .
Heading to Alabama later this afternoon to visit @ NASA_Marshall , meet @ NASA employees & amp ; tour the center . Follow along using # VPinAL . https : //t.co/IoUI6Tvy4T
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Making America Safe is my number one priority . We will not admit those into our country we can not safely vet .
https : //…
Under @ POTUS , we ’ ll simplify the tax code , cut tax rates on working families & amp ; make the tax code flatter & amp ; fairer for every American . https : //t.co/qr9h79DRnc
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Very proud of our incredible First Lady ( @ FLOTUS . ) She is a truly great representative for our country ! https : //t.co/y…
WATCH @ POTUS ' weekly address where he discusses pursuing tax cuts and reform that create jobs in America , for American workers . https : //t.co/CbItScARLJ
On Th . talked w/ @ KFQD Anchorage . As @ POTUS notes , we discussed AK premiums increased by 203 % . Full interview here : https : //t.co/lDsfDgh717
In this week 's address , @ POTUS made clear : `` We have an ... opportunity to reform our tax code & amp ; pave the way to unprecedented prosperity . '' https : //t.co/CbItScARLJ
Enjoyed being home in Indiana & amp ; talking w/ Hoosiers about @ POTUS ' agenda of tax reform & amp ; repealing and replacing Obamacare . # VPinIN https : //t.co/H6k2Q1aBP9
In Indiana today , on @ POTUS ' behalf , I told @ SenDonnelly that we need him on tax reform . Hardworking Hoosiers need this tax cut . https : //t.co/CI8rA2i0BM
Under @ POTUS , we ’ re going to put more money in U.S people ’ s pockets . POTUS will sign a tax cut to once again put US workers & amp ; US economy 1st https : //t.co/19iyd1loSH
. @ POTUS Trump and I firmly believe the # GrahamCassidy bill is the right bill at the right time to repeal and replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/W3daqR4kao
We can not in good conscience abandon this cause . The U.S. people are hurting . A vote against # GrahamCassidy is a vote to save ObamaCare . https : //t.co/niMdjkOTnt
Indiana knows the truth : A tax cut means more jobs . A tax cut means higher wages for our families . # VPinIN https : //t.co/O06abQiEWq
We 're going to put more money in the U.S people 's pockets . We 're going to put our job creators back on the road to success . # VPinIN https : //t.co/RWrRjWci2Z
U.S biz are falling behind competitors & amp ; our tax code is to blame . It makes it harder for companies to hire , give raises , and invest # VPinIN
At Pittt Barbecue & amp ; Grill , I met families from IN who told me about problems w/ their taxes & amp ; how 'd they 'd benefit from tax reform . # VPinIN https : //t.co/uhRSKh1IeH
W/ strong leadership of @ POTUS ... we 're going to cut taxes across the board for working families , small businesses , and family farms . # VPinIN
Repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare & amp ; give U.S a health-care system on personal responsibility , free-market competition & amp ; state-based reform # VPinIN https : //t.co/77F5AkyvUh
The Republican majority in Congress was not elected to save ObamaCare . They were elected to repeal & amp ; replace it . # VPinIN
The opposition is forming up . Some have gone so far as to announce opposition already . But @ POTUS & amp ; I are undeterred # VPinIN
# GrahamCassidy will give Indiana even more freedom & amp ; flexibility & amp ; build the best possible health-insurance system . # VPinIN https : //t.co/tQG2NGq3pY
. @ POTUS Trump and I firmly believe the # GrahamCassidy bill is the right bill at the right time to repeal and replace ObamaCare . # VPinIN https : //t.co/kE0VN8NAaH
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking in Anderson , IN w/ families & amp ; biz leaders re : need for tax reform & amp ; # GrahamCassidy : https : //t.co/EbHZj4VmL1 # VPinIN https : //t.co/1rBHdtit0c
Thanks to Hoosier families for welcoming me home to IN - looking forward to talking tax reform . Watch live https : //t.co/EbHZj4VmL1 # VPinIN https : //t.co/tU65YA6PWo
RT @ VPPressSec : At Pittt BBQ , @ VP Pence discusses tax reform w/ Hoosier families & amp ; sm biz owners . @ POTUS wants middle-class tax cuts and to…
Talking about much needed tax reform and health care reform w/ Hoosiers at Pittt Barbeque & amp ; Grill in Anderson , Indiana . # VPinIN https : //t.co/ikHAp2BVhp
Karen & amp ; I are in Indiana to meet families & amp ; biz leaders about # GrahamCassidy & amp ; tax reform . Watch my remarks : https : //t.co/EbHZj4VmL1 # VPinIN
The U.S people know Obamacare has failed - you 've seen premiums rise in Maine by 55 % . The U.S people know we can do better . # GrahamCassidy https : //t.co/jQTNM0lxvB
Grateful that @ Governor_LePage & amp ; people across Maine are supporting the new # GrahamCassidy bill to repeal/replace Obamacare . Full video here https : //t.co/I0j4DAFJnu
The real solution to failed policies of Obamacare is empower every state w/ the resources & amp ; flexibility to craft solutions . # GrahamCassidy https : //t.co/miHyXJFXX9
Thanks @ Governor_LePage ! @ POTUS & amp ; I appreciate support for Graham-Cassidy . Repeal & amp ; Replace Obamacare = big for America . Big win for Maine ! https : //t.co/e1FiNKdzlI
Welcomed @ Governor_LePage to the @ WhiteHouse to discuss health care . As he said on # GrahamCassidy : `` Maine benefits ... Maine comes out ahead . '' https : //t.co/0hH7dfuCDN
Discussed # GrahamCassidy w/ @ 650keni & amp ; said if people agree with @ POTUS that Obamacare has failed now 's the time to let elected reps hear it https : //t.co/4UUaQVq6Qe
Talked to @ DaveStierenShow . As I said # GrahamCassidy will let states craft healthcare solutions that lower cost of insurance & amp ; expand access https : //t.co/6xZccoR6e7
Heading to Indiana tomorrow to meet w/ biz leaders & amp ; families to discuss need for tax reform & amp ; the # GrahamCassidy health care bill . # VPinIN https : //t.co/ZYjcOgWPSy
RT @ Scavino45 : President Trump holds bilateral w/ Prime Minister Shinzō Abe of Japan , after a trilateral luncheon with South Korea & amp ; Presid…
TUNE IN ! Talking w/ @ KFQD & amp ; @ 650keni in Anchorage , Alaska about # GrahamCassidy ⤵️

📻 https : //t.co/s2XjGcd3Ws
📻 https : //t.co/ME8BfMCCuL
RT @ Scavino45 : Trilateral Luncheon # UNGA
# USA🇺🇸
# Japan🇯🇵
# SouthKorea🇰🇷 https : //t.co/RGnBOnmT78
Attended lunch w/ SK Pres Moon , Japan PM Abe & amp ; @ POTUS , who said : `` NK 's nuclear weapons & amp ; missile development is a threat to peace/security '' https : //t.co/jLbKFkrLNZ
Obamacare is imploding & amp ; it 's collapsing all across the country . The average American has seen the cost of their insurance go up by $ 3,000 . https : //t.co/m2LLDiQO1V
Talked to @ foxandfriends this morning about how the American people are struggling under the weight of Obamacare . https : //t.co/uHa8mqL10D
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea .
Stay tuned ! 🇺🇸🇰🇷 # UNGA https : //t.co/7xYDO5ddUm
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning ! # USAatUNGA # UNGA https : //t.co/HO…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today . # UNGA
🎥https : //t.co/UKO…
Spoke w/ @ FOXandFriends about # GrahamCassidy , which will allow states to innovate & amp ; create better quality healthcare https : //t.co/OtGKSjIUIf
Discussed with @ CBSThisMorning how # GrahamCassidy bill moves power out of Washington D.C and empowers the states . https : //t.co/eC9WpSUFEE
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm talking w/ @ foxandfriends this morning in New York about # UNGA , # HurricaneMaria & amp ; # GrahamCassidy before more meetings at @ UN https : //t.co/2iRA8Ulcp3
WATCH LIVE ! Interviewing with @ CBSThisMorning in New York & amp ; then joining @ POTUS at @ UN headquarters for additional meetings . https : //t.co/PvW5NeZ209
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` We must work together & amp ; confront together those who threaten us with chaos , turmoil , & amp ; terror . '' https : //t.co/dsyFvLoihi # U…
Let us all approach this Jewish New Year with unity , solidarity & amp ; a renewed strength of purpose . May God bless the Jewish people . https : //t.co/GiQS8BggmL
Keeping the peace requires more than peacekeeping . It requires action , courage , & amp ; conviction & amp ; so the @ UN must be prepared to do more . # UNGA
The U.S renews our call on Burma 's security forces to end violence immediately & amp ; support diplomatic efforts for a long-term solution # UNGA
We call on this body to immediately reform the membership and practices of the Human Rights Council . # UNGA https : //t.co/JJoON8ux4H
Venezuela is a dictatorship that undermines democracy & amp ; worsens poverty and deprivation that costs the lives of men , women & amp ; children # UNGA
The @ UN Human Rights Council attracts & amp ; welcomes many of the worst human rights violators in the world . # UNGA https : //t.co/HIj4WyAQ4X
The U.S will continue to bring the full range of American power to bear on the regime in Pyongyang . # UNGA https : //t.co/0tQaNEvado
I urge the @ UN to analyze all peacekeeping operations in light of these principles so these missions most effectively advance peace . # UNGA https : //t.co/LtfkV5gDTZ
. @ POTUS Trump & amp ; I firmly believe that the U.N. must act to make its peacekeeping operations more efficient , effective & amp ; accountable . # UNGA https : //t.co/zTNqKNg8UC
WATCH LIVE : I 'm speaking to the @ UN Security Council on reforms to UN peacekeeping - & gt ; https : //t.co/6nSl2GaK0Y # UNGA https : //t.co/4uUboPbs4d
Arriving at @ UN headquarters & amp ; will give remarks soon to UN Security Council on reforms to UN peacekeeping : https : //t.co/6nSl2GaK0Y # UNGA https : //t.co/gtQi8TxMLh
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal & amp ; Replace ObamaCare . Money…
Speaking to @ UN Sec . Council on reforms to UN peacekeeping & amp ; attending meetings w/ foreign leaders & amp ; @ POTUS today : https : //t.co/DHoRIBtoqi
Spoke to @ RepJenniffer , resident commissioner of Puerto Rico , tonight . As @ POTUS said `` our hearts are with you- will be there to help . ''
Went to the Senate today to say @ POTUS & amp ; I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare . Let 's get this done . https : //t.co/0WaSRAu7eg
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane . Be careful , our hearts are with you- will be there to help !
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The true question for the @ UN ...
🎥https : //t.co/tx5SnACAaS
RT @ SecondLady : # ArtTherapy is changing lives at @ Mercy_First in New York . It 's not arts & amp ; crafts ! Art therapy is a mental health professio…
RT @ RepSeanDuffy : Great to hear @ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump taking a clear-eyed stand against communism during this @ UN speech .
RT @ AmbJohnBolton : . @ realDonaldTrump ’ s # UNGA speech was his best yet as President . He was clear & amp ; direct in his criticisms of # NorthKorea & amp ; …
Met w/ Pakistani PM Abbasi at @ UN . Reiterated @ POTUS ' belief that `` Pakistan has much to gain from partnering with our effort '' in the region . https : //t.co/kTEiSyrZp8
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations .
# USAatUNGA🇺🇸 # UNGA
https : /…
RT @ FLOTUS : Thinking of those in # Mexico affected by today 's # earthquake .
Was joined by @ SeemaCMS for Senate policy discussion at Capitol about the need to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare . Back in NY now for # UNGA . https : //t.co/uo67gJB7FQ
Our hearts are with the people of Mexico City . We 're thinking of you and , as @ POTUS said , we are with you . https : //t.co/0Yt1YwbQAZ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : As President of the United States of America , I will ALWAYS put # AmericaFirst🇺🇸 # UNGA
Full remarks : https : //t.co/ksaMsQ…
. @ POTUS asked me to return to DC for the Senate policy lunch w/ @ LindseyGrahamSC to urge Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/ICST8FFQfY
RT @ netanyahu : In over 30 years in my experience with the UN , I never heard a bolder or more courageous speech .
RT @ SecondLady : MercyFirst in New York is doing great work to help children heal from trauma . Enjoyed learning about their art therapy prog…
Met with EU High Rep/VP @ FedericaMog at @ UN on coordinating next steps on Iran , DPRK , Western Balkans , & amp ; addressing shared challenges . https : //t.co/UwkvOzBIaJ
RT @ StateDept : . @ POTUS to # UNGA : This is our hope for the diverse nations of the world . We want harmony and friendship , not conflict and st…
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` If we are to embrace the opportunity of the future ... together there can be no substitute for strong , sovereign , independen…
RT @ Scavino45 : `` As President of the United States , I will always put # AmericaFirst . ''
@ POTUS @ realDonaldTrump
# USAatUNGA🇺🇸 # UNGA https : //t.…
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` We will fight together , sacrifice together , and stand together—for peace . '' # UNGA https : //t.co/sIjB3PSOfg https : //t.co/FUEt…
Meeting w/ EU High Rep/VP @ FedericaMog at @ UN . @ POTUS giving address soon . I 'll travel to DC for Senate policy discussion & amp ; then back to UN . https : //t.co/ySPoOcs8yC
Honored to join @ POTUS at important meeting w/ Latin American leaders to discuss ongoing efforts to restore democracy in Venezuela . https : //t.co/NNl4dJIQGU
On the way to meet @ POTUS Trump in NY for the 72nd @ UN General Assembly & amp ; help him change `` business as usual , '' as he said today . # UNGA https : //t.co/iCmAACFZ2a
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed hosting the kickoff breakfast at the VP Residence for the attendees of the Creative Forces Clinical Research Summit…
Welcomed honor flight veterans from IN to the @ WhiteHouse & amp ; thanked them for their selfless defense of our freedom . https : //t.co/9FBZQP6PzL
Good to see @ dougducey supporting the # GrahamCassidy plan . As he said , it 's time to get the job done . https : //t.co/9SFqshoS0i
The U.S people stand w/ you . Our Armed Forces , past & amp ; present , will never have a better friend in the Oval Office than @ POTUS . https : //t.co/xMbHQvbbek
As the @ POTUS has said , `` We will not rest until all of America 's great veterans can receive the care they so richly deserve . ''
. @ POTUS Trump has fought tirelessly to empower veterans to get the care you earned with your service and sacrifice . https : //t.co/NxN0Bk1ngm
On behalf of @ POTUS Trump & amp ; the American people , thank you for your service & amp ; your selfless defense of our families and our freedom . https : //t.co/1N191s5nxZ
WATCH LIVE ! @ SecShulkin & amp ; I are hosting honor flight veterans from Indiana at the @ WhiteHouse : https : //t.co/ldgEUSGAfi https : //t.co/KoHPCZCd23
Happy 70th birthday to the @ usairforce . Thank you to the brave men & amp ; women who are serving & amp ; helping to keep the U.S. people safe . # AFBDay https : //t.co/jo0fZEF2bf
. @ POTUS said on this Constitution Day let 's `` recommit ourselves to our Founding Principles & amp ; rededicate ourselves to our glorious heritage . '' https : //t.co/tqDEH4ChZf
RT @ Scavino45 : `` Our air superiority is unquestioned not merely b/c we have the best equipment-but because we have the best people . '' @ POTUS…
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump : You patrol the sky , protect the homeland , and deliver American justice to anyone who dares to threaten our…
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you @ JBA_NAFW for allowing me to spend time w the kids at your youth center ! Fun & amp ; smart kids w very good questions . http…
Important information from @ FEMA for those impacted by Hurricane Irma . https : //t.co/ICgQONXFXT
In this week 's address , @ POTUS begins `` by continuing to send our prayers to all of those affected by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma . '' https : //t.co/tqDEH4ChZf
RT @ realDonaldTrump : HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @ USAirForce ! The American people are eternally grateful . Thank you for keeping America PROU…
Karen and I offer our prayers to the people of London . As @ POTUS said , `` America and our allies will never be intimidated . '' https : //t.co/ElLnODNOPj
Big thanks to @ VPPressSec for doing a great job for @ POTUS & amp ; our team . He might be leaving WH but I know we 'll see him all the time on TV ! https : //t.co/Pjywht5V2P
. @ POTUS ' proclamation : `` On Nat'l POW/MIA Recognition Day , our Nation recognizes all US prisoners of war & amp ; service members missing in action '' https : //t.co/oOanHHPE1Y
. @ POTUS proclaimed today thru 10/15 as Nat'l Hispanic Heritage Month , a time to recognize the countless contributions of Hispanic Americans . https : //t.co/tsm2ESKy1H
Met w/ @ nikkihaley to discuss the @ UN General Assembly . I 'll be addressing reforms needed to the Human Rights Council & amp ; UN Security Council . https : //t.co/SMo8xWirXu
Under @ POTUS we remain vigilant against terrorism . As he said , we must deal w/ terror in tougher manner , be proactive & amp ; cut off recruitment .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : FLORIDA-
Just like TX , WE are w/you today , we are w/you tomorrow , & amp ; we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to RESTOR…
. @ POTUS made it clear today : `` We are with you Florida . And we will be with you until Florida rebuilds bigger & amp ; better than ever before . '' https : //t.co/vo9DVr3pY4
RT @ realDonaldTrump : WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA !

Emergency Information
1-800-342-3557
https : //t.co/zbWkR5VmDp

Volunteer
1-800-FL-HELP-1
ht…
Spoke in Naples w/ those impacted by Irma & amp ; volunteers & amp ; thanked all helping . As @ POTUS has said , there is still `` much more work to do . '' https : //t.co/CL5ehdZqMT
As @ POTUS has said , we are with you today , tomorrow , and we will be with you until Florida rebuilds bigger and better than ever before . https : //t.co/LQEotUmLYp
. @ POTUS ' directive over this past weekend was very clear - wherever Irma went , we were going to be there first . https : //t.co/ZxlMpNv8gL
On the way to Florida & amp ; will meet up with @ POTUS , @ FLOTUS , @ FLGovScott , @ SenBillNelson , & amp ; @ marcorubio . Our message to FL - we are with you https : //t.co/IKb0nuP3q5
. @ POTUS , @ FLOTUS & amp ; I are traveling to FL today . For those impacted by the storm- register online for fed assistance : https : //t.co/SFKfGOMaCI https : //t.co/dXuVznxPky
Briefed by Dir . Dan Coats & amp ; Dir . Robert Cardillo earlier @ Nat'l Geospatial-Intelligence Agency & amp ; met w/ hardworking staff serving US people https : //t.co/1KqrCV087i
I join @ POTUS in applauding @ LindseyGrahamSC , @ BillCassidy , @ SenDeanHeller & amp ; @ SenRonJohnson for their work to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare
As @ POTUS said , `` Inaction is not an option & amp ; I sincerely hope that Sens . Graham & amp ; Cassidy have found a way to address the Obamacare crisis . '' https : //t.co/0taxc2zdiK
RT @ FLOTUS : My concern continues for all impacted by the hurricanes.Will fly to # Florida on Thursday w @ potus to survey the damages from # H…
Karen & amp ; I will travel to Florida with @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS to meet those helping with Hurricane Irma recovery efforts . We are with you all ! https : //t.co/9J5GHPJ1hM
Tax reform meetings on Hill earlier w/ @ SpeakerRyan & amp ; @ SenateMajLdr . As @ POTUS said we need a plan that 'll deliver more jobs & amp ; lower taxes . https : //t.co/tfoiHF1gKg
PM Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia met with @ POTUS & amp ; our team at the @ WhiteHouse to discuss trade , nat'l security & amp ; America 's partnership https : //t.co/iyJ9ZuISxQ
Karen & amp ; I wish Eric & amp ; Lara congratulations on the birth of their new son . https : //t.co/o6nO0H2opy
RT @ WhiteHouse : Continued Support for Hurricane Relief : https : //t.co/zt1bWTmEW4
RT @ TomBossert45 : @ POTUS & amp ; @ VP appreciate @ SenTomCotton for his strong leadership on foreign intelligence authorities . Terrorists do n't sun…
RT @ FLGovScott : By yesterday afternoon , every interstate and turnpike was open for Floridians . Continue to listen to local officials on whe…
If you can help w/ # Harvey & amp ; # Irma efforts visit https : //t.co/5XVrtikc1N to find orgs helping w/ the recovery . Thanks to all volunteering . https : //t.co/SoaaUZXJP1
Our prayers today remain also w/ TX , LA , FL & amp ; the whole region . As @ POTUS has made clear , we are w/ you all to restore , recover & amp ; rebuild . https : //t.co/wMvKulv05r
To the families , as @ POTUS Trump said , the memory of your loved ones will never die . We will forever be inspired by the deeds of Flight 93. https : //t.co/Nj6KAFt9uc
As @ POTUS promised , the memory of those who passed on 9/11 will always be w/ us . Watch full remarks from Shanksville https : //t.co/tmHdhE3xTi
. @ POTUS asked Karen & amp ; me to be in Shanksville today to pay a debt of honor to the heroes of Flight 93 & amp ; their families . Never forget 9-11. https : //t.co/0qkJTLb6AI
RT @ realDonaldTrump : May God Forever Bless the United States of America . # NeverForget911 https : //t.co/erycJgj23r
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # NeverForget https : //t.co/rmQ1a5bDon
RT @ SecondLady : Traveled to Stoystown , PA to pay a debt of honor & amp ; gratitude to the courageous men & amp ; women on Flight 93 . I will always reme…
As @ POTUS stated : `` We will never forget . The events of Sept. 11 did not defeat us . They did not rattle us . They instead have rallied us . '' https : //t.co/QEsK2aRavd
I will always believe I & amp ; many others in D.C were able to go home on 9/11 & amp ; hug our families b/c of the courage & amp ; selflessness of Flight 93. https : //t.co/B9HcWcV2O9
A day of tragedy became a triumph of freedom as our nation rallied together & amp ; charged forward to meet the enemy on our terms , on their soil . https : //t.co/JBo7qMBlmZ
Today we pause as a nation not so much to remember tragedy , as to celebrate heroism and patriotism . https : //t.co/qVlIuXpt42
RT @ FLOTUS : Remembering September 11 , 2001 # NeverForget https : //t.co/5mrRa23054
I 'm here on behalf of our @ POTUS & amp ; all the American people to pay a debt of honor - a debt of honor to the heroes of Flight 93. https : //t.co/tECS4piciG
We fight because our fallen heroes demand justice - and so long as we have strength , we will honor their memories . https : //t.co/RRMbxP56gh
These men & amp ; women turned what was a day of tragedy into a triumph of freedom . https : //t.co/huNYZOaCli
Every day , for 16 years , their actions have inspired many of our fellow citizens to stand up , step forward & amp ; follow in their heroic service . https : //t.co/kvlWfZRTtB
The American people will forever be inspired by their courage and resolve - and we honor them by remembering them https : //t.co/UIEux8y1M0
The men & amp ; women of Flight 93 are heroes & amp ; this memorial stands as a testament to the American people 's undying reverence for their sacrifice
. @ POTUS Donald Trump asked me to be here - to pay a debt of honor to the 40 heroes of Flight 93 , to all the fallen , and their families https : //t.co/NaW11ItQEM
RT @ FoxNews : Remembering 9/11 : @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS hold a moment of silence at the White House . https : //t.co/lewGz3p671
RT @ WhiteHouse : President Trump and the First Lady participate in a Sept 11th observance at the Pentagon : https : //t.co/cITaw50vfv https : //t…
This morning we will gather in Pennsylvania to commemorate the 16th anniversary of September 11 : https : //t.co/E8CyKihihS https : //t.co/DbyRIdyt24
16 years ago the world changed forever . Today we remember the victims , their families , & amp ; brave first responders . We will never forget 9-11. https : //t.co/hWIPyBAVRg
Those who sustained losses can begin applying for assistance by registering online at https : //t.co/SFKfGOMaCI or by calling 1-800-621-FEMA https : //t.co/pE0ckTw1ov
. @ POTUS sent me to @ FEMA to tell them & amp ; the people of FL `` wherever # HurricaneIrma goes , we will be there first to rescue , recover & amp ; rebuild ''
As @ POTUS directed our entire team , our objective is to support FL 's efforts & amp ; make sure wherever # HurricaneIrma goes , we 're there first . https : //t.co/IFeFDpSZMf
At @ POTUS ' direction , the fed gov't will be there first to help save lives & amp ; to help recover & amp ; rebuild these states & amp ; these communities . https : //t.co/tNzMMPTl5R
WATCH LIVE ! Talking with @ news6wkmg in Orlando about the latest Hurricane Irma developments ➡️ https : //t.co/KpiIe9cS6i
RT @ FLOTUS : Today 's video conference # HurricaneIrma briefing by @ Fema at Camp David .
Thank you to 1st responders ! Stay safe ! https : //t.co…
TUNE IN LIVE : Discussing Hurricane Irma updates with @ CBSMiami & amp ; @ FOX13News in Tampa ➡️

📺 https : //t.co/cpyUvmHuIQ
📺 https : //t.co/EIOu5RZtRs
RT @ Scavino45 : Hurricane force winds hit Florida Keys . 390 shelters have been opened in Florida . Shelters near you➡️https : //t.co/lL5pDP0N9D…
This Sunday morning please keep those impacted by # Irma in your hearts & amp ; prayers . @ POTUS , our team , & amp ; the American people are with you all https : //t.co/N899yxJP67
As @ POTUS said in his Cabinet meeting today our admin is monitoring the storm around the clock ... together we will restore , recover & amp ; rebuild https : //t.co/003WaXcbMU
RT @ realDonaldTrump : FLORIDA-
Visit https : //t.co/pdBaD9t8SK to find shelters , road closures , & amp ; evacuation routes . Helpful Twitter list : ht…
In this week 's address , @ POTUS discusses # HurricaneIrma : `` Nothing is more important than the safety and security of our people . '' https : //t.co/KtbwvNAZ5y
RT @ FLGovScott : Visit https : //t.co/zhBi8Db69j to find information on shelters , road closures , and evacuation routes .
Harvey placed an enormous burden on many communities in TX & amp ; LA . The bill @ POTUS signed will help those families begin recovery . https : //t.co/2sQQ1wdkEq
It is important as @ POTUS & amp ; @ TomBossert45 have said for residents to `` listen to local authorities on evacuation orders . '' Stay safe ! https : //t.co/vDm7Eq45EP
RT @ FLOTUS : If you are in or near projected path of # HurricaneIrma please listen to local law enforcement in the area . Stay safe ! ! !
. @ POTUS & amp ; I continue to monitor # HurricaneIrma updates . Visit https : //t.co/2H22XpTtPj for info & amp ; listen to advice of local/state officials https : //t.co/8UkSmA3E5T
RT @ NHC_Atlantic : Tropical storm winds are likely to arrive in the FL Keys and south FL Saturday . Preparations should be rushed to completi…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I encourage EVERYONE in the path of # HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & amp ; state officials ! https : //t…
Karen & amp ; I met w/ the Texas delegation tonight at the Vice President 's Residence . As @ POTUS said , we are w/ you & amp ; the U.S people are w/ you . https : //t.co/g7Nu1TzhDp
. @ POTUS sent me to @ FEMA & amp ; I spoke w/ @ nbc6 re : # HurricaneIrma . To residents in pathway : Take warnings of state/local officials seriously . https : //t.co/8osy0BWpRl
At @ POTUS ' direction , the full resources of the fed government will continue to flow to the communities and families of southeast Texas https : //t.co/1F4W2ckvS1
RT @ Scavino45 : President Trump briefed in Oval by @ TomBossert45 , tracking approach of # HurricaneIrma toward the coast of Florida w/ @ VP & amp ; S…
To those in the path of # HurricaneIrma- listen to state & amp ; local officials . It 's imperative we put safety of our families & amp ; neighbors first https : //t.co/XoNZEciOVz
TUNE IN ! This evening I 'm discussing recovery after Harvey & amp ; prep for Irma with @ NBC6 in South Florida & amp ; @ Fox26Houston . https : //t.co/uJ2xbCwyRK
Tax cuts will mean an economy where anything is possible and where anyone can achieve the American Dream . https : //t.co/vVG3Lroq1A
As @ POTUS made clear in North Dakota : `` We need tax reform that is pro-growth , pro-jobs , pro-worker , pro-family , and pro-American . '' https : //t.co/TgfJXBnGoW
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help . Be c…
Discussing tax cuts in ND , @ POTUS said , `` If Americans come together , if the people speak w/ 1 voice ... we will bring back the American dream '' https : //t.co/txSWrLxnWf
RT @ SecondLady : Great talk today with @ AmeriForceMags about # milfams & amp ; their importance to our country . Looking forward to reading the stor…
With the leadership of @ POTUS , we will pass historic tax cuts & amp ; deliver real economic growth that will be lasting for the American people . https : //t.co/zpcnV2hiS1
I just talked w/ Gov . @ RicardoRossello of Puerto Rico about Hurricane Irma & amp ; reaffirmed US people 's support . As @ POTUS said , we are with you https : //t.co/8IarYP2Mss
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida , Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands & amp ; Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto Ri…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Vice President Mike Pence swears-in the 20th United States Surgeon General : https : //t.co/Qnfaee42JF https : //t.co/0WoL8Rmmn7
RT @ fema : ⚡️ Hurricane Irma : Updates from official accounts

https : //t.co/Ssl5ap0Eqo
Under @ POTUS ' leadership , the time has come to cut taxes across the board for working families , small businesses , and family farms . https : //t.co/QuJdJAVmAm
. @ POTUS takes action to prepare for # HurricaneIrma & amp ; declares emergencies in Florida , Puerto Rico & amp ; U.S Virgin Islands . https : //t.co/n6FuwpbYuB
. @ POTUS wants to tackle public health challenges & amp ; has sought the most talented med pros . Now Dr. Adams will join them as surgeon general .
Dr. Adams ' intellect & amp ; experience helped improve the health & amp ; well-being of Indiana & amp ; we 're grateful he 'll serve as our new surgeon general . https : //t.co/ZE9eeQr6O0
. @ POTUS is committed to the health & amp ; well-being of the US people & amp ; we are confident Dr. Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeon general https : //t.co/F3QPheWs3m
Congrats to the new Pres . of @ opicgov – Ray Washburne . @ POTUS & amp ; I are confident w/ his experience he will help U.S biz expand & amp ; create jobs . https : //t.co/Woqa7zKJIQ
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm swearing in U.S . Surgeon General Dr. Jerome Adams ➡️ https : //t.co/Y51LQPSj8Z https : //t.co/dSWfUBsmcT
. @ POTUS : We 'll resolve DACA w/heart & amp ; compassion thru lawful Dem process while ensuring immigration reform provides benefits for US citizens
. @ POTUS said , `` Only by the reliable enforcement of immigration law can we produce safe communities , a robust middle class & amp ; econ . fairness . ''
From @ POTUS ' statement : President Obama made an end-run around Congress and violating the core tenets that sustain our Republic .
. @ POTUS : We are a nation of opportunity because we are a nation of laws . The legislative branch , not the executive branch , writes these laws
From @ POTUS : In best interests of country & amp ; keeping w/ office of POTUS obligations @ DHSgov will begin orderly transition & amp ; wind-down of DACA https : //t.co/UHXpulFSWs
RT @ WhiteHouse : We are with you , Louisiana .

For resources , visit https : //t.co/knuzomCBWt . https : //t.co/Wa4NGqIkpP
RT @ WhiteHouse : We are with you , Texas .

For resources , visit https : //t.co/knuzomCBWt . https : //t.co/8JktGJUt2o
Under @ POTUS ' leadership , the federal gov't continues to work closely with state & amp ; local officials on the recovery efforts . https : //t.co/fzoh5NZICi
Today we celebrate America 's spirit of hard work and ingenuity . To all the hardworking men and women of America , happy Labor Day ! https : //t.co/P6t2JrE331
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We are building our future with American hands , American labor , American iron , aluminum and steel . Happy # LaborDay ! ht…
In this week 's address , @ POTUS reaffirmed , `` To the people affected by Hurricane Harvey , we are with you every step of the way . '' https : //t.co/z30oDBGL9k
On this National Day of Prayer , as @ POTUS said , `` We pray for the victims & amp ; families & amp ; all of those who have been displaced from their home . '' https : //t.co/jPFqMgBxqr
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @ FLOTUS Melania right now @ JBA_NAFW . We will see you soon . America is with you ! …
RT @ realDonaldTrump : On behalf of @ FLOTUS Melania & amp ; myself , THANK YOU for today 's update & amp ; GREAT WORK ! # SouthernBaptist @ SendRelief , @ RedCr…
RT @ FLOTUS : I met w @ RedCross @ SalvationArmyUS & amp ; Southern BaptistDisasterRelief to thank them for efforts during # HurricaneHarvey & amp ; receive…
. @ POTUS proclamation : `` We invite all Americans to join us as we continue to pray ... for those who are suffering in this time of crisis . '' https : //t.co/jPFqMgBxqr
To people of TX , @ POTUS & amp ; our admin will be w/ you every day until these great communities rebuild to be better & amp ; stronger than ever before . https : //t.co/cnAluc9Izu
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are grateful for the efforts of all the volunteers helping on the ground in Texas . To volunteer , visit https : //t.co/JBiFGC1h9z https : //t.co/tGcnaSYPfT
As @ POTUS said , `` Recovery will be tough but I have seen the resilience of the American spirit firsthand ... we will endure & amp ; we will overcome '' https : //t.co/xZFoId9alx
The spirit of Texas and the people of Texas is inspiring the nation . We are going to see our way through this crisis . https : //t.co/RmyE7AF8DJ
RT @ WhiteHouse : If you were affected by # Harvey , go to https : //t.co/knuzomCBWt or call 1-800-462-7585 or 1-800-621-3362 for resources . http…
The road to recovery will be long and difficult . But as @ POTUS Trump said , we will endure & amp ; we will overcome . https : //t.co/ORUeJ79663
The U.S people will stand w/ you every day until this city , state & amp ; region rebuild bigger & amp ; better than ever before . https : //t.co/mxtQi8uMlf
. @ POTUS ' team @ SecretaryAcosta , @ SecElaineChao , @ SecretaryPerry , @ SecShulkin & amp ; Acting DHS Sec . Duke discussing # Harvey response on way to TX https : //t.co/NGTM1oTgLx
. @ POTUS asked me to travel to Texas tomorrow with his message : `` We will be with you every single day to restore , recover , and rebuild . '' https : //t.co/jQ0A9BGnPK
Thank you , WV ! Under @ POTUS , we will pass historic tax cuts & amp ; will deliver real econ growth that will be lasting for the American people . https : //t.co/OIItyZEZ6w
To @ SenCapito & amp ; especially to @ Sen_JoeManchin - @ POTUS and the people of the Mountain State are counting on you to deliver tax relief . https : //t.co/uRTETs70cR
. @ POTUS Trump 's tax-cut plan will usher in an unprecedented era of growth and prosperity for all the American people . # WVbizSum https : //t.co/Zrp9KkJC8H
Tax cuts mean more jobs . Tax cuts mean a raise for American workers . And tax cuts mean an economy where anything is possible . # WVbizSum
Our tax-cut plan will bring back our jobs , bring back our wealth , and it will bring back our dreams . # WVbizSum https : //t.co/ZUusLfa9o8
Today America 's tax code destroys our wealth , our jobs & amp ; worst of all , it destroys the enterprising spirit of the American people . # WVbizSum https : //t.co/m0MOuMaGAG
The truth is that cutting taxes is the single most important thing we can do to create jobs , raise wages , and restore prosperity . # WVbizSum https : //t.co/G2y45ly26n
Today , @ POTUS Trump proposed the single biggest tax cut in American history . # WVbizSum https : //t.co/TZyjJTY7W0
Earlier today in Missouri , @ POTUS proposed the `` American model '' - and it will empower our country to `` succeed and grow together . '' # WVBizSum https : //t.co/Mz4pZDifwr
The road to recovery in Texas & amp ; Louisiana will be long and difficult . But as @ POTUS said , `` We will endure and we will overcome . '' # WVBizSum
The good & amp ; strong people of Texas & amp ; Louisiana will come through this terrible tragedy . # WVBizSum
Before I get started , allow me to address what I know is on everyone 's hearts- the unprecedented natural disaster of # Harvey . # WVBizSum https : //t.co/xjgZWYhGFH
TUNE IN ! I 'm in West Virginia discussing the need for real tax reform with the @ WVaChamber : https : //t.co/mauuAkV8y8 # WVBizSum https : //t.co/vrs1IQHDyw
Touched down in West Virginia ! Will join business leaders & amp ; @ WVGovernor to discuss the need for a simple & amp ; fair tax code . # WVBizSum https : //t.co/DmK3y1hCJU
Leaving soon for West Virginia to discuss @ POTUS ' plan for tax cuts and tax reform at the @ WVaChamber . # WVBizSum https : //t.co/CEac1tMdN3
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Texas & amp ; Louisiana : We are w/ you today , we are w/ you tomorrow , & amp ; we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER , to restore…
RT @ fema : If you were affected by # Harvey , you can apply for assistance at https : //t.co/7iJhOtMIQP . This also helps connect you to other…
At @ POTUS ' direction all fed resources have been brought to bear to save lives & amp ; assist in the recovery & amp ; that will continue to be the case . https : //t.co/nTKg8WiPH4
RT @ FLOTUS : Thank you @ GovAbbott @ fema @ uscoastguard @ RedCross & amp ; local officials for the briefing today on # HurricaneHarvey . We are with yo…
RT @ PressSec : . @ GovAbbott briefs @ POTUS and @ FLOTUS on areas most affected by # HurricaneHarvy upon arrival at Fire Station 1. https : //t.co/…
RT @ fema : A big thank you to the Coast Guard & amp ; all those supporting Texans in need . # Harvey response is a team effort . https : //t.co/pfRyxJ2…
Looking at all of the volunteers who have been pouring forth- in many ways , in this challenging time , this could well be Texas ’ finest hour . https : //t.co/WiJpGtJkOE
The will of the American people and the resilience of the strong people of Texas is stronger than any storm . https : //t.co/TCxknvzII1
LISTEN LIVE ! Previewing @ POTUS Trump 's trip to Texas on @ 1360KKTX & amp ; @ 1200WOAI ⤵️

📻 https : //t.co/s35xyIwyHf
📻 https : //t.co/LWzMtBVzWZ https : //t.co/QmthclGUW5
As @ POTUS said today : `` We are one American family ... to the people of Texas and Louisiana : We are 100 percent with you . '' https : //t.co/Y6Xtz9Shmi
. @ POTUS made clear today , `` The single most important thing is the safety & amp ; security of those still in harm 's way including 1st responders . ''
As @ POTUS said , `` Recovery will be a long & amp ; difficult road & amp ; the federal government stands ready , willing & amp ; able to support that effort . '' https : //t.co/GBSsx6si0X
. @ POTUS sent me to @ FEMA today to thank those working hard to assist ongoing state/local response . It 's far from over- much more work to do . https : //t.co/dMC9rO5HGR
If you can help , visit https : //t.co/5XVrtikc1N to find national orgs active in the disaster . Thanks to all those volunteering . # Harvey https : //t.co/x23x7Z5U0g
RT @ RedCross : # RedCross is providing shelter , meals & amp ; comfort to people impacted by # Harvey . To find a location : https : //t.co/sizEp51qtg or…
. @ POTUS & amp ; admin . have been working w/ @ GovAbbott & amp ; w/ officials at every level to bring the full resources of the federal government to bear https : //t.co/31cmwbJrFO
Our prayers & amp ; the resources of the federal government and local and state officials are with the people of Houston . https : //t.co/MmdMitIDox
Talking w/ @ rushlimbaugh LIVE about the latest # Harvey developments : https : //t.co/QBnET1ucyD https : //t.co/AyaT4AR3th
TUNE IN ! Speaking w/ @ KHOU & amp ; @ abc13houston . @ POTUS & amp ; admin . continue to monitor updates :

📺https : //t.co/dUeufhKv3S
📺https : //t.co/tFI5ZvamjW https : //t.co/cxUpY5zcrW
TUNE IN LIVE : On @ treywareshow discussing # Harvey & amp ; encouraging residents to listen to local emergency officials : https : //t.co/dBTx34APKR https : //t.co/Jjy4Ip7FnK
TUNE IN AT 10 ! Talked w/ @ ChrisSalcedoTX about # Harvey & amp ; @ POTUS ' commitment to safety of public & amp ; first responders : https : //t.co/q3MvjjpXIr https : //t.co/qr6Wly5Agi
RT @ USCG : People in # HurricaneHarvery distress can call the following # USCG numbers :

281-464-4851
281-464-4852
281-464-4853
281-464-4854
2…
. @ POTUS urged storm survivors to continue to heed instructions of their State/local officials . Check @ TxDPS , @ TxDOT & amp ; @ GovAbbott for info . https : //t.co/j4kVDe6IMv
. @ POTUS stressed all depts & amp ; agencies stay committed to supporting Govs of Texas & amp ; Louisiana & amp ; his number one priority of saving lives . https : //t.co/mLDrczq9cc
Public safety thru heavy rain/dangerous flooding is top priority . This Sunday morning please keep those affected by # Harvey in your prayers . https : //t.co/yWa8xbbleE
RT @ NHC_Atlantic : TS # Harvey is producing catastrophic flooding in SE Texas . Nearly 20 in of rain has already been reported in the Houston…
Thanks @ RedCross & amp ; all volunteers who are helping those impacted by # HurricaneHarvey . Our prayers are with you all : https : //t.co/8Ge8F2IHB6 https : //t.co/AgJSgCBNAy
Full impact of # HurricaneHarvey still to occur w/ heavy rain/flooding . @ POTUS directed team to remain fully engaged & amp ; support TX & amp ; LA Govs . https : //t.co/bbUP4DSfSP
Our thoughts & amp ; prayers are with first responders & amp ; emergency crews working to keep the public safe . https : //t.co/mnEkMgZMyp
Make sure you have the most up-to-date information to stay safe ! https : //t.co/m7AY9aSFeV
. @ POTUS & amp ; I continue to monitor # HurricaneHarvey updates . Visit https : //t.co/2H22XpTtPj for info & amp ; listen to advice of local/state officials
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Closely monitoring # HurricaneHarvey from Camp David . We are leaving nothing to chance . City , State and Federal Govs . w…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : At the request of the Governor of Texas , I have signed the Disaster Proclamation , which unleashes the full force of go…
All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting https : //t.co/2H22XpTtPj for critical updates on # HurricaneHarvey
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected . Federal Government is on site and read…
For updates on # HurricaneHarvey follow @ TxDPS , @ NWSCorpus , & amp ; @ NHC_Atlantic . Be sure to check in w/ friends & amp ; family : https : //t.co/hphdRMNwxl
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I encourage everyone in the path of # HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice & amp ; orders of their local and state officials . h…
RT @ FEMA_Brock : We ’ re monitoring Hurricane # Harvey closely and we ’ re working around the clock to prepare and support state ’ s efforts . https…
Briefed by @ TomBossert45 on the latest # HurricaneHarvey developments . @ POTUS ' top priority is the safety of the public & amp ; first responders . https : //t.co/ahvkwN1dPM
Listen to local officials if you 're in the line of # HurricaneHarvey . Check https : //t.co/hphdRMNwxl for updates . Stay safe !
RT @ WhiteHouse : If you 're in the path of # HurricaneHarvey , stay safe and listen to directions of local officials . Check https : //t.co/fzFdQ3…
For those in the path of # HurricaneHarvey , visit https : //t.co/X6gq9p4Lgn to get important information . Be prepared and stay safe .
RT @ fema : It 's critically important to follow evacuation orders from local officials as # Harvey progresses . More info here : https : //t.co/Me…
RT @ NHC_Atlantic : Now is the time to complete preparations . Tropical-storm-force wind gust recently reported at the Corpus Christi Naval Ai…
Reports show that # HurricaneHarvey continues to strengthen . Our prayers for safety are with those in the path of the storm . https : //t.co/uSepfMLIBR
. @ POTUS action will protect the US financial system from complicity in Venezuela 's corruption and impoverishment of their people .
These measures will deny the Maduro dictatorship a critical source of financing to maintain its illegitimate rule .
. @ POTUS has taken bold action to prohibit dealings in new debt and equity issued by the government of Venezuela and its state oil company .
As I said in Latin America last week & amp ; Wed. to the Venezuelan community in Miami , @ POTUS Trump & amp ; USA will not standby as Venezuela crumbles . https : //t.co/2kZtAz1ZDB
As @ POTUS said we will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles . The birthright of the Venezuelan people has always been & amp ; will always be libertad https : //t.co/VyRvdbnKZl
For those in the path of # HurricaneHarvey , please stay safe and check with @ NWSNHC for important updates . https : //t.co/iqbYy4Wa3S
. @ POTUS & amp ; I will continue the fight for Venezuela 's liberty & amp ; I believe Venezuela will once again be free : https : //t.co/KXviMNjlGq # VPinFL https : //t.co/BZUcgouNRm
⚡️ Yesterday I told Venezuelan families that under @ POTUS the U.S will not stand by as Venezuelan crumbles : https : //t.co/TTQcg223EX # VPinFL
Our resolve is unwavering ; our conviction is clear . Working together , we will achieve a peaceable solution to the Venezuelan crisis # VPinFL https : //t.co/igwnCyVTIG
Earlier w/ @ FLGovScott , Sen. @ marcorubio & amp ; Cong . @ MarioDB in Florida , we heard from Venezuelans about the tragic crisis in Venezuela # VPinFL https : //t.co/eydWVekW5i
In Florida earlier I briefed leaders of @ southcomwatch on my visit to Latin America & amp ; met courageous Americans defending our nation . # VPinFL https : //t.co/9TlZdmOyPm
The collapse of Venezuela will endanger all who call the Western Hemisphere home . We can not & amp ; will not let that happen . # VPinFL https : //t.co/PHQw8GfOQj
I spoke w/ Venezuelans who 've either suffered themselves or seen families suffer b/c of the Maduro regime . # VPinFL https : //t.co/x1hkytyPU2
As @ POTUS Trump has said , a `` stable and peaceful Venezuela is in the best interest of the entire hemisphere . '' # VPinFL https : //t.co/S0nMAJYhMp
The U.S will continue to bring the full measure of U.S. economic & amp ; diplomatic power to bear until democracy is restored in Venezuela # VPinFL https : //t.co/PJTEt3W3tq
The Venezuelan people are suffering but as I told those I met w/ today , under @ POTUS Trump , we hear you and we stand with you . # VPinFL
The Venezuelan people have been brought to this point by the brutality and barbarism of the Maduro regime . # VPinFL https : //t.co/tbnS5uzTIb
This is not the fate the Venezuelan people have chosen . No free people has ever chosen to walk the path from prosperity to poverty . # VPinFL
In Cartagena , Colombia , my wife and I met with brave Venezuelans who had fled the horrors of their homeland . # VPinFL https : //t.co/Xog50QFqtu
Venezuela has gone in the opposite direction - toward dictatorship , not democracy , toward oppression , not freedom . # VPinFL https : //t.co/XHQHcKjxl6
Working with our allies in the Latin American region , the U.S. will confront and overcome all who dare threaten our well-being . # VPinFL https : //t.co/hWlbFRg5He
The advance of freedom and democracy in Latin America benefits the cause of freedom everywhere . # VPinFL https : //t.co/aIoW6rFeUl
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking to Venezuelan families and community leaders in Florida : https : //t.co/7YiBtrkStU # VPinFL https : //t.co/6t9p9mqnAJ
As I said during my visit to Latin America the Venezuelan people deserve freedom . In FL to discuss the Venezuelan crisis later today # VPinFL https : //t.co/1JFy5Dhfi9
Joining @ FLGovScott , Sen. @ marcorubio & amp ; Congressman @ MarioDB to hear from Venezuelan families & amp ; community leaders in Florida . # VPinFL https : //t.co/nC1Eodr5ct
RT @ WhiteHouse : What was once one of the least secured border areas in America is now one of the most secure because of investments in bord…
Our hearts & amp ; prayers go out to the families of the @ USNavy sailors on the # USSJohnSMcCain who lost their lives in service to our country . https : //t.co/7La3irFHZ2
WATCH : Earlier I talked with @ MLauer on the @ TODAYshow about @ POTUS ' South Asia strategy . https : //t.co/gQrKmRU0Du
WATCH : Talked w/ @ ainsleyearhardt about @ POTUS ' commitment to put the safety & amp ; security of the American people first https : //t.co/6UAYTngn8r
As @ POTUS Trump often says , when we 're united , there 's nothing the people of the United States of America ca n't accomplish . https : //t.co/zgxlQJ2nSi
What the American people saw last night was a Commander-in-Chief addressing the nation , our troops , and the world with American resolve . https : //t.co/yy67QwoxXt
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` When we open our hearts to patriotism there 's no room for prejudice , no place for bigotry , & amp ; no tolerance for hate '' https : …
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm on @ foxandfriends with @ ainsleyearhardt to discuss @ POTUS ' strategy for South Asia https : //t.co/nqvb1T1lGG
TUNE IN ! I 'm talking about @ POTUS ' address to the nation with @ MLauer on the @ TODAYshow . https : //t.co/q7oaTiaCg0
. @ POTUS ' strategy for South Asia will enhance the security of our homeland and protect our people from those who would do us harm . https : //t.co/E1yCb7AQ5X
Welcomed Cornerstone students to Naval Observatory to witness the wonder of our universe in motion . Fun & amp ; educational event ! # Eclipse2017 https : //t.co/gFl7W5MuJ4
RT @ NASA : It 's almost time for the # eclipse ! Here 's everything you need to know about today 's # Eclipse2017 : https : //t.co/gtRdcDjg0k https : /…
Welcoming students to the Naval Observatory this afternoon to see the # Eclipse2017 . Find out when you should look for the eclipse from @ NASA https : //t.co/CDs3ZaV4XZ
Our Armed Forces are the best of us ; heroes all . Our prayers & amp ; prayers of the U.S people are w/ our @ USNavy sailors of the # USSJohnSMcCain . https : //t.co/0xY1ci95rr
On behalf of @ POTUS I traveled to L. America & amp ; met w/ region leaders.A secure & amp ; prosperous Latin America means a more secure & amp ; prosperous US https : //t.co/ksYteVme7g
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just returned to Bedminster , NJ from Camp David . GREAT meeting on National Security , the Border and the Military ! # MAG…
Steve served @ POTUS Trump with distinction . I value his friendship and contributions . Thank you , Steve ! https : //t.co/RohO1GO70c
. @ POTUS & amp ; I stand w/ the men & amp ; women of law enforcement without apology & amp ; always will . They are heroes & amp ; our prayers are w/ @ kissimmeepolice https : //t.co/9QhhLKkA5G
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Today , I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act ( # HR873 . ) The bill authorizes ... .cont➡️https : //t.co/c3zIk…
The U.S ' bond w/ Chile is growing . I thanked @ mbachelet for strong leadership & amp ; consistent statements about the provocative N. Korean regime https : //t.co/6BwRG1g6w0
Returned last night from productive meetings w/ our Latin American partners on security & amp ; economy.Will be joining @ POTUS at Camp David today https : //t.co/YTvo09OGc0
# VPinPanama Photos : Told @ JC_Varela that @ POTUS & amp ; I are grateful Panama is in Coalition to Defeat ISIS & amp ; discussed Panama Canal 's importance https : //t.co/miLaSKx6ON
Well said @ SecretarySonny . @ POTUS & amp ; I are grateful for your strong efforts to expand & amp ; grow American agriculture 🐷🥓🇺🇸 https : //t.co/kp6Pb3ndf7
Freedom is the cord that binds the United States & amp ; Panama together . Today , we rededicate ourselves to this most cherished value # VPinPanama https : //t.co/ZIfnkgsY8F
The U.S. will continue to bring the full measure of economic & amp ; diplomatic power to bear until democracy is restored in Venezuela # VPinPanama
In the U.S , the flow of illegal drugs has poisoned our children , torn apart our families , and devastated too many communities . # VPinPanama https : //t.co/0HkN8AYdoV
Panama is on the front line in the fight to eliminate the flow of illegal drugs & amp ; dismantle transnat'l drug trafficking orgs . # VPinPanama
We call on our partners across Latin America to follow Panama ’ s example of leadership & amp ; join our global Coalition to Defeat ISIS # VPinPanama https : //t.co/g1Uatu5luW
The US w/ our allies will find & amp ; punish those responsible & amp ; drive the evil of radical Islamic terror from the face of the earth # VPinPanama
This latest attack shows us again that radical Islamic terrorism is one of the greatest threats we face today . # VPinPanama
This is a tragic day & amp ; the latest scenes of carnage & amp ; mayhem sicken us all . As @ POTUS said , “ the US condemns this terror attack '' # VPinPanama https : //t.co/5bxhxQnLaf
TUNE IN ! Panama 's President , @ JC_Varela , and I hold a joint press statement in Panama City - & gt ; https : //t.co/viFQGLZDTs # VPinPanama https : //t.co/XxHh4jNBZl
. @ POTUS just announced that American pork will be exported to Argentina & amp ; American farmers and ranchers will reap the rewards . # VPinPanama https : //t.co/w1HDehhi42
Colombia has expanded access for U.S. rough rice - a deal that will benefit American agriculture for decades to come . # VPinPanama
@ POTUS Trump has taken decisive action to ensure that our prosperity continues to advance together . # VPinPanama https : //t.co/csgJHNQAlG
Countries across this hemisphere are enacting bold reforms to unshackle economies & amp ; empower citizens to claim their futures # VPinPanama https : //t.co/Kk52LgyVnw
Building the Panama Canal was a challenge of magnitude , not miracles – and it brought out the best of the American spirit . # VPinPanama
The interests of U.S & amp ; L. America are intertwined . Our security & amp ; prosperity rise in tandem & amp ; our futures are forever linked # VPinPanama https : //t.co/1ZOiw2bdEj
Our prayers and the prayers of all the American people are with the victims , their families , and the good people of Spain . # VPinPanama https : //t.co/SfSbTGPWWl
The United States stands ready to assist the people of Spain to find and punish those responsible . # VPinPanama
As the @ POTUS said , “ the United States condemns this terror attack… and we will do whatever is necessary to help. ” # VPinPanama
TUNE IN ! I 'm in Panama speaking at the Cocoli Locks : https : //t.co/qJDel2CM3d # VPinPanama https : //t.co/uGdFa4HVV7
Sickened by horrific terror attack in Barcelona . U.S. will work w/ allies to find those responsible & amp ; bring to justice . Praying for victims . https : //t.co/Z4YcbtwRcy
# VPinSA Photos of the Day # 4 : Met w/ Pres . of Chile , @ mbachelet , spoke with @ AACCLA_USCC , and met with embassy staff & amp ; their families https : //t.co/RJIzPtbnZC
On the way to Panama to meet with President @ jc_varela for the last stop of my Latin America trip . Use the hashtag # VPinPanama to follow . https : //t.co/4lkrn0Un8I
. @ POTUS & amp ; I believe Argentina will continue to be an exemplar of a better path in Latin America , to prosperity , security & amp ; freedom # VPinSA https : //t.co/Z1dBMwi9iU
Freedom always has been and always will be the surest pathway to prosperity . # VPinSA https : //t.co/gEILC2Ul2B
A failed state in Venezuela will endanger the security , prosperity , and well-being of all who call the Western Hemisphere home . # VPinSA https : //t.co/Vue8FWdRQO
Let me praise Chile and all those free nations who have spoken with one voice to condemn the Maduro regime . # VPinSA https : //t.co/Zj1JpdSk93
We will continue to stand with free nations across our hemisphere until democracy is restored for the Venezuelan people . # VPinSA https : //t.co/RX9TWloOhE
Latin America 's progress will mean more jobs and more growth in the United States of America . # VPinSA https : //t.co/yaa0qDTaCx
. @ POTUS Trump and I are grateful for the commitment to economic freedom that 's spreading across this hemisphere . # VPinSA https : //t.co/rziliqdHwm
Under @ POTUS the U.S wants to trade even more w/ Latin America..POTUS has made it clear the U.S seeks trade that is both free & amp ; fair # VPinSA https : //t.co/pY4DaIfSFq
The U.S seeks to draw this nation and all the free nations of Latin America even closer to ourselves , in friendship and in commerce . # VPinSA https : //t.co/4aXgbuvw2V
Tune in ! Speaking in Chile about advancing prosperity & amp ; economic growth throughout the Western Hemisphere : https : //t.co/DOPO4sb2lz # VPinSA https : //t.co/yMeC1x7Eo8
RT @ SecondLady : Great visit at Teleton in Santiago , Chile where I spoke with children in the art therapy program . Amazing stories behind th…
. @ POTUS remains confident that w/ our allies across L. America we will achieve a peaceable solution to the crisis facing Venezuela # VPinSA https : //t.co/gDZTFLDZnl
Here in our hemisphere , another rogue regime & amp ; the tragedy of tyranny are playing out before our eyes in Venezuela . # VPinSA https : //t.co/9sptPC0acG
The U.S will continue to bring the full range of American power until North Korea abandons its nuclear & amp ; ballistic missile programs . # VPinSA https : //t.co/q1JaJ6wytF
The United States appreciates Chile ’ s support to promote peace and stability on the Korean peninsula . # VPinSA https : //t.co/pZRz0yXrRv
TUNE IN ! The President of Chile , @ mbachelet , and I are speaking now : https : //t.co/WjVQSzAZjQ # VPinSA https : //t.co/sMyA7o4yyY
View from over the Andes on Air Force II as we flew to Chile . Just landed & amp ; looking forward to my meeting later w/ Pres . @ mbachelet . # VPinSA https : //t.co/OPFYn8x15h
# VPinSA Photos of the Day # 3 : Visited Metropolitan Cathedral , met w/ Argentine Pres . @ mauriciomacri , & amp ; spoke to biz leaders . https : //t.co/pJxT2yGmXW
Thank you @ mauriciomacri & amp ; Argentina for the warm hospitality on my very first visit to your nation . Next up : Chile ! # VPinSA https : //t.co/ROEy7Cysft
A failed state in Venezuela will endanger the security , prosperity , and well-being of all of us who call the Western Hemisphere home # VPinSA https : //t.co/o7o6ERBFXK
Yesterday in Colombia , I met a grandmother who shared her story of moving her grandchildren from Venezuela . # VPinSA https : //t.co/OilVzy6Vih
To our neighbors & amp ; friends across the Western Hemisphere :

Always choose freedom .

Always choose democracy . # VPinSA https : //t.co/N5p0BNxiw5
The Venezuelan people will be free once more - for here in the New World , freedom always wins . # VPinSA https : //t.co/qGhVhKGqRd
What we do to see democracy restored in Venezuela , we will do together ... We do this because it is right - Venezuela deserves freedom # VPinSA https : //t.co/yeAlIok4Qc
A failed state in Venezuela will endanger the security , prosperity , and well-being of all who call the Western Hemisphere home . # VPinSA https : //t.co/cEDrq5lJKG
No free people has ever chosen to turn what was once one of South America 's richest nations into its poorest & amp ; most corrupt . # VPinSA https : //t.co/iPTNw0aau5
L. America has come so far in terms of prosperity & amp ; security because you share a commitment to freedom , democracy & amp ; the rule of law # VPinSA https : //t.co/XMe3c7Pe4m
The U.S. will not waver in our efforts to ensure the safety & amp ; security of the U.S people & amp ; the W. Hemisphere # VPinSA https : //t.co/wY9RG7Ix1m
The US . wants more trade w/ Latin America & amp ; the wider world . But under @ POTUS Donald Trump , we will have free trade and fair trade . # VPinSA https : //t.co/9fPMp8HFNg
The advance of freedom and democracy in Latin America benefits the cause of freedom everywhere . # VPinSA https : //t.co/6QTOu3Dml3
. @ POTUS has said the U.S. seeks `` a future [ in our hemisphere ] where the people of each country can live out their dreams . '' # VPinSA https : //t.co/0SUHKNV6GJ
WATCH LIVE : I 'm speaking to the Argentine and Latin American Business Community in Buenos Aires - & gt ; https : //t.co/Lyj10F6yZa # VPinSA https : //t.co/7z97CNP0uc
. @ POTUS & amp ; I believe Argentina will continue to be an exemplar of the better path for L. America - to prosperity , security & amp ; freedom . # VPinSA https : //t.co/ymv0KpS6YN
The U.S. will continue to bring the full measure of economic & amp ; diplomatic power to bear until democracy is restored in Venezuela . # VPinSA https : //t.co/5CoNabgtZ3
Venezuela is sliding into dictatorship , and as @ POTUS Trump has said “ the United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles. ” # VPinSA https : //t.co/K5mkfbmHJW
Today , the once-free people of Venezuela are being forced to endure that fate by the brutality of the Maduro regime . # VPinSA https : //t.co/2YXg84hTfK
Security is the foundation of our prosperity , and today , the U.S & amp ; Argentina face many threats to our security . # VPinSA https : //t.co/3GWelZccUl
Went to Buenos Aires Metropolitan Cathedral to lay a wreath at General San Martin 's tomb & amp ; visit their memorial to Holocaust victims # VPinSA https : //t.co/dXYN532WQo
# VPinSA Photos # 2 : Spoke w/ Venezuelan families that fled Maduro regime to Colombia.Then arrived in Argentina for meetings w/ @ mauriciomacri https : //t.co/fVi0h7dq9k
. @ POTUS made it clear that as Venezuela collapses it threatens the prosperity & amp ; security of the U.S & amp ; all nations in this hemisphere # VPinSA
A failed state becomes a driving force for the kind of migration that compromises our borders & amp ; compromises our economy . # VPinSA
A failed state knows no borders . As Venezuela falls into dictatorship it 'll be a greater hub for narcotics that tear apart families # VPinSA
In Colombia Karen & amp ; I met w/ Venezuelan families who fled the tyranny & amp ; oppression of Maduro . The Venezuelan people deserve freedom # VPinSA https : //t.co/1lR4xDLony
RT @ NBCNewsPR : EXCLUSIVE : @ VP to @ PeterAlexander : `` POTUS has made clear we 're not going to stand by while Venezuela crumbles , while Venezue…
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed a beautiful walk through the Old City of Cartagena . https : //t.co/8khmYVAW6w
Under @ POTUS Trump , America first does not mean America alone . U.S & amp ; Colombia ’ s security & amp ; prosperity are inextricably linked . # VPinSA https : //t.co/rmBP3LJzcp
# VPinSA Photos of the Day # 1 : Spoke w/ @ JuanManSantos about how the drug crisis requires swift action to protect the people of both nations . https : //t.co/v0k4suMwBL
The United States will not rest and will not relent until Venezuela is restored to a full and prosperous democracy . # VPinSA https : //t.co/TBOVKdY91D
Venezuela is sliding into dictatorship , and as @ POTUS Trump has said `` the United States will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles . '' # VPinSA https : //t.co/26SsM5ceDP
No free people has ever chosen to turn what was once one of South America 's richest nations into its poorest & amp ; most corrupt # VPinSA https : //t.co/SBWE2H1m5K
In Venezuela , we are seeing the tragedy of tyranny play out before our eyes # VPinSA https : //t.co/fDHujXxUaD
Under @ POTUS , the U.S will always put the security & amp ; prosperity of America First . But America First does not mean America alone . # VPinSA https : //t.co/BhXCAphz6Q
TUNE IN ! @ JuanManSantos & amp ; I hold a joint press conference in Colombia : https : //t.co/e92WmuvlGV # VPinSA https : //t.co/VdyJcmo1Ub
Wheels down in Colombia . This will be an important trip with leaders of Latin American nations - meeting w/ @ JuanManSantos tonight . # VPinSA https : //t.co/0YVEok5RyY
On behalf of POTUS , we 're wheels up en route to Colombia for my meeting later today with Colombia 's President - @ JuanManSantos . # VPinSA https : //t.co/10wkSvx0qb
Karen & amp ; I saddened by the loss of lives in Charlottesville . Thoughts & amp ; prayers w/ families of officers & amp ; young woman.Also w/ injured victims https : //t.co/4SSASEuLnO
As @ POTUS Trump said , `` We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation ... & amp ; true affection for each other . '' # Charlottesville https : //t.co/UXDZ67cLGS
RT @ FLOTUS : Our country encourages freedom of speech , but let 's communicate w/o hate in our hearts . No good comes from violence . # Charlotte…
I stand with @ POTUS against hate & amp ; violence . U.S is greatest when we join together & amp ; oppose those seeking to divide us . # Charlottesville https : //t.co/p76Y9xQCPL
Today Karen & amp ; I were honored to unveil my Governor 's portrait . The people of Indiana will always be in our hearts . https : //t.co/rP81uVEJWt
Thank you again to all those who joined us at the Statehouse & amp ; to all Hoosiers for giving Karen & amp ; I the privileges & amp ; opportunities to serve . https : //t.co/R1dQVI3Buh
The @ Indytenpoint & amp ; all who confront the challenge of urban youth violence have an ally , an advocate , and a champion in @ POTUS Trump . https : //t.co/N1qgeHS6ZZ
All that I am & amp ; all that I will ever be I owe to Indiana & amp ; we pray God will continue to bless IN & amp ; all who go by the name of Hoosier # VPinIN https : //t.co/r7JFV3Rpew
This portrait has what is foundational in my life & amp ; work - the Indiana tie Karen designed & amp ; 2 flags that show my love of state & amp ; U.S # VPinIN https : //t.co/7tx40Q0AFn
The work of the @ IndyTenPoint Coalition is an inspiration to the people you serve & amp ; to communities all across this nation . # VPinIN https : //t.co/nXLNsFw5XF
To truly restore an America where anyone can succeed , we must ultimately start with our children , and the education they receive . # VPinIN https : //t.co/VxrRQftM38
It ’ s remarkable to think : Businesses large and small have created more than one million new jobs since inauguration day . # VPinIN https : //t.co/u9V0EQuPa3
Our administration knows that we can ’ t just arrest our way to public safety . We need to create jobs and opportunities . # VPinIN https : //t.co/5kBb6VF8dn
Our administration has already demonstrated our commitment to renewing opportunity and restoring public safety . # VPinIN https : //t.co/akMjFkgsce
13 mos . ago Karen & amp ; I put on the bright neon yellow vests & amp ; walked w/ you in the Faith Patrol in the neighborhoods of N Indianapolis # VPinIN https : //t.co/DySAn2Kb3O
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking to the @ IndyTenPoint Coalition : https : //t.co/BWQ1W9q0Y0 # VPinIN https : //t.co/PBAZdVHVFs
RT @ PacificCommand : # USAF B-1B Lancer # bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK ’ s # FightTonight mission if called upon to do so https : //…
. @ SecondLady and I are headed back home again to Indiana . As a Hoosier , Harley , insisted coming home too . https : //t.co/uGa7GndbVX
Productive time in Bedminster with @ POTUS Trump . Working lunch w/ Chiefs of Staff , security briefing , and important opioid announcement . https : //t.co/firbed0Bd4
Karen & amp ; I head home to Indy tomorrow . Speaking to Ten Point Coalition & amp ; going to Statehouse for unveiling of official Governor 's portrait . https : //t.co/PEQxwlUqb3
Talked w/ @ TurnbullMalcolm . He offered sympathy for Osprey incident . We discussed growing North Korean threat & amp ; close US/Australia alliance
Arrived in Bedminster . Meeting w/ @ POTUS Trump this afternoon & amp ; discussing upcoming trip on his behalf to Central & amp ; South America . https : //t.co/USohKrliXa
This Sunday I 'll depart to South & amp ; Central America for meetings w/ foreign leaders . You can follow when I 'm in South America using # VPinSA . https : //t.co/jhFzu1cTj1
RT @ DeptofDefense : # SecDef says U.S. & amp ; allies have the demonstrated capabilities , commitment to
defend against # DPRK attack : https : //t.co/l…
. @ SecretaryPerry is promoting energy production & amp ; independence for a 21st century economy & amp ; @ POTUS & amp ; I are grateful for his leadership . https : //t.co/mPNVgbPYhH
. @ POTUS Donald Trump has no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people . https : //t.co/81IewnEYj7
Under @ POTUS Trump , @ HHSGov has awarded more than half a billion dollars to fight the nation 's opioid epidemic . https : //t.co/WTzTH5eFkW
Enjoyed lunch earlier w/ @ marcorubio , @ RepJeffDuncan & amp ; @ RepSires - discussed upcoming meetings in Central & amp ; South America w/ foreign leaders https : //t.co/quiswHMlu6
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` ... we will fight this deadly epidemic and the United States will win '' https : //t.co/TNxBfg19lK
We have to meet this opioid crisis not just with law enforcement but also with compassion and new resources . https : //t.co/LJzJBtIWi9
As @ POTUS said regarding the opioid crisis in this country : `` This is an epidemic that knows no boundaries and shows no mercy . '' https : //t.co/aqKHddMjXj
Later @ POTUS Trump & amp ; @ SecPriceMD will meet to discuss continued efforts to end the scourge of opioid addiction in this country . https : //t.co/VwbwlFHPiP
RT @ FLOTUS : Opioids are destroying our youth/people . Mtg w @ Potus & amp ; @ SecPriceMD today to give my support to # STOPDRUGADDICTION https : //t.co…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis , a major problem for our country , today at 3:00 P.M. in Bedmin…
Yesterday for the 9th straight day the Dow closed at a NEW RECORD . Under @ POTUS , over 1M jobs created while stock market hits all time highs https : //t.co/eHToIBtOEE
Since day one of this administration , @ POTUS has been putting conservative principles into practice to strengthen America at home & amp ; abroad . https : //t.co/NEkgVKVxJF
The Dow closed at a record high for the 9th day in a row . @ POTUS has been keeping his promise to make America prosperous again . https : //t.co/WXryb7z3Cy
Productive meeting with @ BetsyDeVosED & amp ; @ usedgov about the importance of innovation & amp ; multiple pathways to success in our education system . https : //t.co/a74m4XD8hS
RT @ realDonaldTrump : On # PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION ! # USA🇺🇸 htt…
( 2/2 ) ... CPT Jacob Watson , and @ usairforce MSGT Naaem Stanley . # PurpleHeartDay https : //t.co/6NkjnrW4hi
So honored to have these heroes & amp ; Purple Heart recipients on my team - @ USArmy SSG Brian O'Callaghan , SFC Christopher Allison ... ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/whp3MRq4bm
Under @ POTUS , we 're rebuilding our military , ISIS is on the run & amp ; illegal immigration is down . America 's safety & amp ; security is top priority . https : //t.co/DsaBuwJrNO
RT @ DeptofDefense : On this # PurpleHeartDay and every day , we honor the brave men and women who have sacrificed for this nation . # HonorThem…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea . Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on Nort…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : `` Under Trump , gains against # ISIS have dramatically accelerated ''
https : //t.co/jNtOTh0moL
My statement regarding the absurd @ NYtimes article . https : //t.co/htvYSbS2dy
RT @ realDonaldTrump : MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! https : //t.co/g4ELhh9joH
Thanks to @ POTUS in the last week :
✔ stock market hit all-time high
✔ 1 million jobs created in first 6 mos .
✔ Unemployment rate fell again https : //t.co/vV0s9nDtEZ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea . Over one billion dolla…
. @ POTUS has been working to roll back gov't regulations , lower taxes , rebuild our infrastructure , & amp ; restore the American dream . https : //t.co/1alTZuRvk0
As @ POTUS said , `` When Americans are free to pursue their dreams , there is no limit to what we can achieve . '' https : //t.co/M2QU0CW4PB https : //t.co/k3xSl8VGRm
In this week 's address , @ POTUS says , `` Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we 're putting American workers and families first . '' https : //t.co/4TvQXhLVun
We 're going to cut taxes across the board for working families , small businesses , and family farms . # YAFcon https : //t.co/dsvtHuMUFZ
We were not elected to save ObamaCare - we were elected to repeal and replace it . # YAFcon https : //t.co/eLUaxAv2qU
We will keep fighting to keep a promise we made to the American people to repeal and replace ObamaCare . # YAFcon https : //t.co/ZclZZ3coZg
Serving with him every day , I know : Our @ POTUS has no higher priority than the safety and security of the American people . # YAFcon https : //t.co/3Hb9dpNxpU
Just this morning , the news came in- over one million new jobs have been created since @ POTUS Trump took office . # YAFcon https : //t.co/pjkNmxAzhH
Since Day One , our administration has been using conservative principles to strengthen America , at home and abroad . # YAFcon https : //t.co/TpJpwF8yQ5
. @ POTUS Trump has given voice to the aspirations and frustrations of the American people like no leader since President Reagan . # YAFcon https : //t.co/StFQkZaHAq
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at @ YAF 's 39th Annual National Conservative Student Conference - & gt ; https : //t.co/jOqhEOZI4s # YAFcon https : //t.co/SdlmjXMTVV
Thanks @ fema & amp ; @ DHSgov for # hurricaneseason briefing.As @ POTUS said we are very strong on homeland security & amp ; very strong w/ respect to FEMA https : //t.co/1HTvdKH7KZ
In just these first six months , the U.S. economy has added MORE THAN 1 MILLION JOBS under @ POTUS Trump . And we 're just getting started . https : //t.co/FHLNAXtaTL
Thanks to @ POTUS ' agenda , American businesses are optimistic in our future once again & amp ; they 're investing & amp ; creating jobs HERE in America . https : //t.co/XphlbGXFA2
Under @ POTUS Trump 's leadership , this administration has taken decisive action to put America back to work and get our economy moving again . https : //t.co/KHiAbXUTam
U.S employers added 209,000 jobs in July . @ POTUS Trump 's Jobs , Jobs , Jobs agenda is working ! https : //t.co/fSrzxF33Hq
Thanks to @ POTUS Trump 's agenda , optimism , jobs numbers , and the stock market are all UP ! ⬆️ https : //t.co/qv3ES045I5 https : //t.co/h497oiLpsg
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Toyota & amp ; Mazda to build a new $ 1.6B plant here in the U.S.A. and create 4K new American jobs . A great investment in Am…
Since day one @ POTUS Trump has been rolling back gov't regulations & amp ; cutting through red tape . The American people are seeing the results . https : //t.co/d9P57NXp38
Happy birthday to the @ USCG ! Thank you to the courageous men and women of the Coast Guard for everything you do for the American people . https : //t.co/guhFY1XiyR
Once distant threats have become local & amp ; all free nations must band together to confront & amp ; overcome these threats . Watch # VPinEurope recap . https : //t.co/46b64chAju
Right to Try is about giving terminally ill patients hope & amp ; a chance . Proud of @ POTUS ' & amp ; @ SenRonJohnson 's work to help pass it in Senate .
Completed our visit to Eastern Europe & amp ; now home . See all the photos from our last stop in Montenegro : https : //t.co/bLyAftkccv # VPinEurope https : //t.co/FPZ4SSLMKL
⚡️ Miss any part of # VPinEurope ? Get a full recap here ⤵️

https : //t.co/YYKaJglRd6
Successful European trip ! Read recaps :
Estonia : https : //t.co/eCtKC5f8S8
Georgia : https : //t.co/PUIxto97J4
Montenegro : https : //t.co/FdaUyGu8HH https : //t.co/RwN6BlqsK4
The future of the Western Balkans , the future of the West itself , and the future of freedom is bright , brighter than ever before # VPinEurope https : //t.co/2sJr3HfNMO
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations . Much work left to do but effect will be great ! Busin…
Under @ POTUS ' agenda , over 800K jobs have been created , stock market is at an all-time high & amp ; businesses are optimistic in America 's future . https : //t.co/RvWkPDpBkf
# VPinEurope Day Four : Said hello to @ USEmbassyMNE staff & amp ; families , met w/ PM Markovic , & amp ; spoke at Adriatic Charter Summit . Home now ! https : //t.co/mRddn4tsMC
RT @ WhiteHouse : # VPinEurope in Photos : https : //t.co/z7IqWMrv1U https : //t.co/XBvrLuOIwo
Karen & amp ; I are grateful to PM Markovic & amp ; Montenegrin people for the hospitality . Successful Adriatic Charter Summit . Heading home # VPinEurope https : //t.co/x8reBHCy8T
We call on all who cherish freedom to condemn the Maduro regime for its abuse of power & amp ; its own people . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/8vfqFoiiEK
In these challenging times @ POTUS has reminded us our fight `` begins w/ our minds , our wills & amp ; our souls '' # VPinEurope https : //t.co/Xyu5xjfTQH
The U.S will continue to hold Russia accountable for its actions . # VPinEurope

https : //t.co/AlEL1fCXvP
We must be resolute & amp ; uncompromising in the face of aggression from the unpredictable country that casts a shadow from the east . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/r12XDZsQ5u
In these times of widening threats and provocations , we must stand together in defense of all that we hold dear . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/g4Z6OB8uBm
The world has also witnessed the grave & amp ; growing threat posed by missile capabilities of dangerous regimes in N. Korea & amp ; Iran # VPinEurope https : //t.co/B9BIFUsw33
Venezuela deserves democracy – the Venezuelan people deserve freedom . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/eRaIUff7EL
The U.S calls on all who cherish freedom to condemn the Maduro regime for its abuse of power and its abuse of its own people . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/cSdt1aWjJu
( 2/2 ) ... and he will hold `` Maduro ... personally responsible for safety of Leopoldo Lopez and Antonio Ledezma . '' # VPinEurope
. @ POTUS said he `` condemns the actions of the Maduro dictatorship '' ( 1/2 ) ... # VPinEurope
WATCH LIVE ! At 7:00 EST , I 'm speaking at the Adriatic Charter Summit in Montenegro - & gt ; https : //t.co/trJMI2xQXg # VPinEurope https : //t.co/nxoFBXaP0c
Karen & amp ; I enjoyed meeting @ USEmbassyMNE staff and their families earlier in Montenegro -thanked them for all that they do ! # VPinEurope https : //t.co/1aRitNZtHS
Met w/ Montenegrin PM Markovic & amp ; thanked him for Montenegro 's leadership promoting stability & amp ; prosperity in the Western Balkans. # VPinEurope https : //t.co/6pV5MzLfkT
Arrests of @ leopoldolopez & amp ; @ alcaldeledezma by corrupt Maduro regime is an outrage . Spoke to Lopez on Friday . He 's a good man . Free them now https : //t.co/A8YCf0m4Pd
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed a wonderful lunch with US Marines from the Georgia Deployment Progam and the Marine Security Guard Detachment in Tb…
We stand w/ Georgia in defense of what @ POTUS calls the `` ties that bind us together as nations , as allies , & amp ; as a civilization . '' # VPinEurope https : //t.co/0QtJJ0zrHj
Completed our visit to Georgia and now in Montenegro . See all the photos from Georgia here : https : //t.co/bLyAftkccv # VPinEurope https : //t.co/GUiqxyWQFe
The rise of adversaries new & amp ; old requires renewed strength & amp ; resolve by all who cherish freedom : https : //t.co/5MA0XlvcL3 # VPinEurope https : //t.co/lqG9EzTkiR
The U.S. will continue to work with Georgia to reduce vulnerabilities and counter Russian aggression : https : //t.co/rnSPYChk1U # VPinEurope https : //t.co/dDImMC80ko
We have arrived in Montenegro , the last stop on our visit to Eastern Europe . Looking forward to meeting w/ PM Dusko Markovic . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/mD7JLE7uk2
# VPinEurope Day 3 : Visited @ EmbassyTbilisi families , met w/ PM @ KvirikashviliGi & amp ; spoke to US & amp ; Georgia troops at Exercise Noble Partner https : //t.co/rgE5o24bGb
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Stock Market could hit all-time high ( again ) 22,000 today . Was 18,000 only 6 months ago on Election Day . Mainstream me…
Thanks to U.S & amp ; Georgian troops participating in Exercise Noble Partner . Karen & amp ; I wrapping up visit to Georgia-on to Montenegro # VPinEurope https : //t.co/G3J4eoHoKY
ICYMI : In Estonia yesterday & amp ; spoke w/ courageous troops stationed there from U.S , UK , France & amp ; Estonia : https : //t.co/u1w7xyu3uN # VPinEurope https : //t.co/kR2UEi3oWB
Today , we recommit ourselves to the cause of security , prosperity , and freedom for the people of Georgia . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/rXH8RR7owS
A better relationship will require Russia to reverse actions that caused sanctions to be imposed in the first place . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/wbzPsyoZXg
We stand here today in the gap - on a front line of freedom , compromised by Russian aggression nearly a decade ago . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/O9WyPbB7Fs
The rise of adversaries new and old requires renewed strength and resolve by all who cherish freedom . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/pULBIrlFNv
Those who wear the American uniform - your Commander-in-Chief is making the strongest fighting force even stronger still . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/iZqXkK0K05
We stand w/ Georgia in defense of what @ POTUS called the `` ties that bind us together as nations , as allies , & amp ; as a civilization '' # VPinEurope https : //t.co/9ZBFuq3Iz3
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking to U.S. and Georgia troops at Exercise Noble Partner : https : //t.co/kO8DtjmJnW # VPinEurope https : //t.co/n1ftgHMbTO
Karen & amp ; I visited Sioni Cathedral a symbol of the faith that fills Georgia 's ancient land . Thanks Patriarch Ilia II & amp ; Fr Zviadze # VPinEurope https : //t.co/04ORFORcyT
Karen & amp ; I spoke w/ dedicated @ EmbassyTbilisi staff members & amp ; their families & amp ; thanked them for the great work they do for the US # VPinEurope https : //t.co/9nDNpeoxsh
The United States will continue to work with Georgia to reduce vulnerabilities and counter Russian aggression . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/PYAD3poWgS
RT @ SecondLady : Insightful visit with patient artists in Tbilisi , Georgia , who explained their artwork and how # arttherapy has impacted the…
It is heartening to see that Georgia already exceeds NATO ’ s goal of spending two percent of gross domestic product on defense . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/Ze0Acch6Uu
To be clear : the United States of America strongly condemns Russia ’ s occupation of Georgia ’ s soil . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/48WaisaoPI
We are proud of our friendship and partnership with the nation and people of Georgia . America First does not mean America alone . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/pr8epWKTjD
TUNE IN ! PM @ KvirikashviliGi & amp ; I are participating in a press conference together in Georgia : https : //t.co/tc8hKK2Vty # VPinEurope https : //t.co/8ou0gsUXEh
Under @ POTUS the policy of the U.S is to place the security & amp ; prosperity of America first . But that does not mean America alone . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/pzPlOKh65e
Thanks @ KvirikashviliGi & amp ; Maia for welcoming Karen & amp ; I to Georgia yesterday . We enjoyed Tbilisi , looking forward to our meetings # VPinEurope https : //t.co/4aU6h9Y2FG
Under @ POTUS , diplomatic action taken by Moscow will not deter commitment of US to our security , allies & amp ; freedom-loving nations # VPinEurope https : //t.co/V9ARfjILGM
Check out all of the photos from a busy couple of days in Estonia : https : //t.co/bLyAftkccv # VPinEurope https : //t.co/sZlWwJCr3X
ICYMI : @ POTUS Trump & amp ; the United States will continue to hold Russia accountable for its actions : https : //t.co/k0QEvHUxnx # VPinEurope https : //t.co/cls4Ftktl8
Under @ POTUS Trump I know our bond will only grow stronger with the Baltic states as time goes on : https : //t.co/WHJ22IXcXY # VPinEurope https : //t.co/ZvxytQmaY2
We have landed in Georgia ! Appreciate Prime Minister @ KvirikashviliGi hosting us as we work to strengthen our partnership . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/BsckJezy34
# VPinEurope Day Two in photos : Met with leaders of Estonia , Latvia , & amp ; Lithuania . Then addressed troops from US , UK , France & amp ; Estonia . https : //t.co/oXQp79KCtY
Important visit to E. Europe underway . @ POTUS Trump sent me here w/ a simple message : America first does n't mean America alone . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/8UC2ORkX9j
The U.S. , under @ POTUS Trump , is committed to nations around the world that are committed to freedom . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/0KVXH279VF
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed listening to art therapists at the North Estonia Medical Center Psychiatric Clinic in Estonia . They 're doing good w…
Thanks Estonia for hosting ! Honored to meet w/ Baltic leaders & amp ; address troops from US , Estonia , UK & amp ; France . Next stop : Georgia # VPinEurope https : //t.co/qH51YxCRcs
Recent diplomatic action taken by Moscow will not deter commitment of U.S to our security , our allies , & amp ; freedom-loving nations # VPinEurope https : //t.co/VjKkpBYv85
In a sign of our commitment , very soon , @ POTUS will sign legislation to strengthen and codify the U.S ' sanctions against Russia . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/hVzeimPi0H
Under @ POTUS , U.S will continue to hold Russia accountable for its actions . We call on European allies & amp ; friends to do the same # VPinEurope https : //t.co/taTueTq8aw
Russia continues to seek to redraw international borders by force & amp ; undermine the democracies of sovereign nations . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/7TLPC5yrMq
In these times of widening threats and provocations , we must stand together in defense of our alliance and all that we hold dear # VPinEurope https : //t.co/7RzecNfwsJ
. @ POTUS Trump has made it clear that every NATO member must `` contribute their fair share and meet their financial obligations. ” # VPinEurope https : //t.co/h6zbmPufQj
Last week our alliance & amp ; all the world saw the grave & amp ; growing threat posed by the dangerous regimes in North Korea & amp ; Iran # VPinEurope https : //t.co/RLnoaIrVLp
TUNE IN ! Speaking to Enhanced Forward Presence & amp ; to members of U.S , Estonia , U.K & amp ; France Armed Forces : https : //t.co/Cb200a8ml4 # VPinEurope https : //t.co/EpVa5uoxGr
The bond b/w U.S & amp ; the Baltic States of Estonia , Latvia , & amp ; Lithuania is strong – & amp ; under @ POTUS our bond will only grow stronger # VPinEurope https : //t.co/Cmj4YNbO8h
Recent diplomatic action taken by Moscow will not deter commitment of U.S to our security , our allies , & amp ; freedom-loving nations # VPinEurope https : //t.co/7o3vnKkJBA
Under @ POTUS Trump , the U.S rejects any attempt to use force , threats , intimidation , or malign influence in the Baltic States # VPinEurope https : //t.co/OEykSdhuVf
We stand with the people and nations of Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania – and we always will . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/fFRNYiLGmx
TUNE IN ! I 'm with the leaders of Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania to participate in a press statement - & gt ; https : //t.co/96G9RCtzCe # VPinEurope https : //t.co/qP22dLBVoL
Started today with President of Estonia @ KerstiKaljulaid for a discussion of the digital economy , cyber security & amp ; innovation # VPinEurope https : //t.co/hgcbfDC2EE
# VPinEurope Day One in photos : Productive meeting w/ PM @ RatasJuri & amp ; enjoyed meeting the people of Estonia . https : //t.co/5Ws6nAltQy
Karen & amp ; I visited w/ dedicated embassy staff members & amp ; their families . The team at @ usembtallinn does great work for the U.S. # VPinEurope https : //t.co/jickHROGUJ
TUNE IN ! My interview with @ KristinFisher of @ FoxNews from Tallinn Town Hall Square airs at 1:15 EST ! # VPinEurope https : //t.co/XRMNBbzhgj
In Tallinn today , Estonian PM @ RatasJuri and I discussed the strong U.S.-Estonia partnership and Estonia 's EU Presidency agenda . https : //t.co/Oo2c77vqAe
First stop in Estonia was meeting with Prime Minister Jüri Ratas , who walked me through the historic Stenbock House in Tallinn . # VPinEurope https : //t.co/cODFBMtQVs
On behalf of @ POTUS , arrived in Tallinn , Estonia with @ SecondLady to meet w/ leaders of Baltic States on security & amp ; prosperity # VPinEurope https : //t.co/YmKsiBQyvK
On my way to Estonia , Georgia and Montenegro to meet with leaders in the region on behalf of @ POTUS . Keep up with # VPinEurope . https : //t.co/6gJTy3WRv6
While I 'm meeting w/ leaders in Europe , keep up by following the hashtag # VPinEurope & amp ; following my Facebook page : https : //t.co/pvv284aSys https : //t.co/QePeRHy9Eo
. @ POTUS has been rolling back the heavy hand of government & amp ; has been signing laws to cut through federal red tape and we 're seeing results . https : //t.co/zp86c2tq5V
This evening on behalf of @ POTUS I will depart to Eastern Europe to meet w/ leaders in Estonia , Georgia & amp ; Montenegro . Keep up w/ # VPinEurope https : //t.co/Mamew6jvlu
Spoke w/ Venezuelan political prisoner & amp ; activist Leopoldo López . Told him on behalf of @ POTUS , the U.S stands with the Venezuelan people . https : //t.co/QIKQmNSjST
Well said , Mr. President . Grateful to Reince for his friendship and service to America . He 's been a huge part of our success ! https : //t.co/xHEevgjbo4
Congratulations to my friend General/Secretary John Kelly for being named @ WhiteHouse Chief of Staff . I know you will do a great job ! # MAGA https : //t.co/GM5pMEj1cq
Congrats to @ Nick_Ayers for being sworn-in as my Chief of Staff . Excited to welcome you & amp ; great having your family at @ WhiteHouse today . https : //t.co/oQPymdSQqa
Saddened to hear of the passing of Charlie Gard . Karen & amp ; I offer our prayers & amp ; condolences to his loving parents during this difficult time .
Under @ POTUS our economy is growing , 850,000 jobs have been created & amp ; businesses are more optimistic than they 've been in 20 years . https : //t.co/xjp4qWl01m
From day 1 @ POTUS Trump has been fighting to restore jobs , opportunity & amp ; prosperity to the U.S , & amp ; is already making a remarkable difference . https : //t.co/Kgm6ld1Vmr
Given his integrity , record of leadership , & amp ; distinguished history , @ POTUS & amp ; I are confident Bill Hagerty will excel as ambassador to Japan . https : //t.co/Ug3YjY7HFr
As @ POTUS said , `` These officers saved the lives of every innocent person on the field that day ... they are American heroes & amp ; we salute them . '' https : //t.co/0IoaPgnAfc
Today , @ POTUS & amp ; I welcomed 5 U.S. heroes to @ WhiteHouse who exemplify the best of law enforcement in this country . https : //t.co/i1nnFVwHhK
. @ POTUS has now called on Bill Hagerty to represent the U.S as Ambassador to Japan . This is a momentous time in the life of our alliance . https : //t.co/DYCxY0vDJT
In this time of challenge and threat , the U.S.-Japan alliance remains the cornerstone of peace , prosperity , and freedom in the Asia-Pacific . https : //t.co/h9RBEN23Rn
Under @ POTUS Donald Trump , the United States is firmly committed to our treasured friend and ally , Japan . https : //t.co/7ZOefim2F3
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm swearing in U.S . Ambassador to Japan William F. Hagerty IV ➡️ https : //t.co/IjSWRrp7uz https : //t.co/B1l40feRhe
These five officers exemplify the best of law enforcement in this country . https : //t.co/HDGZkIIIK4
We gather to honor five truly remarkable heroes - who rushed into harm 's way and prevented an even greater tragedy . https : //t.co/oZHVDfDBED
Today , @ POTUS Trump will pay a debt of gratitude to the brave men and women who inspired the nation on that day . https : //t.co/XsdljUBsU0
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as President Trump recognizes the first responders to the June 14 shooting involving Congressman Scalise : https : …
Under @ POTUS Trump , we ’ re going to cut taxes across the board for working families , small businesses , and family farms . https : //t.co/o77Z109cwz
The Senate has an opportunity & amp ; an obligation to rescue the American people from the failed Obamacare policy . https : //t.co/MOi6o57QYZ
ObamaCare has failed – and ObamaCare must go . Let me be clear : This is the moment – now is the time . https : //t.co/UFkjVkgAcG
We ’ re going to cut taxes across the board for working families , small businesses , and family farms . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/3HLtYiXF72
The truth is that America ’ s tax code is one of the biggest barriers to success for working families and job creators . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/DxsEwm0IXp
. @ POTUS Trump is going to work with the Congress to pass one of the largest tax cuts in American history . # SmallBizVoice
The American people are watching – because the American people know what ’ s at stake . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/eoqpvfqVFq
As @ POTUS said this morning , “ After seven years , this is your chance to shine – don ’ t let the American people down. ” # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/5CnshG0G5S
As I ’ ve traveled the U.S on behalf of @ POTUS , I ’ ve heard firsthand from job creators & amp ; families about the burden of ObamaCare # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/QfHjDXaun3
The average premium on the individual market has more than doubled since ObamaCare went into effect less than 4 years ago . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/rZQTtBCrFK
Every day ObamaCare survives is another day American families and American business struggle . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/typD8cT7PA
. @ POTUS Trump ’ s leadership is already making a remarkable difference ... Biz like those here have created more than 800K jobs # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/TKM4siATbp
. @ POTUS has signed more laws to slash through red tape than any Pres . in history saving businesses up to $ 18B every year . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/14MGbC3Go8
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are pleased to report that the U.S Senate is moving forward on legislation to repeal and replace ObamaCare . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/x3NO71bMTL
With the strong support of small business owners all across this country , @ POTUS Trump won a historic victory . # SmallBizVoice https : //t.co/dYeVlJzCjx
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking to the @ NFIB about @ POTUS ' commitment to American small business - & gt ; https : //t.co/Gmu9mhwf5E # smallbizvoice https : //t.co/0b27TH2UOz
TUNE IN ! My interview with @ TuckerCarlson is starting now on @ FoxNews . https : //t.co/yp3dVX4jmH
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to serve ! Thank you , @ SisterCitiesInt ! https : //t.co/jAl0QeN26N
Company after company are announcing thousands of jobs . Today 's announcement is just the latest vote of confidence in @ POTUS & amp ; his agenda . https : //t.co/wq6DO3Cog6
TUNE IN TONIGHT ! At 8 PM ET on @ FoxNews , I talk with @ TuckerCarlson about @ POTUS Trump 's victories in his first six months . https : //t.co/VcSY94ujYy
Companies ... will continue to invest in American jobs , American workers , & amp ; America ’ s future – because under @ POTUS Trump , America is back ! https : //t.co/SJrJybK2iH
Job creators have responded to the @ POTUS ' agenda with optimism and action . https : //t.co/3HKCKcg1eT
Thanks to the leadership of @ POTUS Donald Trump , welcome to a historic day for American jobs in the American heartland . https : //t.co/qoyMAinUmJ
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm introducing @ POTUS Trump at a jobs announcement - & gt ; https : //t.co/MwTX1xdukH https : //t.co/odA13ep6Fv
Appreciate the hard work our @ WhiteHouse interns are doing this summer . Enjoyed providing some advice & amp ; insight - they have bright futures ! https : //t.co/juq7lOzVYV
Looking forward to chatting with @ TuckerCarlson about @ POTUS ' wins these first six months in office . https : //t.co/Wi8RUaa6Lo
. @ POTUS Donald Trump and the American people are counting on the Senate to act and rescue Americans from the Obamacare nightmare . https : //t.co/sZwTUhZL7n
Today 's vote was a critical step . As @ POTUS said `` the Senate must now pass a bill & amp ; get it to my desk '' so we can end the Obamacare disaster . https : //t.co/MnGQ1QEuww
Proud to break Senate tie to open debate to rescue Americans from failed Obamacare . Thanks to @ POTUS , this is beginning of end of Obamacare . https : //t.co/3UFodiZtoV
RT @ SeemaCMS : # Obamacare has been devastating to families like the Witzigs . Now is the time to provide # Americans relief from this failing…
RT @ SecPriceMD : The American people ca n't afford # Obamacare . The average plan costs nearly $ 3,000 more than it did just 4 years ago . https : …
As @ POTUS said , `` The American people have waited long enough . There ’ s been enough talk and no action . Now is the time for action . '' https : //t.co/v04N24iBAb
These groups agree : begin the debate in the Senate to end the Obamacare nightmare . Inaction is not an option . Senate can choose to act today ! https : //t.co/VeaHYMwoHB
On Hill earlier w/ @ SenateMajLdr . As @ POTUS said “ after years of talking & amp ; campaigning '' the Senate can keep promise to repeal & amp ; replace . https : //t.co/gXcbWkGGD8
Today @ POTUS and I met with families suffering under Obamacare . Thanks to this President , help is on the way . https : //t.co/iCM2oeHjHo
Tomorrow the Senate will have an opportunity to begin debate on repeal & amp ; replace & amp ; @ POTUS & amp ; the U.S people are counting on the Senate to act https : //t.co/tHvGE6ZL1S
. @ POTUS Trump & amp ; the American people are counting on the Senate to act & amp ; to begin the debate on a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/7ORergcWZ0
. @ POTUS Trump hears you & amp ; is fighting for you & amp ; will keep fighting until we give the American people access to world-class health care . https : //t.co/93WIFLf8Ev
We 've heard firsthand from Americans just like those who join us today ... who are starting to lose hope that Congress will ever respond . https : //t.co/Dj5OmW9jsm
. @ POTUS Trump knows that every day ObamaCare survives is another day American families and American businesses struggle . https : //t.co/ox2goQuE5W
. @ POTUS has been working to keep the promises he made to the U.S people & amp ; this President has worked tirelessly to repeal & amp ; replace ObamaCare https : //t.co/r7qUt3w6Fw
WATCH LIVE : @ POTUS Donald Trump provides an update on the efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare ➡️ https : //t.co/MBa9Emcevg
The reality is Obamacare is putting a burden on working families , taxpayers & amp ; job creators all across this nation - & gt ; https : //t.co/zG2u12NyZz https : //t.co/CJJGvfyWM5
We were told we could keep our plan- not true .

We were told we could keep our doc- not true .

We were told premiums would go down- not true https : //t.co/2oX01HReD3
Before @ POTUS speaks at @ boyscouts # 2017Jambo I met some of the more than 60 Eagle Scouts & amp ; Gold Award Girl Scouts who work at @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/7zELQVkkLl
In the first 6 mos of this admin @ POTUS Trump has fought everyday to deliver on his promises to the American people : https : //t.co/U4JkVihkVu https : //t.co/PLr7HUFUNp
`` Allies will rest easy & amp ; our enemies will shake w/ fear b/c everyone will know that America is coming & amp ; America is coming strong . '' - @ POTUS https : //t.co/pVVjlxRTRv
. @ POTUS is right : we are `` blessed w/ warriors who are willing to serve America in the greatest fighting force in history , the U.S military . '' https : //t.co/2hDrYtmCYs
The @ USNavy & amp ; @ POTUS celebrated a historic moment . As he said , `` American might is 2nd to none & amp ; we 're getting bigger & amp ; better & amp ; stronger . '' https : //t.co/xeLlQ67gZE
Joined @ POTUS today as he took action to ensure our armed forces have the resources they need to keep America safe https : //t.co/h38DVMxxsH https : //t.co/a2FX1HhGrL
RT @ WhiteHouse : `` Every day , we are fighting to bring back our jobs , to restore our industry , and to put America first ... '' # MadeInAmerica ht…
TUNE IN ! Talked healthcare with @ MikeRossKTUU on @ Ch2KTCUU in Anchorage , Alaska : https : //t.co/00BkX22FGy https : //t.co/3sf5UmRoQU
WATCH ! Interviewed on @ News3LV in Nevada with Jim Snyder about healthcare . Watch our conversation : https : //t.co/jZp7OkmTSe https : //t.co/w0rNvwIIUx
WATCH ! I talked with @ tvheidihatch on @ KUTV2News in Utah about our efforts to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare : https : //t.co/3DZB43aUow https : //t.co/62sD3BGKXY
WATCH LIVE ! Chatting w/ @ KCMikeMahoney on @ kmbc in Kansas City about the need to end the Obamacare nightmare : https : //t.co/43KPjff1p9 https : //t.co/hD8wbap0xg
TUNE IN ! I 'm w/ @ kristyn_wcpo & amp ; @ McKeeWCPO in Cincinnati talking about rescuing the U.S people from Obamacare : https : //t.co/4xGmAiCc4U https : //t.co/rVFeVOongk
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking on local news shows around the U.S this evening . First , I 'm on @ WOWK13News in West Virginia : https : //t.co/zh4ObTGgtc https : //t.co/5Gb3e8XGT2
Visited @ WRBethesda & amp ; met w/ wounded Armed Forces members . They & amp ; their families have sacrificed so much & amp ; this nation is forever grateful . https : //t.co/QJsL4vvmyn
Congress needs to step up & amp ; do their job . Every member of the Senate should vote to begin debate to rescue the U.S. people from Obamacare . https : //t.co/DL6VsdHLXo
Obamacare is collapsing all across the country . It ’ s putting a burden on working families & amp ; American taxpayers & amp ; job creators . https : //t.co/2v96snrvSE
It ’ s time to vote . It ’ s time to act . It ’ s time to get on with a debate to repeal and replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/kS0XBeAG3y
As @ POTUS Trump said , inaction is not an option . Obamacare is collapsing all across the country . It 's time for Congress to act . https : //t.co/fnEkJcsBwo
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ VP hosts a roundtable discussion : https : //t.co/ZQyW3vC6Si https : //t.co/ftHf6IBYJY
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm meeting w/ grassroots orgs calling on the Senate to act to rescue the American people from Obamacare https : //t.co/SWbCcWE0c7 https : //t.co/HvIjqwqkUe
In first six months @ POTUS Trump has put # AmericaFirst , & amp ; as he said , it 's time to `` believe once more in America . '' https : //t.co/F0CBQgKngL
RT @ SecondLady : Love the b-roll ! ! 😀🐝 https : //t.co/D35cwPyceO
. @ POTUS & amp ; I met at the Pentagon this morning w/ @ DeptofDefense Sec . Mattis & amp ; then thanked the courageous men & amp ; women of our Armed Forces . https : //t.co/7xayZ2jA2n
In 1969 U.S. heroes made history & amp ; under @ POTUS we are ushering in a new era of space leadership to benefit every facet of our nat'l life . https : //t.co/ApOvLZBMNK
In first 6 months under @ POTUS Trump , our economy is stronger , over 800K jobs added , ISIS is on the run , & amp ; the world knows America is back . https : //t.co/lbt62sxonY
As @ POTUS said , `` I ’ m ready to act ; I have pen in hand . I ’ ll sign the legislation . '' Inaction is not an option- it 's time for Congress to act . https : //t.co/n6CwZWbZUQ
Karen & amp ; I are praying for @ SenJohnMcCain . Cancer picked on the wrong guy . John McCain is a fighter & amp ; he 'll win this fight too . God bless !
. @ POTUS , @ SecretaryAcosta , & amp ; I met w/ U.S businesses earlier & amp ; discussed putting American workers first & amp ; the importance of # MadeInAmerica . https : //t.co/dYHqGtYR0v
Enjoyed seeing my friend @ GovHolcomb at the @ WhiteHouse . He 's doing a wonderful job for the people of Indiana . https : //t.co/g3CqRI0IpZ
. @ POTUS Trump is right - we are very close to rescuing the American people from the Obamacare nightmare . It has failed , and it has to go . https : //t.co/9wGcZQ4uJl
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are confident that this bipartisan Commission will make the strongest democracy in the history of the world even stronger still . https : //t.co/a7nNV0e88R
. @ POTUS Trump knows that the principle of “ one person , one vote ” is foundational to the American system of democracy . https : //t.co/G1z7jWFoy2
I ’ m grateful this commission has brought together a distinguished group of bipartisan election experts & amp ; public officials .
. @ POTUS created this commission to help “ promote fair and honest federal elections ” – the foundation of American democracy . https : //t.co/7a1CuTAgwX
WATCH LIVE ! @ POTUS ' Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity holds its first meeting : https : //t.co/CimS36BLBy https : //t.co/purWwNaOOE
Every day Obamacare survives is another day the American economy & amp ; families struggle . @ POTUS is right - inaction is not an option . https : //t.co/7uv5rpuaix
On the Hill earlier w/ @ Reince45 to continue work on @ POTUS ' agenda , including rescuing Americans from Obamacare , & amp ; greeted young visitors . https : //t.co/PnlOvdEs0k
Inaction is not an option . Congress needs to step up . Congress needs to do their job – and Congress need to do their job now . https : //t.co/dyGCUn70Kl
. @ POTUS will keep working on an agenda of less regs. , better infrastructure , US energy & amp ; affordable/high-quality healthcare # RetailAdvocates https : //t.co/ojjFKCq8Xt
Inaction is not an option .
Congress needs to step up .
Congress needs to do their job – and they need to do it now . https : //t.co/d8nBFIMsp7
The Senate passed the same bill in 2015 and sent it to the President 's desk - and they should do it again .
. @ POTUS & amp ; I fully support @ SenateMajLdr 's decision to move forward with a bill that just repeals ObamaCare https : //t.co/WcSjNMMswn
. @ POTUS & amp ; I are grateful for efforts of @ SenateMajLdr & amp ; the vast majority of GOP who ’ ve worked hard in House & amp ; Senate to keep their promise . https : //t.co/fnCjYCfaqN
. @ POTUS Donald Trump has been fighting to restore jobs and opportunity and prosperity in our country . # RetailAdvocates https : //t.co/XYlfYjibOx
WATCH LIVE ! I ’ m speaking with @ NRFnews at their 2017 Retail Advocates Summit - & gt ; https : //t.co/lJNvyfu6j5 # retailadvocates https : //t.co/yFlVhP59gl
Since day one , we ’ ve taken decisive action to promote and protect what @ POTUS Trump calls those three beautiful words : # MadeInAmerica . https : //t.co/XsgxbcYIZx
Well said @ POTUS . We must keep our promise to end the Obamacare nightmare . Repeal now and replace later . Inaction is not an option . https : //t.co/TVws3DoVSU
Today I welcomed Serbian President Aleksandar Vučić to the @ WhiteHouse to deepen the partnership between our countries . https : //t.co/kgoG7TgMz3
. @ POTUS Trump will never compromise the safety and security of the Jewish state of Israel . Not now , not ever . # cufidc https : //t.co/wsnQZ2svvZ
. @ POTUS Trump and I stand with Israel for the same reason every freedom-loving American stands with Israel . # cufidc https : //t.co/ho7g6boy1v
Just last month , President Trump made a historic visit to Israel - one of the very first countries our President has visited . # cufidc https : //t.co/nEzOuIeVtq
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at the @ CUFI Washington Summit tonight - & gt ; https : //t.co/JcQl3Yk1xc # cufidc https : //t.co/q1vMGZQaYk
. @ POTUS & amp ; I support a Right to Try law b/c it will give families like the Mongiello 's hope & amp ; a fighting chance . We 're going to get this done https : //t.co/gJ6j28jKSC
You mean like , `` If you like your doctor , you can keep your doctor. '' ? 🤥 https : //t.co/GUpFKhe7pz
Enjoyed welcoming American businesses from all 50 states to the @ WhiteHouse w/ @ POTUS to celebrate # MadeInAmerica Week . https : //t.co/IvIWxK1zbP
We ’ ll continue to fight to ensure the U.S continues to make the best machines , grow the best food & amp ; design the best tech . # MadeInAmerica
Thanks to @ POTUS Trump 's leadership , American manufacturers haven ’ t been this optimistic in 20 years . # MadeInAmerica
Our @ POTUS knows that America is a nation of dreamers and doers – a nation of producers and growers and makers . # MadeInAmerica https : //t.co/tVAwtJXeLl
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ POTUS participates in the # MadeInAmerica Showcase : https : //t.co/XXrPffUsUM https : //t.co/UXZAa2dTum
American manufacturers haven ’ t been this optimistic in 20 years . Looking forward to the # MadeInAmerica Showcase w/ @ POTUS later today . https : //t.co/IHwo041nCd
This week is Captive Nations Week . As @ POTUS said , `` We stand w/ all people ... who are fighting for liberty & amp ; justice '' https : //t.co/hcnN55Qb37 https : //t.co/fmXwriXHgw
One year ago today , @ realDonaldTrump announced me as his choice for @ VP . Thank you , Mr. President for taking us on this journey to # MAGA ! 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/xRJxRWaaOF
In this week 's address @ POTUS said , `` Obamacare has wreaked havoc on American lives . If we do n't replace it the calamity will only get worse '' https : //t.co/AAvvjuFmd5
Really appreciate the chance to get into the details on healthcare reform w/ @ GovWalker & amp ; @ GovSandoval . Two great governors ! https : //t.co/JEH2mGru2F
Thanks to @ NatlGovsAssoc for the opportunity to speak about the # RepealAndReplace of Obamacare . Now is the time - this is the moment . https : //t.co/ToQ1OXIJN0
Great talking healthcare reform at the @ NatlGovsAssoc today w/ three great governors , @ BillHaslam , @ dougducey & amp ; @ AsaHutchinson . Thanks guys ! https : //t.co/ch5fMtbzw3
Met w/ PM @ JustinTrudeau & amp ; on behalf of @ POTUS discussed US/Canada 's strong relationship & amp ; our shared commitment to update & amp ; modernize NAFTA https : //t.co/0G3eVq8mKJ
We 're saving Medicaid for the sake of our most vulnerable & amp ; providing all Americans w/ access to high-quality , affordable health insurance . https : //t.co/I5hY6QgVHI
Let me be clear : The Senate health-care bill strengthens and secures Medicaid for the neediest in our society . # BetterCare https : //t.co/rThIZtB9zi
. @ POTUS & amp ; I believe the Senate health-care bill puts America back on the path to better , more affordable health care , for all Americans . https : //t.co/zdG7MNRcNT
The stories behind Obamacare 's failures are heartbreaking - and they 're not the exception , they 're the rule . # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/vU3QUwE5Fn
This is about caring for the least among us & amp ; it ’ s about doing the right thing . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/zdpKtwRXf9
Let me be clear : @ POTUS & amp ; I believe the Senate health-care bill strengthens & amp ; secures Medicaid for the neediest in our society . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/oCjUWRgvok
As Govs , you know how to create the innovative solutions to address the unique health-care needs of the people in your states . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/1mJDWhsQgw
The Senate health-care bill puts America back on the path to better , more affordable health care , for all Americans . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/oKV3DkQGJx
. @ POTUS Trump and I believe the Senate health-care bill is the right bill at the right time to begin the end of ObamaCare . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/G0688jnk1Q
Senate leadership has unveiled a new version of the health-care bill & amp ; @ POTUS & amp ; I urge every member of the Sen. to support it . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/ux5umVbuyo
While Obamacare costs are skyrocketing , choices are plummeting . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/LLbSty4keb
The truth is that ObamaCare is imploding all across this country , & amp ; working families & amp ; small businesses are paying the price . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/povc9CLiRD
And @ POTUS Trump has taken decisive action to put America back to work and get our economy moving again . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/WDM4paWNnT
The truth is that America ’ s Governors have a friend in @ POTUS Trump & amp ; his agenda will strengthen every state in the country . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/nRLsMtWMZw
. @ POTUS sent me & amp ; members of our Cabinet to reaffirm our admin ’ s commitment to partner w/ you to advance security & amp ; prosperity # WeTheStates
It 's an honor to speak to the @ NatlGovsAssoc on behalf of @ POTUS , who 's fighting to restore power to the states & amp ; the people . # WeTheStates
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking about the need to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare w/ Governors at the @ NatlGovsAssoc : https : //t.co/CI7EEfTc8J # WeTheStates https : //t.co/7XaCzVWFkH
Well said , Mr. President . Our prayers are with the people of Nice . https : //t.co/MMd1Bwliwi
. @ SecPriceMD , @ SeemaCMS , Budget Director Mulvaney & amp ; I are aboard AFII & amp ; on our way to discuss # RepealAndReplace of Obamacare w/ U.S Govs . https : //t.co/Yx5iqaeHoR
RT @ PressSec : . @ POTUS was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Nobel Peace Prize laureate and prominent Chinese political prisoner Li…
Meeting w/ Govs later to discuss # RepealAndReplace efforts . We will keep our promise & amp ; give the U.S. people a world-class healthcare system . https : //t.co/KtGQfzCAM7
Looking forward to discussing Senate 's healthcare # bettercare with nation 's governors at the @ NatlGovsAssoc in Rhode Island . # WeTheStates https : //t.co/sBtyfn8YSy
In Kentucky yesterday I reaffirmed @ POTUS ' promise to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . KY 's a case study of Obamacare ’ s failures & amp ; it must go . https : //t.co/pQ0WU3RYgu
Hosted Pres . Ronald Reagan 's Attorney General Ed Meese at the @ WhiteHouse earlier - appreciated hearing his thoughts & amp ; insights . https : //t.co/cJx5bsS4U8
W/ Senate Republicans we 'll begin the end of Obamacare & amp ; give Americans the world-class health care they deserve . https : //t.co/dXBvsQmwIQ
. @ POTUS Trump & amp ; I believe the Senate bill represents the beginning of the end of Obamacare . # BetterCare https : //t.co/JmTrAhYtbj
Enjoyed hosting the @ PhilanthropyRnd at the @ WhiteHouse - thanked them for their tremendous contributions to the fabric of our nat'l life . https : //t.co/DUwMBYY0Qb
TUNE IN ! I 'm meeting with philanthropic leaders from around the nation at the @ WhiteHouse - & gt ; https : //t.co/qvHFJNxC45 https : //t.co/5XgRsikLKg
. @ POTUS & amp ; I cont . to work w/ Cong . on # RepealAndReplace . Applaud @ SenateMajLdr & amp ; Senate 's progress to achieve # bettercare for all Americans .
Back at Capitol w/ @ SpeakerRyan & amp ; @ cathymcmorris & amp ; said hello to visitors . @ POTUS & amp ; I are working for a stronger US for all Americans . https : //t.co/McolQIRull
Thanks Kentucky & amp ; @ GovMattBevin ! Enjoyed my visit , & amp ; as I said , @ POTUS & amp ; I will not rest & amp ; not relent until we # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . https : //t.co/D0PpdeyAac
RT @ realDonaldTrump : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! # MAGA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/HScS4Y9ZJK
. @ POTUS is focused on ending the horrific practice of human trafficking . Read his statement on passage of House bills below . # EndTrafficking https : //t.co/Ynn6LKc9hL
Kentucky is a case study in Obamacare ’ s implosion & amp ; the remarkable thing is that many states have it even worse . # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/txIiSUEbVR
Obamacare choices are declining because health insurers are abandoning this failed law left and right . # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/M2PBA5n77L
. @ POTUS has taken decisive action to deliver on the promises he made to the people of Kentucky & amp ; to the people all across this country . https : //t.co/bC6S1ccL4Y
This is the moment . Now is the time . It 's time for Congress to step up and # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . https : //t.co/ApXK8gwM0E
The truth is that every day ObamaCare survives is another day America suffers . But do n't worry , Kentucky : Help is on the way . https : //t.co/AbcYkihTw3
Nearly 50 percent of the Bluegrass State - 59 out of 120 Kentucky counties - will have only one insurer to choose from .
Here in Kentucky , the average premium on the individual market has spiked by a staggering 75 % in just the past four years . # VPinKY https : //t.co/qPaZ8bUbAo
You all remember the broken promises they made to get ObamaCare passed . # VPinKY https : //t.co/ckGSYY2Q8N
It ’ s prosperity , it ’ s security & amp ; it ’ s strengthening America at home & amp ; abroad . @ POTUS has done that & amp ; more & amp ; it ’ s only been 6 months . # VPinKY https : //t.co/h7HJ3LtLf5
With the leadership of their Commander-in-Chief , our Armed Forces are fighting radical Islamic terrorism on our terms , on their soil # VPinKY https : //t.co/TkFnCVNA5q
Serving with him every day , I know : @ POTUS Trump has no higher priority than the safety and the security of the American people . # VPinKY https : //t.co/HhK3rgxoXQ
We are witnessing @ POTUS Donald Trump stand without apology as the leader of the free world . # VPinKY https : //t.co/dhYtMz9g1K
Since Day One of our admin. , @ POTUS has taken decisive action to deliver on the promises he made to the men & amp ; women of Kentucky . # VPinKY https : //t.co/vEgNSfUx4N
Let me make you a promise : @ POTUS Donald Trump is the best friend American small business will ever have . # VPinKY https : //t.co/Jl7W9ZQALg
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking in Kentucky about the need to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare - & gt ; https : //t.co/7oNniH64DG # VPinKY https : //t.co/3v1cBWnu0g
I 'm in Kentucky meeting w/ job creators to discuss how @ POTUS & amp ; our administration are working to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . # VPinKY https : //t.co/Ua66nrTRbU
RT @ WhiteHouse : The Congressional Budget Office 's math does n't add up .

Faulty Numbers = Faulty Results https : //t.co/zdf4bZ01ma
RT @ SecondLady : Truly enjoyed my first visit inside the Pentagon . Amazing work in the Art in Healing Exhibit . Thank you , Sec . Mattis for th…
Spoke w/ @ NSLCleaders this morning & amp ; I told them we ’ re seeing the bold leadership of @ POTUS on the world stage . https : //t.co/Kj7CW1gD64
Thanks to @ POTUS ' leadership we ’ re in the midst of a great national renewal . We ’ re seeing a return of security & amp ; prosperity . # NSLCleaders https : //t.co/bgrcsYpXhA
Thanks to @ POTUS ' leadership & amp ; looking out across this room , I truly believe that America 's future is brighter than ever before # NSLCleaders https : //t.co/rX9HPBZCLy
Here at home , our @ POTUS has been fighting since Day One to get our economy moving again and put America back to work . # NSLCleaders https : //t.co/Gtt2qdjTaP
. @ POTUS has taken decisive action to protect our nation in this time of widening challenges and unknowable threats . # NSLCleaders https : //t.co/FS8hIZhaQF
At this very moment , we are seeing the bold leadership of this American president on the world stage . # NSLCleaders https : //t.co/Ni3oeAVyvO
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at the @ NSLCleaders Conference this morning - & gt ; https : //t.co/llqVbk4gIE # NSLCleaders https : //t.co/tUWR0Ld3Ca
Many Media & amp ; Dems will try to stop us but now more than ever we owe the American people to continue to deliver what @ POTUS & amp ; I campaigned on https : //t.co/gXyApIzy4s
Heading to Kentucky tomorrow to meet with small business owners & amp ; local job creators about the need to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . # VPinKY https : //t.co/TVLv9l0xno
Was @ Capitol today to advance @ POTUS ' agenda , working w/ @ SenateMajLdr to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . In KY tomorrow to discuss healthcare https : //t.co/TiwwK6Ujg4
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking . Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all !
Karen & amp ; I are praying for the families of the Marines who lost their lives . These Marines will be in our hearts . https : //t.co/IQw2JhM1OX
Met w/ PM @ YoCh_Official to reaffirm U.S support for Tunisia as it strengthens its security capacity , econ reforms & amp ; democratic institutions https : //t.co/vzHwrW8tS2
. @ ssgtravismills visited the @ WhiteHouse and shared his incredible & amp ; inspiring story w/ @ POTUS and me . Thank you for your bravery & amp ; service . https : //t.co/hi2Y5i1muN
Obamacare has been a tremendous burden on families & amp ; small biz & amp ; @ POTUS & amp ; I are determined to repeal this failed law https : //t.co/7eBDEV5pAg
Americans who want to see health care reform built on freedom should let their voices be heard & amp ; we can # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . https : //t.co/X772mpiODt
RT @ WhiteHouse : FACT : from Aug 2016 to Apr 2017 , 46 % of those who canceled # Obamacare coverage before paying said they did so because of th…
Every single promise that President Obama made to get Obamacare passed has been broken . # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/vOxu2B131B
The time has come to repeal and replace Obamacare and with the support of the American people ... I believe we ’ re going to do it . https : //t.co/ZegFZtnk9a
In call w/ Greek PM @ Tsipras_EU , I reaffirmed enduring ties w/ Greece & amp ; congratulated him on its progress toward recovering from econ crisis https : //t.co/CeafRn8fhp
Spoke to Macedonian PM @ Zoran_Zaev today to congratulate him on new position ; looking forward to seeing him at Adriatic Charter Summit . https : //t.co/rnl3QrmYlS
Talking w/ @ rushlimbaugh at 2:05 PM re @ POTUS ' trip to Poland & amp ; Germany & amp ; our efforts to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare https : //t.co/QBnET1ucyD https : //t.co/uqh6rKjnFw
The ceasefire in Syria is an important , historic step forward to bringing an end to the extraordinary violence & amp ; loss of life in that region https : //t.co/IDdiks4d9t
The Warsaw speech delivered a decisive message that we stand w/ our allies & amp ; are prepared to stand & amp ; defend the West https : //t.co/HeHRVDwYoS
It 's refreshing to the American people to see a @ POTUS that is stepping onto the world stage & amp ; putting our interests , people & amp ; economy first https : //t.co/Ul8MSaPNpL
What the American people saw at his speech in Poland & amp ; in G20 was @ POTUS stepping onto the world stage w/ strength & amp ; conviction & amp ; clarity . https : //t.co/K57pLY53Jm
If you want to see Congress # RepealAndReplace Obamacare , now is the time to let your voice be heard . https : //t.co/8togrziXWC
TUNE IN ! I 'll be on the Laura Ingraham Show this morning at 9:05 AM EST : https : //t.co/BcRmhHRDSd https : //t.co/zLRSm4SxW9
In this week 's address , @ POTUS said , `` Every other nation on earth protects its own interests . America is finally going to do the same . '' https : //t.co/y8R7YHBjVw
RT @ WhiteHouse : # POTUSatG20 in Photos : https : //t.co/Aa8thAbZzm https : //t.co/dR4ET7WPai
Have a safe trip home @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS ! Congrats on another successful trip . Great leadership on the world stage . https : //t.co/UmgLaRMNVi
Thanks @ RoyBlunt for joining @ SeemaCMS @ SecretaryZinke & amp ; me on ride thru Rock Creek Park & amp ; thanks to @ usparkpolicepio for your work everyday https : //t.co/rWSM0Gyznh
. @ POTUS is transforming our space policy to seize the opportunities of the 21st century & amp ; unleash the infinite potential of the cosmos . https : //t.co/jGytTFUwAt
RT @ marcorubio : In fairness , I warned @ VP that `` you break it , you own it '' https : //t.co/X5ROcnDVCd
Thanks @ NASA ! https : //t.co/8yBNjXOpBu
Okay ... so this is n't exactly the first time this has happened . https : //t.co/6Y7b3UlJXe
Sorry @ NASA ... @ MarcoRubio dared me to do it ! https : //t.co/qIYtKOPyFh
Since day 1 , @ POTUS Trump has been rolling back federal regulations & amp ; cutting red tape . His agenda continues to strengthen our economy . https : //t.co/u33T3zpQZ1
Thanks @ NASAKennedy for hosting us yesterday . As I said , @ POTUS & amp ; I are committed to ensuring that America leads in space once again # VPinFL https : //t.co/aKowQ8Xb3t
ICYMI : Spoke w/ @ IngrahamAngle on @ POTUS reaffirming U.S. commitment to be the leader of the free world . https : //t.co/deUhwcsPr0
Tune in to @ FoxNews at 10 pm EST ➡️ I 'm talking about @ POTUS ' trip to Poland and Germany with @ IngrahamAngle tonight on Hannity . https : //t.co/Qr7vzly08S
ICYMI : Visited @ NASAKennedy earlier today to highlight @ POTUS ' relaunch of our National Space Council . # VPinFL ⚡️
https : //t.co/QBRWaXZpul
Glad to have Sen. Rubio travel w/ us on Air Force II as we visited @ NASAKennedy today to discuss @ POTUS ' relaunch of Space Council . # VPinFL https : //t.co/rHOgwWT7ca
Toured the Neil Armstrong Operations & amp ; Checkout Building at @ NASAKennedy , the heart & amp ; soul of our nation ’ s space program . # VPinFL https : //t.co/u5hCkFl1ZE
RT @ SBAList : Thank you , @ POTUS . https : //t.co/F6R5iS9Zjy # CharlieGard
RT @ CWforA : Prayer and Press conference for # CharlieGard Thank you @ POTUS @ VP for leading our nation & amp ; the world in # CharliesFight for life…
Appreciated meeting some of the incredible astronauts at @ NASAKennedy that will help usher in a new era of American space leadership # VPinFL https : //t.co/MiAWRSXU2C
Under the strong vision & amp ; leadership of @ POTUS Trump , I know America will lead in space once again . # VPinFL https : //t.co/68KGt1nJG2
I know with confidence that we will reach new heights of American leadership in the boundless expanse of space . # VPinFL https : //t.co/EudVTInU8A
We will enhance our common defense and advance the security of the American people . # VPinFL
We will inspire our children to seek education in science , technology , engineering , and math . # VPinFL
We will strengthen our economy , as we unlock new opportunities , new technologies , and new sources of prosperity . # VPinFL https : //t.co/lIknP9fPD5
Under the leadership of @ POTUS , the United States of America will usher in a new era of space leadership . # VPinFL https : //t.co/Kvv4mpcgMP
We will return our nation to the moon – we will go to Mars – and we will go still further , to places we can only imagine . # VPinFL https : //t.co/POEdWYXeQX
Under @ POTUS ' leadership & amp ; w/ the guidance of the National Space Council we will tap into the bottomless well of American innovation # VPinFL https : //t.co/zamShJejTc
Our National Space Council will reenergize our pioneering spirit & amp ; restore our confidence that we can & amp ; will achieve the impossible . # VPinFL https : //t.co/SejG2qQVsX
Last Friday , @ POTUS relaunched the National Space Council – to guide a new era of space leadership by the United States . # VPinFL
. @ POTUS has a deep appreciation for the vital work NASA does . # VPinFL https : //t.co/ImgnAot6zZ
Just last week @ POTUS declared that America is “ going to be leading ” in exploration and discovery “ like we ’ ve never led before. ” # VPinFL https : //t.co/xmzY1CcV7U
With this @ POTUS it ’ s always about leadership ... In Poland today we were reminded that the President is the leader of the free world . # VPinFL https : //t.co/l8uXCJ3bP2
RT @ realDonaldTrump : THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN . Our values will PREVAIL . Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH ! http…
TUNE IN ! I 'm at @ NASAKennedy to speak about the National Space Council that @ POTUS just relaunched last week : https : //t.co/K8qo1VOoYp https : //t.co/N6NpPc6Cxx
Landed in Florida . Good to see @ NASA 's Robert Lightfoot & amp ; @ NASAKennedy leadership at the airport with Senator Rubio . # VPinFL https : //t.co/2Q5WN2dPB9
. @ POTUS this morning : `` Our own fight for the West does not begin on the battlefield - it begins with our minds , our wills & amp ; our souls . '' https : //t.co/8MsEcbG4BX
Spoke to ROC President @ AnastasiadesCY and Turkish Cypriot Leader @ MustafaAkinci_1 to urge them to reach a historic settlement for Cyprus .
. @ POTUS today in Poland : Americans know that a strong alliance of free , sovereign & amp ; independent nations is the best defense for our freedoms https : //t.co/qmxg8c1hvS
Historic speech in Poland by the Leader of the Free World . Congratulations Mr. President ! https : //t.co/7bkdFBMVZc # POTUSinPoland
RT @ foxandfriends : . @ VPPressSec : For the 14 states not complying with the voter commission , what are they trying to hide ? Or is this just p…
Looking forward to visiting @ NASAKennedy tomorrow to discuss @ POTUS relaunching the National Space Council . Follow along using # VPinFL . https : //t.co/NIMK1yiwX3
Met pro-life leaders at @ WhiteHouse & amp ; reaffirmed @ POTUS ' commitment to the sanctity of life as we work on the Obamacare repeal/replace plan . https : //t.co/kbr3cEEOFG
`` Real news '' - & gt ; 36 states have agreed or are considering providing publicly available voter data to @ POTUS Election Integrity Commission . https : //t.co/qVUxH9rym9
Happy 152nd birthday to the @ SecretService - thank you for serving your nation and for sacrificing to keep us safe . https : //t.co/hq5xcCRmta
Hope everyone had a restful 4th of July . We enjoyed seeing so many patriotic Americans . Perfect end to day watching fireworks w/ @ SecondLady https : //t.co/OINGpFjcar
Grateful to watch the D.C. Fireworks with friends , family , wounded warriors , veterans , & amp ; members of our military at the Capitol . Happy 4th ! https : //t.co/gi3mEj3Vkg
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # HappyIndependenceDay # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/9pfqnRsh1Z
Karen and I are looking forward to continuing America 's Independence Day celebration with the Washington DC fireworks later tonight . https : //t.co/bpSh2mNiyt
. @ POTUS Trump , all the American people , & amp ; I are grateful for the courageous service of our Armed Forces . They are heroes all . Patriots , all . https : //t.co/GyZ3l3mw63
Such an honor to join @ POTUS , @ FLOTUS , & amp ; @ SecondLady in welcoming military families to the @ WhiteHouse ! Thanks all for your service . https : //t.co/laJcIZFvqJ
Fun seeing so many at MI parade . Karen & amp ; I met Lurene who 's turning 104 & amp ; signed birthday poster for a little girl born on July 4th # VPinMI https : //t.co/q9Nvd9HUOQ
HUGE crowd with overwhelming support for @ POTUS Trump today in MI ! Thanks to all who turned out for Grandville 's July 4th parade ! # VPinMI https : //t.co/c8MCrZZNCA
And thank you to all those who have fought and continue to defend the liberty and freedom we celebrate today . # VPinMI https : //t.co/KhnhOY6N5t
Thanks to all in Grandville for a patriotic 4th of July parade . Karen & amp ; I loved visiting . Happy Independence Day ! # VPinMI https : //t.co/aJhGyKlMe1
Just arrived in Grand Rapids . Picture-perfect day in West Michigan for a 4th of July parade . Let 's thank all who protect our freedom # VPinMI https : //t.co/02DdK7lDDZ
Karen & amp ; I are looking forward to walking in the Grandville Independence Day Parade later today ! # VPinMI https : //t.co/F315g9CEpg
241 years ago , our Founders lit the flame of freedom . Today we celebrate & amp ; thank those who preserve that freedom . Happy Independence Day ! https : //t.co/uIyDcI7r7U
RT @ realDonaldTrump : If we can help little # CharlieGard , as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope , we would be delighted to do so .
In this week 's address @ POTUS discussed Kate 's Law & amp ; No Sanctuary for Criminals Act & amp ; said that he is committed to protecting American lives https : //t.co/G4wEEBJIRp
This Independence Day Weekend , we remember & amp ; honor all who stand tall for liberty & amp ; freedom -- like Marcus & amp ; Morgan Luttrell . https : //t.co/3ps5kOv66F
Karen and I wish all Americans a safe and happy Independence Day weekend . Let freedom ring ! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 https : //t.co/6nolhVFU83
RT @ realDonaldTrump : America will THINK BIG once again . We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American sp…
Honored to chat w/ astronauts Buzz Aldrin & amp ; Indiana 's own David Wolf after @ POTUS announced he 's relaunching the National Space Council . https : //t.co/adniJpVAkf
So grateful to lead @ POTUS ' National Space Council . Under Pres . Trump , American leadership in space will strengthen the American spirit . https : //t.co/QwH2NXrnY8
We will inspire our children to seek education in science , technology , engineering , and math .
We will enhance our common defense and advance the security of the American people .
By @ POTUS ' action , we will strengthen our economy , as we unlock new opportunities , new technologies , and new sources of prosperity .
I ’ m honored and frankly enthusiastic about the role @ POTUS has asked me to play in renewing our nation ’ s commitment to space . https : //t.co/deAukbZzh7
Today , @ POTUS Donald Trump will take one more step to ensure that America leads again in the final frontier of space . https : //t.co/yJltTZajNu
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I am encouraged by President Moon 's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers , busi…
. @ POTUS & amp ; I were pleased to have Pres . Moon Jae-in at the @ WhiteHouse to discuss U.S./S . Korean friendship , the N. Korean threat , & amp ; trade . https : //t.co/2MO8cxh3F5
I join @ POTUS in applauding House for their action to protect U.S. lives . As POTUS said we `` must put the safety of American families first . '' https : //t.co/3lKAzRmWDI
Thank you to all who fought to protect freedom & amp ; liberty during the Korean War . We are forever grateful for your service . https : //t.co/CVF7BWnsX5
S. Korean President Moon Jae-in & amp ; I paid tribute to the veterans of the Korean War at a wreath-laying ceremony at the Korean War Memorial https : //t.co/zj5ItnSyzE
. @ POTUS Trump & amp ; I will not rest & amp ; will not relent until we # RepealAndReplace this failed law & amp ; end the Obamacare nightmare once & amp ; for all . https : //t.co/lTCrXFxoLl
. @ POTUS knows that America needs all of our nation ’ s energy resources to power our homes , our economy & amp ; our future . # EnergyDominance https : //t.co/doFjlQ2pRB
Under the leadership of @ POTUS coal mines are actually opening in America and the War on Coal is over . # EnergyDominance # EnergyWeek https : //t.co/Wtk5QovdVw
Since Day 1 , @ POTUS has taken decisive action to unlock the unlimited potential of America 's energy resources . # EnergyDominance # EnergyWeek https : //t.co/BL2js43Si2
Welcome to a new era of Amer . energy , a new era in Amer . # energydominance & amp ; welcome to an era defined by the pro-energy leadership of @ POTUS
Back at the Capitol this afternoon meeting with several Senators who continue to work hard to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/8BBsxkhCl0
The bill in the Senate will # RepealAndReplace Obamacare & amp ; sets us on a path to a healthcare system built on freedom , choice & amp ; affordability https : //t.co/7J0CHHErVq
Obamacare ’ s collapsing , and this failed policy is taking working families down with it . # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/9hEjjIA0Iy
Was such a pleasure to meet Barbara & amp ; Teeba Marlowe in Cleveland . Inspiring to talk w/ them . See their story https : //t.co/J8o7tfpN19 # VPinOH
Thanks to those in Ohio who shared their Obamacare struggles . Back to DC where @ POTUS & amp ; I 'll keep working to repeal this failed law . # VPinOH https : //t.co/n7eAARjLfu
Thanks , @ TendonMFG , for hosting us . I promise , @ POTUS & amp ; I will not rest & amp ; will not relent until we repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare . # VPinOH https : //t.co/hjL2ogMs4A
Thank you , @ TendonMFG ! Enjoyed meeting with & amp ; hearing from the hardworking men and women of Ohio ! # VPinOH https : //t.co/ABbmttuLCI
We will create a dynamic national health-insurance market with lower costs , higher quality , and more choices for working families . # VPinOH https : //t.co/f9Lq8lrQ0c
Just a few days ago , at the @ WhiteHouse , I met with a couple of Ohio families who have suffered a great deal under ObamaCare . # VPinOH https : //t.co/AcbHgX8HnF
Ohio is a case study in ObamaCare ’ s collapse – and this failed policy is taking working families down with it . # VPinOH https : //t.co/2BGlnYokR5
Here in Ohio , ObamaCare has spiked premiums on the individual market by nearly 90 % in the past few years & amp ; it ’ s only getting worse . # VPinOH https : //t.co/xxZrBbKvgy
The truth of the matter is that every day ObamaCare survives is another day America suffers . # VPinOH # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/G5i0AnvDEN
. @ POTUS Trump has turned our country around – and America is back . # VPinOH https : //t.co/MoXuMAkZri
Confidence is back – manufacturing is back ... Since day one , @ POTUS Trump has been fighting tirelessly for manufacturers . # VPinOH https : //t.co/tmlUUtctPZ
. @ POTUS Trump knows just how important manufacturing is to our nation ’ s success and our people ’ s prosperity . # VPinOH https : //t.co/Ol2J2QtzTx
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at @ TendonMFG . Listening to more stories on negatives impact of Obamacare beforehand : https : //t.co/e5zispmOQ8 # VPinOH https : //t.co/gbvQ4HJBDU
Arrived in Ohio and having a conversation w/ job creators about the need to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare : https : //t.co/AzTnLs7joj # VPinOH https : //t.co/45tDw8vdfA
Thank you to Todd and Tom Ricketts and the @ Cubs for stopping by the @ WhiteHouse & amp ; for the new jersey ! Go , Cubs , Go ! https : //t.co/oVNVWr1rOk
Going to OH to hear the voices & amp ; real stories of those struggling w/ Obamacare 's rising costs & amp ; plummeting choices # VPinOH # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/WIRLixAAqo
`` I ’ ve heard over the past 8 years affordable healthcare for everyone . I do n't know who 'everyone ' is , but it wasn ’ t me . '' -Connie Mays , Ohio https : //t.co/yga1ZsjMP4
`` The whole , 'If you like your plan you can keep it , ' I would say that 's a joke but it 's no laughing matter . '' -Marjorie Weer , South Carolina https : //t.co/dyWgJFNDoJ
`` [ Those ] w/ physical & amp ; cognitive disorders who get help from Medicaid are being cut out as we expand Obamacare . '' -Christine Chalkey , IL https : //t.co/KiMqCcHJj5
`` This means so much to us , you have no idea . We 've lost our providers..These are real life issues . '' -Melissa Ackison , Ohio # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/LNoFYUSHrQ
`` Get rid of Obamacare ... It 's hurting a lot of people . And there 's no recourse for anybody . '' -Chris McCullough , Louisiana https : //t.co/RbcrZeiyS1
RT @ WhiteHouse : FACT : average premiums on the individual market are up 105 % since 2013 – an increase of nearly $ 3K a year for the average A…
These hard working men & amp ; women are the real life stories behind Obamacare 's disastrous numbers . Their voices must be heard # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/ACMxjgzPNy
RT @ VPPressSec : On @ FoxNews : Just because you have an Obamacare card does n't mean you have insurance if you ca n't afford it & amp ; no doctor tak…
VIDEO : @ POTUS knows that the U.S/India relationship is one of our most important strategic relationships . # usibc42 https : //t.co/FZmJ2LUvQr
This is an exciting time between the U.S & amp ; India . As @ POTUS said , the `` future of our partnership has never looked brighter . '' # USIBC42 https : //t.co/JkruqGtJ7m
We will usher in a new era of jobs , opportunity , and prosperity - for both our countries , and for all our people . # USIBC42 https : //t.co/T5v09Co2UI
The bottom line is that the United States and India can deepen our commercial bond in many industries and areas . # USIBC42 https : //t.co/jg93ZmcY9n
The truth is that @ POTUS Trump 's actions will give Indian companies record opportunities to invest in America . # USIBC42 https : //t.co/2sJsPRBthr
. @ POTUS Trump has already taken decisive action to make the strongest economy in the world stronger still . # USIBC42 https : //t.co/MNbMiQFMaF
Yesterday , @ POTUS Trump & amp ; PM @ narendramodi committed to expanding and balancing our trade relationship in the years ahead . # usibc42 https : //t.co/g7v7f7KaKE
. @ POTUS recognizes that the U.S ' relationship with India is one of our most important strategic relationships in the 21st Century . # usibc42 https : //t.co/Sbp0i980ZH
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at the U.S.-India Business Council 's 42nd Annual Leadership Summit : https : //t.co/PlE9KTu9OC https : //t.co/98BiL8KVZi
Also talked w/ Connie Mays about Obamacare . She said , `` Please , please we 've got to get [ Obamacare ] changed . We 've got to get through this . '' https : //t.co/aK3VPLD3sT
The Ackisons of OH were forced to enroll in an overpriced Obamacare plan w/ a sky high deductible & amp ; they could n't even keep their doctor . https : //t.co/cyCDKY4864
Erin Witzig 's daughter has a rare condition . Discussing Obamacare she said , `` Insurance should bring peace of mind . It 's doing the opposite . '' https : //t.co/QKigA27qtB
Julie Champine of WI told me , `` Our premiums have skyrocketed . Our deductibles are off the charts ... That 's Obamacare . '' That 's unacceptable . https : //t.co/UHkyEBmYsE
Privilege for @ POTUS & amp ; me to meet PM of India @ narendramodi at @ WhiteHouse . As Pres Trump said our 2 nations are tied together in friendship https : //t.co/YP3aRk7Tmw
Today I heard from real people hurt by Obamacare - they could n't keep their doctor or plan & amp ; their premiums skyrocketed . Obamacare must go . https : //t.co/VuvvAfspCO
WATCH LIVE ! @ SeemaCMS & amp ; I will hear directly from families who have been negatively impacted by Obamacare : https : //t.co/3IM2Qb1WSg https : //t.co/nLv1BG9eW8
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court . We must keep America SAFE !
. @ POTUS said top priority is to keep the American people safe . As he said today 's SCOTUS ruling is a `` clear victory for our nat'l security . '' https : //t.co/0GURHQCBne
RT @ SecondLady : ICYMI : Great visit with spouses and base personnel at @ SchrieverAFB in Colorado . Grateful for their support of our military…
Real people who 're facing a real health care crisis- people like Julie Champine- will share their story later today : https : //t.co/a6GiJ6QEjs https : //t.co/Lvi8ZKS77e
. @ SecPriceMD is right : `` By its very own standards , the so-called Affordable Care Act has failed . '' Read more in the @ DeseretNews . https : //t.co/YBN2cts5CR
Thanks again to @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS for hosting the Congressional Picnic on Thursday evening . https : //t.co/if7Wh09qJD
RT @ DeptofDefense : Thousands applied .
Few made it .
Meet the service members who are among @ NASA ’ s newest astronaut candidates : https : //t.co…
. @ POTUS & amp ; I will not rest and we will not relent until we repeal and replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/DakrpLfC1Q
In this week 's address @ POTUS said `` if we do n't act millions more Americans will be hurt by Obamacare 's deepening death spiral '' & amp ; he 's right https : //t.co/nDENqlUsdm
Spoke to wife of injured Colorado Springs motorcycle officer . So relieved his injuries not life-threatening . Will keep him in our prayers . https : //t.co/2xLsqIEtWb
RT @ POTUS : # Obamacare 's taxes , mandates , & amp ; penalties are simply unaffordable . Americans deserve better . https : //t.co/ZTP2uTDlLe
Thank you Colorado Springs for a great visit . Next stop Chicago . https : //t.co/2RQXAQI9VP
Freedom , personal responsibility , free market competition & amp ; state-based reform : that 's the American way to meet our healthcare needs # VPinCO https : //t.co/yjiFn38U7B
ICYMI : I spoke w/ @ FocusFamily and said @ POTUS will continue to stand w/out apology for persecuted people of faith across the globe . # VPinCO https : //t.co/kzoyyltQDT
An honor for Karen & amp ; me to meet w/ the brave men & amp ; women of the @ usairforce while visiting CO. We are all grateful for their service # VPinCO https : //t.co/vhKeTo1cBN
Karen & amp ; I toured the Cheyenne Mountain Complex , alternate Command Center for NORAD/NORTHCOM , w/ members of our Armed Forces . # VPinCO https : //t.co/isgnZDDiCv
Historic moment at National Space Defense Center earlier - became the first Vice President to issue a command to a GPS satellite . # VPinCO https : //t.co/z5GIkgwWje
Received a briefing on the mission of the National Space Defense Center . Thank you for your hard work in defense of our nation . # VPinCO https : //t.co/UQq0SkGLdt
The American people pray every day for God 's protection on @ SchrieverAFB as you serve and defend our nation and our freedom . # VPinCO
Those who wear the uniform of the United States are the bulwark of American freedom . # VPinCO https : //t.co/GqA2jw76vx
Under @ POTUS your mission will be more important than ever ... your work in the depths of space & amp ; cyberspace is crucial to our safety # VPinCO
. @ POTUS will soon relaunch the National Space Council & amp ; it will be my great honor , as Vice President , to serve as Chairman . # VPinCO https : //t.co/2XTY4xA8HR
At @ SchrieverAFB , the 50th Space Wing operates the space & amp ; cyber systems that keep us one step ahead of all who would do us harm . # VPinCO
Your President and the American people could not be more proud of all of you at @ SchrieverAFB . # VPinCO https : //t.co/ItHzOjTo6i
TUNE IN ! Honored to be speaking with the troops at @ SchrieverAFB in Colorado ▶️ https : //t.co/jguhFQGtI4 # VPinCO https : //t.co/JAMLyq6spA
RT @ GOPLeader : ⚡️ GREAT NEWS → @ POTUS just signed the # VAaccountability Act into law . This is a HUGE win for our veterans . 🇺🇸

https : //t.co…
Congrats to @ FocusFamily for your 40 years of ministry . May God bless you and your families , & amp ; the United States of America . # VPinCO # FOTF40 https : //t.co/tGD5c2Mz5u
. @ POTUS & amp ; I will not rest & amp ; not relent until we repeal & amp ; replace ObamaCare & amp ; give our nation world-class health-care . # VPinCO # FOTF40 https : //t.co/4foDEy3Bjd
. @ POTUS has been keeping his promise to defend the unborn & amp ; under this Pres . ' leadership , life is winning in America again . # VPinCO # FOTF40
This @ POTUS will continue to stand without apology for persecuted people of faith across the globe . # VPinCO # FOTF40 https : //t.co/wZN1RY2m8a
America condemns persecution of any faith – in any place – at any time . # VPinCO # FOTF40 https : //t.co/Ia0WbUDEsm
Under @ POTUS , the world will know this : America stands with Israel . And he has stood for religious liberty across the globe . # VPinCO # FOTF40
. @ POTUS believes that no American should have to violate their conscience to fully participate in American life . # VPinCO # FOTF40
. @ POTUS stands w/ those who are persecuted for their faith – no matter the country they call home or the creed they profess . # VPinCO # FOTF40 https : //t.co/Ntonos0ota
. @ POTUS Trump stands for the God-given right of every American to live out your convictions in the public square . # VPinCO # FOTF40 https : //t.co/wGMXgqcdDN
TWEET : TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at @ FocusFamily 's 40th Anniversary Celebration ➡️ https : //t.co/3CAfFH6GNx # VPinCO # FOTF40 https : //t.co/BTUW2ID964
Karen & amp ; I have landed in Colorado & amp ; were greeted by members of the @ usairforce and their loved ones . Thank you all for your service . # VPinCO https : //t.co/3C0jSPScS8
Sec . of the Air Force , Sec . Heather Wilson , an 11-year veteran , joined me on AFII on our way to CO to meet w/ troops @ SchrieverAFB . # VPinCO https : //t.co/vrTT5dQs88
# FlashbackFriday : Thanks to @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS for hosting a great @ WhiteHouse Congressional Picnic . Our family from 2001 & amp ; last night . https : //t.co/lfK2ZDyEXc
Arrived at @ JBA_NAFW & amp ; on the way to Colorado for @ FocusFamily & amp ; to be with our troops at @ SchrieverAFB . Follow along with # VPinCO . https : //t.co/yZfzLko92x
Fun evening at the @ WhiteHouse Congressional Picnic w/ @ POTUS , @ FLOTUS , @ SecondLady , members of Congress , friends , and our families ! https : //t.co/o3BLFW3ffy
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed seeing our friends , members of Congress & amp ; their families at the annual Congressional Picnic on the South Lawn of th…
RT @ PressSec : . @ POTUS @ FLOTUS @ VP @ SecondLady welcome members of Congress to the @ WhiteHouse congressional picnic https : //t.co/pkloF8HY9t
Heading to CO tomorrow . Looking forward to giving keynote address @ FocusFamily 's 40th Anniversary & amp ; seeing troops @ SchrieverAFB . # VPinCO https : //t.co/qTV5RGTSuT
1/3 of U.S counties , including 5 states , only have 1 choice of Obamacare insurance coverage , meaning they essentially have no choice at all . https : //t.co/0Ey3z4tA6C
Thanks to @ POTUS & amp ; the help of our partners in Mexico & amp ; the N. Triangle , illegal border crossings at America ’ s southern border are down 70 % . https : //t.co/LAk92duJjs
At @ POTUS ' direction , American law enforcement is targeting gangs and criminals like never before . https : //t.co/b9JZc8SCdh
. @ POTUS has already taken action to protect Americans from the harshest consequences of illegal immigration & amp ; the transnational drug trade . https : //t.co/l1LsaCEhOA
... improve border security , and promote regional security cooperation through programs focused on capacity building and information sharing .
The U.S. will enhance its work with Mexico and the Northern Triangle countries to combat organized crime , strengthen citizen security ...
Just as we stand with the people of Cuba , under @ POTUS Trump the United States stands with the Venezuelan people . https : //t.co/8GGWLor7aR
America stands for opportunity , not oppression – for liberty , not tyranny . https : //t.co/fnA1KiBf9E
Latin America is a priority for this administration , b/c our partnerships & amp ; alliances there are critical to our national interest . https : //t.co/0jl8NaFST7
Under the leadership of @ POTUS , the U.S. stands strong for our most cherished ideals . https : //t.co/B5TXQxs33X
For my part , it 's been a great privilege for me to meet many world leaders and to travel across the world on @ POTUS ' behalf . https : //t.co/AfxSpp0cYV
This President has rebuilt America 's standing in the world and forged even stronger ties with our allies and our friends . https : //t.co/tm2gWuDP8e
This @ POTUS , by his actions , has shown the world that America First does not mean America alone . https : //t.co/2zyQ3PF6mx
I 'm here to reaffirm the U.S ' commitment to an America First agenda & amp ; to reaffirm our commitment to the Western Hemisphere as a whole . https : //t.co/ptjth919Lf
TUNE IN ! I 'm discussing American foreign policy at the Wilson Center - & gt ; https : //t.co/Ws6urRHCOZ https : //t.co/phgRUFPWtQ
. @ POTUS & amp ; I welcomed tech leaders to the @ WhiteHouse to discuss how emerging technology & amp ; innovation can help drive American growth . https : //t.co/DerhlS5Y97
When it comes to businesses , our tax plan will put American companies – like our builders and contractors – back on the road to success .
. @ POTUS Trump will never stop fighting to give American business and the American people the health-care relief you need . https : //t.co/JWTPHDlCJP
Yesterday , the last 2 statewide insurance companies said they ’ re leaving ObamaCare in Indiana . 80K Hoosiers will need to find a new plan .
We found that premiums have more than doubled since ObamaCare went into effect – and in many states , they ’ ve more than tripled .
ObamaCare stifles your growth and harms your workers through its mandates , its taxes , and its endlessly rising costs .
We ’ re going to rebuild American infrastructure . @ POTUS knows that roads mean jobs and infrastructure means prosperity and opportunity . https : //t.co/xFDfylM5kv
. @ POTUS Donald Trump has been fighting tirelessly to get our economy moving again – and to get your businesses building like never before . https : //t.co/UwTstvf7j2
. @ POTUS has promised to “ rebuild America ” – and it ’ s businesses like yours that are going to help him do it . https : //t.co/RqBm6aElLT
The members of @ ABCnational fight for a stronger & amp ; more prosperous America every day – & amp ; @ POTUS Trump is fighting every day for all of you . https : //t.co/okH2wkVgRB
I bring greetings to @ ABCNational from my friend – a builder , who ’ s now the 45th President of the United States – @ POTUS Donald Trump .
TUNE IN ! This morning I 'm speaking at @ ABCNational 's Legislative Day - & gt ; https : //t.co/i0mWS4NnUd https : //t.co/2o01dZ4am5
RT @ WhiteHouse : FACT : next year , 94 out of 99 counties in Iowa may only have one insurer selling Obamacare coverage and no choices . https : /…
As @ POTUS has said , Obamacare is in a death spiral . Costs soaring & amp ; choices plummeting . Insurance companies leaving Obamacare left & amp ; right . https : //t.co/Azw4AqFN3L
Obamacare has failed , and Obamacare must go : https : //t.co/LP8SwyvgbW https : //t.co/gyqB1S7Tsm
VIDEO : @ POTUS Donald Trump stands without apology for the men and women of law enforcement - and he always will . https : //t.co/xC2CXEiJe0
In call today with Turkish Cypriot leader @ MustafaAkinci_1 , I underscored U.S. support for UN-facilitated talks to reunify Cyprus .
. @ POTUS Trump cares deeply about the safety and security of the American people - and he knows that we can make America safe again . https : //t.co/z3tbmqpMP5
Thanks to @ POTUS & amp ; the efforts of law enforcement across the SW , illegal crossings at America 's southern border are down nearly 70 % .
At @ POTUS ' direction , the Department of Justice will no longer let the worst offenders off easy . https : //t.co/l2kJjK0tNc
. @ POTUS has taken decisive action to restore law & amp ; order ... & amp ; keep our families & amp ; our children safe ... It all starts w/ enforcing the law . https : //t.co/4p9vJkcZ6Y
Make no mistake about it : @ POTUS Donald Trump stands without apology for the men and women of law enforcement - and he always will . https : //t.co/msPcLxkMrK
Thank you for your service that you and your families provide to keep American families safe every day . https : //t.co/Y5L8t7utEL
From the very start of our administration , our @ POTUS has promised to strongly `` support the ... men and women of law enforcement . '' https : //t.co/KqWb0eGCep
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking this morning at the @ TheJusticeDept 's National Summit on Crime Reduction and Public Safety : https : //t.co/ZPxdVCOgpL https : //t.co/pWnQEZjvMw
Proud to host the promotion ceremony for SCPO Ryan Swan & amp ; PO1 Francisco Picos at VP 's Residence at Naval Observatory today . Congratulations ! https : //t.co/XUA8kGg1MP
RT @ SecondLady : Inspired by the @ theaward Gold Medal honorees w/military connection . No matter what it took , or how long it took , they did…
Inspiring to see members of Congress & amp ; staffers at the blood drive organized to help those hurt in last week 's shooting . # TeamScalise https : //t.co/p0jlhPiC4K
Welcomed the @ Cummins Exec . Development Group to @ WhiteHouse earlier . This manufacturing co. is in good hands w/ these outstanding leaders . https : //t.co/0rHMd2R63R
RT @ realDonaldTrump : The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim . Video : https : //t.…
. @ POTUS & amp ; I welcomed Ukrainian President Poroshenko to the @ WhiteHouse to discuss efforts toward peace & amp ; reform in Ukraine . https : //t.co/qrd4AtlbOg
For America to be prosperous , for America to be secure , American manufacturing must be strong . # MFGsummit
. @ POTUS is fighting every day to bring back manufacturing – because he knows how vital you are to the life of our nation . # MFGsummit
Our tax plan will put American companies , like our manufacturers , back on the path to jobs and growth . # MFGsummit
You all know the grim reality that businesses face under ObamaCare . I ’ ve heard it from manufacturers large and small . # MFGsummit https : //t.co/D9bCvKR8Zf
. @ POTUS Trump has promised to “ set the stage for a great revival ” for our factories – to “ Buy American and Hire American. ” # MFGsummit https : //t.co/k2O0wNCY8S
I ’ m here to express the gratitude of our @ POTUS for our nation ’ s manufacturers . You are the engine of the American economy . # MFGsummit
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm speaking with @ ShopFloorNAM at their 2017 Manufacturing Summit - & gt ; https : //t.co/LiZjGtDiel # MFGsummit https : //t.co/1WOd5bIsF1
And as @ POTUS made clear : `` Otto 's fate deepens the administration 's determination to prevent such tragedies from befalling innocent people . ''
As @ POTUS said today , the United States `` condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn '' the loss of Otto Warmbier ...
Karen & amp ; I are so saddened to hear this . We 're praying for Otto 's family tonight . A tragic example of North Korea 's disregard for human life . https : //t.co/XtqlCQCMSJ
It 's Tech Week at @ WhiteHouse & amp ; I spoke w/ tech & amp ; academic leaders about improving gov't services & amp ; making them more efficient for Americans https : //t.co/cydY8gTJmq
Hosted the new President of @ BallState , @ PresidentMearns , at the @ WhiteHouse today . Congrats on your new job & amp ; best of luck at BSU ! https : //t.co/bWWxdvP6vc
Welcomed my friend & amp ; our new ambassador to China , @ TerryBranstad , & amp ; his wife Christine to the @ WhiteHouse . Thank you both for your service . https : //t.co/AEawFSPyPz
Briefed on the hateful & amp ; senseless violence in London and Paris . Our thoughts and prayers are with those impacted & amp ; their loved ones .
. @ POTUS & amp ; I were pleased to welcome the President of Panama @ JC_Varela & amp ; his cabinet to discuss America 's partnership with Panama . https : //t.co/UPszoZGFgp
RT @ SecondLady : And ... for Father 's Day , we surprised @ VP with an Indiana puppy ! Introducing : Harley ! https : //t.co/ZlvNasOw9b
RT @ SecondLady : We welcomed a new kitten to our family during our trip back home to Indiana this weekend ! Introducing : Hazel ! https : //t.co/T…
And # HappyFathersDay to my Dad , Ed Pence . I miss you every day , Dad . https : //t.co/Q2qFsyhpuU
One of the greatest blessings of my life is being a Dad to the three greatest kids in the world . # HappyFathersDay to Dads across America ! https : //t.co/ChPQf4wf5q
Karen and I join @ POTUS in keeping the sailors of the USS Fitzgerald & amp ; their loved ones in our prayers . https : //t.co/WUfyW2XwqS
. @ POTUS ' address also highlighted the new apprenticeship initiative - will help create programs that place students into high-paying careers https : //t.co/6PDZm2H7pZ
In this week 's address , @ POTUS said : `` Though we have our differences , what unites us is so much stronger : love of our country . '' https : //t.co/6PDZm2H7pZ
RT @ realDonaldTrump : `` Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A . Towards Cuba ''
Video : https : //t.co/jUWCjgxX5D
Transcript : https…
Under the leadership of @ POTUS , America says once again with one voice -- Que Viva Cuba Libre -- Cuba Si , Castro No : https : //t.co/u7m6Maqj57 https : //t.co/oXaB8mBwyc
It is great to be back home again in Indiana . https : //t.co/h3unAk4jXh
RT @ SecondLady : What a crowd ! Honored to speak about leadership at the Becky Skillman Leadership Institute in Bedford , IN . https : //t.co/hxw…
The U.S. stands with the courageous men and women of Cuba who seek to reclaim their God-given right to freedom . https : //t.co/tOlc9xAken
This nation stands not with tyrants – but today , @ POTUS will make it clear that the U.S. stands w/ the courageous men and women of Cuba .
. @ POTUS will make it clear that America is with you . That America stands with the persecuted , the oppressed , and the exploited in Cuba . https : //t.co/oEuqMRDeQI
For 58 years the people of Cuba have lived and labored under a repressive regime that stifles their freedom , and with it , their future .
It is the greatest privilege of my life to serve as Vice President to @ POTUS Donald Trump – a man devoted to American ideals .
The world will witness America again standing in solidarity w/ the people of Cuba – thanks to the strong & amp ; unwavering leadership of @ POTUS .
This is a historic day – a day when America will renew our commitment to the ideal of freedom in this hemisphere . https : //t.co/SXvLD1eCnO
Visited Domino Park in Little Havana before @ POTUS ' speech at 1 . Tune in ➡️ https : //t.co/Tb8xIP0p25 https : //t.co/P8655Vq2LL
VIDEO : We pledge to strengthen the bonds that join the U.S , Northern Triangle , & amp ; all nations of Central America together in this new world . https : //t.co/1bJSgGk101
RT @ SecondLady : Departing today for Bedford , Indiana to speak at the Becky Skillman Leadership Institute . # SLOTUSinIN # Leadership https : //t…
Thanks to @ DHSgov Sec Kelly & amp ; @ StateDept Sec Tillerson for organizing Conference on Prosperity & amp ; Security w/ countries of the N. Triangle . https : //t.co/Pvvac8w69j
Met w/ Pres . Jovenel Moise of Haiti & amp ; stressed the importance of pursuing an economic reform agenda to attract investment & amp ; generate growth . https : //t.co/zmuKxPKxtM
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️ https : //t.co/u8InOJTf6D
Spoke w/ VP of El Salvador Oscar Ortiz about the strong steps they have taken to reduce crime & amp ; violence & amp ; offered our continued partnership https : //t.co/yISQYPZhNL
During my meeting w/ Guatemalan Pres . Jimmy Morales I acknowledged his dedication to the fight against illegal drug trafficking & amp ; corruption https : //t.co/aoq4qFvM8j
Met w/ Honduran Pres . Juan Orlando Hernandez & amp ; discussed opportunities for econ . & amp ; biz development & amp ; ideas for enhancing competitiveness . https : //t.co/Mdn7lpgHB1
FULL REMARKS : I addressed the Conference on Prosperity and Security in Central America earlier in Miami . # VPinFL https : //t.co/7wVY4R496R
Together , we will reach new heights of safety and security , of peace and prosperity . # VPinFL https : //t.co/SAm4aPUp09
American people are reminded of the terrible cost of drug trafficking , gang violence & amp ; illegal immigration every day https : //t.co/f30pF0YMkc
I ’ m pleased to announce , at @ POTUS ' direction , I ’ ll be traveling to Central & amp ; South America later this year . # VPinFL https : //t.co/qGse2UvWQ9
The United States of America stands with the nations and people of the Northern Triangle . # VPinFL https : //t.co/HoUWPLlqLL
As @ POTUS said yesterday , we are “ strongest when we are unified , and when we work together for the common good. ” https : //t.co/mw8BjW8J2c
The courageous actions of Officer Crystal Griner , and that of Officer David Bailey , saved lives and prevented an even greater tragedy . https : //t.co/7RiSQTDL4E
We are especially grateful to the brave officers who ran into danger without regard to their personal safety . # VPinFL
Karen & amp ; I join millions across this country in praying for Steve , all the injured , & amp ; their families . # VPinFL
Before I begin , allow me to address the attack that took place yesterday in our nation ’ s capital . # VPinFL https : //t.co/fRwvZSo75L
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at the Conference on Prosperity and Security in Central America - & gt ; https : //t.co/hoTdRw1Adx # VPinFL https : //t.co/wHP2R5M5lE
I 'm departing today for Miami to speak at the Conference on Prosperity & amp ; Security in Central America & amp ; meet w/ foreign leaders . # VPinFL https : //t.co/uUzTrO1hcQ
Karen & amp ; I just left @ MedStarWHC . Thanked docs & amp ; staff . Keep @ SteveScalise , Officer Griner & amp ; all involved & amp ; their loved ones in your prayers . https : //t.co/JcKwTMLPDH
. @ POTUS Trump is going to keep his promise to the American people , & amp ; working with this Congress , we 're going to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/UflDSuWVP0
Happy birthday to the 45th President of the United States and my good friend , @ POTUS Donald Trump ! https : //t.co/fOY11qRuE7
Today we recognize 242 years of incredible service by the courageous men and women of the @ USArmy . # ArmyBDay https : //t.co/VNpP7SVkP5
On # FlagDay we honor the American flag and express gratitude for all those who continue to fight for what it stands for . https : //t.co/uECWtjgBya
Take a moment `` to cherish those you love & amp ; always remember those who serve & amp ; keep us safe . God bless them all & amp ; God bless America . '' - @ POTUS
`` We are blessed to be Americans ... we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good . '' - @ POTUS
`` We may have our differences , but ... everyone who serves in our nation ’ s capital is here because , above all , they love our country . '' - @ POTUS
As @ POTUS Trump said , we `` are grateful for their heroism and praying for the swift recovery of all victims . ''
`` Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman . '' - @ POTUS
RT @ WhiteHouse : . @ POTUS delivers a statement to the press : https : //t.co/AyJiuH3VOS
Karen & amp ; I are praying for @ SteveScalise , the Capitol Police , & amp ; all hurt for a speedy recovery . Our hearts are with them & amp ; their loved ones .
Arrived w/ @ SeemaCMS at Capitol to discuss moving forward on @ POTUS ’ promise to the American people to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare . https : //t.co/K6H8rUp4O2
Joined @ POTUS & amp ; Senators at @ WhiteHouse today to discuss how we can rescue the American people from the ongoing collapse of Obamacare . https : //t.co/TNfzhchT8p
While costs are soaring , even worse still , choices are plummeting & amp ; insurance companies are pulling out of Obamacare . https : //t.co/eHdShDJRQf
It 's no surprise that Obamacare itself has woefully fallen short of its goal to cover the American people . https : //t.co/5YfuIqKZoc
. @ POTUS Trump is fighting every day to restore freedom to American health care & amp ; the men & amp ; women of @ HHSGov are essential to our efforts . https : //t.co/NuSYr2umwR
In Ohio the last statewide insurer will leave Obamacare . The map 's red counties are w/o coverage . More than 13K OH citizens will be affected https : //t.co/q3ZwJ3ed4L
As @ CMSGov said , `` high costs & amp ; lack of affordability were the most common factors '' why individuals did n't keep their Obamacare coverage . https : //t.co/SyEmEUESqS
W/ deductibles so high , most Americans can ’ t afford to use their Obamacare coverage , it ’ s no surprise that it has fallen short of its goal . https : //t.co/ZLOINwp2Zx
The Affordable Care Act is failing - and American families and businesses are paying the price . https : //t.co/Zk3JZ9VoQ8
Right now a 1/3 of American counties , including five whole states , only have one choice of ObamaCare coverage . https : //t.co/3svB2PH6di
Under @ POTUS Trump , we seek a brighter health-care future for every American . https : //t.co/1E3T3rZh4N
Every day , the American people see more evidence that ObamaCare has failed , and ObamaCare must go . https : //t.co/TM74BRsMuS
I came here today to express @ POTUS ' appreciation for the work that each of you do here at @ HHSGov .
TUNE IN ! I 'm at @ HHSGov addressing one of the most pressing issues facing America - the ongoing collapse of the ACA : https : //t.co/wdSpULwrTj https : //t.co/rvqtoBlq1e
Speaking at @ HHSGov Tues on recent analyses of Obamacare & amp ; how we must stop its soaring costs & amp ; plummeting choices : https : //t.co/2VgYRhVyiN https : //t.co/S6rr77o4bx
. @ POTUS is keeping his word to the American people & amp ; has assembled a team bringing real change , real prosperity & amp ; real strength back to U.S. https : //t.co/4dOtaaXf9k
Well said @ POTUS . We will never forget the victims of the terrorist attack in Orlando & amp ; we pray their loved ones find comfort & amp ; peace . https : //t.co/GWhT8asFDj
Under @ POTUS Trump , America will be strong . We will be strong in our conviction that our cause is just and freedom is worth defending . https : //t.co/ao0w7WWFlf
In this week 's address , @ POTUS laid out a bold & amp ; exciting new vision for the infrastructure in America . https : //t.co/DG31V7vGd3
. @ POTUS Trump will not rest and he will not relent until we rescue the American people from the disaster of ObamaCare . # FaithandFreedom
ObamaCare is in a death spiral – and more and more insurance companies are bailing on this failing law . # FaithAndFreedom
A third of American counties – & amp ; 5 whole states- only have 1 choice of insurance company – meaning they have essentially no choice at all
Obamacare is collapsing – and taking the American people down with it . # FaithAndFreedom https : //t.co/Bow41OGHsx
Our @ POTUS is rolling back big government and slashing through reams of red tape ... He 's putting America back to work . # FaithAndFreedom https : //t.co/rNvq90TbEc
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking tonight at the @ FaithandFreedom Patriot 's Gala Dinner : https : //t.co/h5oGiMx8H3 # FaithAndFreedom https : //t.co/VwYXHPVES3
RT @ SecondLady : Rest in peace Oreo . You touched a lot of hearts in your little life . Our family will miss you very much . https : //t.co/0Ar9S…
Thanks @ GovWalker & amp ; thanks Wisconsin for sharing stories on how Obamacare must end . Back in DC tonight for the Faith & amp ; Freedom Conference . https : //t.co/VZSQyafqDf
RT @ FoxNews : Moments ago in a speech in Milwaukee , WI , @ VP talked about the American soldiers killed today in Afghanistan . https : //t.co/pRY…
Under @ POTUS Donald Trump , we will rescue the American people from the disaster of ObamaCare . # VPinWI https : //t.co/Yg3j8uXu7o
Every single Democrat in D.C. would rather let ObamaCare collapse than help @ POTUS bring health care relief to the American people . # VPinWI
No American should ever have to choose between their health insurance and their grandkids . # VPinWI https : //t.co/OgGHNjbLC5
Julie chose to stop paying for health insurance for a few months , just so she could buy Christmas presents for her kids & amp ; grandkids . # VPinWI https : //t.co/mK1g30onf6
We 're talking about real people facing a real crisis - good people , like Julie Champine , who 's here with us today . # VPinW https : //t.co/tkoIdGlSWM
The American people know a bad deal when they see one , and that 's why they 're avoiding ObamaCare like the plague . # VPinWI
You remember all the broken promises made to get ObamaCare passed . # VPinWI https : //t.co/TsZPHtMZwE
Working with WI 's leaders in the Congress , before this summer 's out , @ POTUS will keep his promise to repeal and replace Obamacare . # VPinWI https : //t.co/mRwxxiP1hW
TUNE IN ! I 'm discussing @ POTUS ' efforts to replace Obamacare w/ a plan that 'll lower costs for Americans : https : //t.co/1ODGFoljEC # VPinWI https : //t.co/m4lnsGW6ns
With @ GovWalker hearing from Mary Springer on how Obamacare is hurting companies and employees in Wisconsin . # VPinWI https : //t.co/B5JHDZPdGE
Arrived in Wisconsin and greeted the members of the 128 Air Reserve and their families upon landing . # VPinWI https : //t.co/xRUO9ucRPE
These @ boyscouts from Waldorf , Maryland are some of America 's future leaders . Enjoyed meeting them before departing to Wisconsin . # VPinWI https : //t.co/6sj4lm93M7
Back in Washington after a successful trip to Georgia . On my way to Milwaukee tomorrow to discuss repealing & amp ; replacing Obamacare . # VPinWI https : //t.co/1yZm6lzmfS
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling & amp ; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank…
Thanked the troops at @ DobbinsARB for their service and told them under @ POTUS Trump , America will be stronger than ever . # VPinGA https : //t.co/IRtphpXvkY
Honored to speak to the servicemen & amp ; women of @ DobbinsARB & amp ; their families . Thanks Georgia ! Back to DC & amp ; off to Wisconsin tomorrow . # VPinGA https : //t.co/tnZ0K9RDUK
It was special to meet WWII veteran Mr. Allan Hall , who joined the Navy on his 17th birthday in 1943 . America salutes him . # VPinGA https : //t.co/YF6M851uAU
Under @ POTUS Donald Trump , the United States of America will be strong – stronger than ever before . # VPinGA https : //t.co/PXzBXJaVeC
A new era of American strength is here & amp ; with renewed strength , our @ POTUS is restoring America ’ s rightful place in the world . # VPinGA https : //t.co/fSCvwR5Lc4
Your Commander-in-Chief is grateful for your service & amp ; be assured : @ POTUS Trump is the best friend the Armed Forces will ever have . # VPinGA https : //t.co/f7jipDrfnz
You are patriots , all . You are heroes , all . And you are the best of us – and every American is grateful for your bravery . # VPinGA https : //t.co/KTwp9lhY1A
I bring greetings from the Commander-in-Chief– & amp ; a tireless defender of the Armed Forces of the United States – @ POTUS Donald Trump . # VPinGA
TUNE IN ! Honored to speak with America 's finest and their families at @ DobbinsARB - & gt ; https : //t.co/AECyiTo2dJ # VPinGA https : //t.co/b9QYXWSFlA
Congrats to my friend & amp ; former colleague , @ GarrisonRadio , on his last show today . Honored to be part of it . Tune in : https : //t.co/t5cYLNljQw https : //t.co/EAvQMKsXWP
Tune in ! On AFII heading to Georgia and chatting LIVE with @ THEHermanCain about @ POTUS ' agenda to # MAGA . - & gt ; https : //t.co/LMN4qTZs61 https : //t.co/wmKlHmf8pv
On the way to @ DobbinsARB w/ @ reptomgraves , @ RepDougCollins , @ reploudermilk , @ repdrewferguson , @ AustinScottGA08 , & amp ; @ GOPChairwoman . # VPinGA https : //t.co/PMpWkHj05c
Celebrating our 32nd wedding anniversary today with my wonderful wife , Karen ! https : //t.co/e4ri3gaYz6
Excited to speak with members of the U.S. Air Force at @ DobbinsARB tomorrow in Marietta , GA . Follow along using the hashtag # VPinGA . https : //t.co/ASrLhz16wv
Welcomed @ AnastasiadesCY to @ WhiteHouse & amp ; expressed gratitude for Cyprus ' contributions to the Global Coalition to Counter ISIS . https : //t.co/A68vCEOkv3
Productive lunch about @ POTUS ' infrastructure plan w/ Mayors , tribal leaders & amp ; Govs , including @ dougducey , @ GovHolcomb & amp ; @ GovernorKayIvey . https : //t.co/dADLF4tOwV
In partnership with you & amp ; with the leadership of @ POTUS , I have confidence – we will rebuild America – and we will Make America Great Again . https : //t.co/jn23STuP7f
. @ POTUS will make historic investments in infrastructure so that America has the best roads , bridges , waterways & amp ; airports we 've ever had . https : //t.co/p7wjwiCjBM
At this very moment , America only has the 12th best infrastructure in the world . We ’ re miles behind countries like Japan & amp ; Germany . https : //t.co/yVr5DsQNE4
Just yesterday in Cincinnati , @ POTUS declared that the “ American people deserve the best infrastructure anywhere in the world . '' https : //t.co/y7KpbquUjO
A great privilege to welcome a distinguished group of leaders to the @ WhiteHouse to discuss @ POTUS ' infrastructure agenda . https : //t.co/w7S17AIVeL
Under @ POTUS Donald Trump , America will lead in space once again , and the world will marvel . # NewAstronauts # VPinTX https : //t.co/Qa5zkmR7KK
Big day at @ NASA_Johnson ! Thank you again for having me & amp ; congrats to the 12 # NewAstronauts . Godspeed , class of 2017 ! https : //t.co/86z3Xew7Ng
Thanks ! Busy and fun day in Houston , and just returned to D.C . Looking forward to being home soon with @ SecondLady . https : //t.co/6JUNVYO6XA
⚡️Thank you , everyone , for the warm birthday wishes . Enjoyed my day w/ the astronaut candidates at @ NASA_Johnson !

https : //t.co/q1qwNzaLZi
Headed back to D.C. with a great team and friends and another birthday cake . # VPinTX https : //t.co/CowCkQyicf
One of the coolest birthday cakes I 've ever had . Thanks , @ NASA ! https : //t.co/4D8zbX6xN4
It 's a privilege for this lifelong @ NASA fan to be standing at @ NASA_Johnson in the mission control used for the Apollo missions . # VPinTX https : //t.co/Gtdc6hq2pN
Know you will be carried by grace & amp ; the prayers of the American people . Godspeed , class of 2017 , & amp ; congratulations ! https : //t.co/HyJi4m83By
The United States will usher in a new era of space exploration that will benefit every facet of our national life . https : //t.co/Pzi7ygGeFD
Before me are 12 men & amp ; women who have already soared to tremendous heights , the newest class of American astronauts . https : //t.co/qo9iZ1vWzh
We can seize opportunities that will benefit our nation and our people for generations to come . # VPinTX https : //t.co/ApJUYZ302C
I ’ m excited to announce , more than two decades after it was disbanded , that soon , @ POTUS will relaunch the National Space Council . # VPinTX https : //t.co/xUj7TIKLpC
In this administration , NASA will have the resources and support you need . Under @ POTUS Trump , America will lead in space again . # VPinTX https : //t.co/OJj3GKRbV7
Only 338 Americans have held the title of American astronaut . But while their numbers have been few , their accomplishments have been legion . https : //t.co/KHCOOzpKQZ
To this newest class of Astronauts , I bring the sincerest congratulations of the 45th @ POTUS – President Donald Trump . # VPinTX
Arrived at @ NASA_Johnson and met the 12 new astronaut candidates . Congratulations to them all ! Watch live : https : //t.co/h0MgcMv9Z7 # VPinTX https : //t.co/ngEigVCsiU
Tune in ! https : //t.co/Rh8SlhwefE
On my way to @ NASA_Johnson to affirm @ POTUS ' & amp ; this admin 's commitment to @ NASA . Watch POTUS discuss NASA in weekly address from March . https : //t.co/ZhZt9lRPyg
( 2/2 ) This is yet another example of how Obamacare has failed . @ POTUS is fighting for Traci & amp ; many others in similar situations . # VPinTX
Met Traci Lewis , a cancer survivor & amp ; single mother , & amp ; her daughter . She ca n't see current docs because they do n't accept Obamacare plans ... https : //t.co/z4lEU0Spo2
Catching up with @ SenTedCruz aboard Air Force II as we make our way to his home state & amp ; @ NASA_Johnson . # VPinTX https : //t.co/tPVWR7A7cV
Fun way to start a birthday . Thanks team for decorating AFII ! Glad to have @ SenTedCruz , @ RepBrianBabin , & amp ; @ LamarSmithTX21 aboard ! # VPinTX https : //t.co/bIZM8y3CSJ
Excited to meet the newest astronaut candidates at @ NASA_Johnson tomorrow in Houston , TX . Watch live at https : //t.co/B0StWLcm3O # VPinTX https : //t.co/hknFOxIg03
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great meeting with @ HouseGOP and @ SenateGOP leaders , including @ SpeakerRyan , @ SenateMajLdr , @ GOPLeader , @ JohnCornyn & amp ; …
. @ POTUS lead a productive meeting on his legislative agenda including health care & amp ; tax reform with GOP leaders . https : //t.co/EC5N3gcEP1
Thanks , Sandy . for sharing your story during our conversation w/ biz owners yesterday . As we heard , Obamacare is hurting job creators . https : //t.co/oMipHb265a
It 's clear that Obamacare has failed . But thanks to the leadership of @ POTUS & amp ; support in Congress , the Obamacare nightmare will end soon .
. @ WSJ notes Anthem 's decision to exit OH `` will likely create alarm in the other 13 states '' where Anthem offers plans
https : //t.co/64t9do11M2
The last statewide insurer in Ohio , Anthem , is leaving the Obamacare exchanges , which could leave up to 20 counties without an insurer .
RT @ POTUS : Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago . # DDay https : //t.co/7c…
RT @ SecondLady : A reminder of my home state , Indiana ! Thank you , @ Indiana2016 for babe , the bison . I will display it proudly in the @ Second…
These young visitors are our nation 's future . Enjoyed meeting them & amp ; their families after my meetings on Capitol Hill ! # MeetTheVP https : //t.co/rW4TfJI8qw
RT @ SecondLady : Honeybees are very important contributors to US agricultural production . So far , we have almost 20,000 honeybees in our hiv…
Fun and educational event with @ SecondLady & amp ; @ SecretarySonny at the Vice President 's Residence today . https : //t.co/3oKP8WYtq1
RT @ SecretarySonny : . @ SecondLady 's new beehive at VP residence highlights need for increase in bee population . 20,000 bees in here , with qu…
. @ SecondLady & amp ; @ SecretarySonny unveil a new beehive at the Vice President 's Residence today . Be sure to follow them for more updates ! https : //t.co/0rc6BQW95O
We remember D-Day , and we are forever grateful for those who fought and answered the prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere . https : //t.co/lJxCIuvKSD
. @ POTUS Donald Trump has been keeping his promise to fight for life , and life is winning in America again . https : //t.co/7jonkKwWI0
Catholicism has made an indelible mark on the American spirit & amp ; the Church & amp ; its parishioners have been a force for good in our communities . https : //t.co/L4vTB9ysYm
. @ POTUS Trump will stand without apology for persecuted people of faith across the globe , and we will continue to stand with our allies . https : //t.co/OYhwgQwCF8
Under @ POTUS Donald Trump , America condemns persecution of any faith – in any place – at any time – and we will confront it . https : //t.co/5shNIOu4TL
. @ POTUS Trump will continue to fight to ensure that every American has the freedom to follow the dictates of their conscience . https : //t.co/UHedNoIfPl
This @ POTUS believes that no American should have to violate their conscience to fully participate in American life . https : //t.co/Cbe6oONnFP
To all the great American Catholics gathered here , let me assure you - American Catholics have an ally in @ POTUS Donald Trump . https : //t.co/48Nox3rdij
It is a privilege for me to address the 13th Annual National Catholic Prayer Breakfast . TUNE IN ! → https : //t.co/Eifo4d2rxV https : //t.co/5OK4IEWSvL
. @ POTUS will not relent until we protect the American people & amp ; our allies from the scourge of global terrorism . https : //t.co/S0Bhca3MM6
It should be cause for alarm that we need to deploy our military to protect our citizens going to a concert , a marathon , or for a stroll . https : //t.co/gXFodHcl5G
With the rise of adversaries new & amp ; old , our alliance must continue to evolve to confront the threats of today & amp ; tomorrow . # ACawards https : //t.co/YVeyJqfoo5
Now is the time for NATO to stand united and stand strong in the face of global terrorism . # ACawards https : //t.co/WuUhzmRNJi
It is an honor to be here at the @ AtlanticCouncil w/ many distinguished leaders from both N. America & amp ; Europe & amp ; from across the wider world . https : //t.co/0CIeDIGIBf
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm speaking at the @ AtlanticCouncil Distinguished Leadership Awards → https : //t.co/9jSUUyjIJm # ACawards https : //t.co/o7pg5aHrvS
( 2/2 ) ... sharing in order to ensure the Alliance has the capabilities it needs to address the threats we face , including terrorism . https : //t.co/BnXsEgc0vf
Welcomed PM Markovic to @ WhiteHouse to congratulate him on Montenegro 's NATO accession & amp ; agreed on the need for increased burden ... ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/Nn0Dk4Jdzz
Jacksonville small biz owner Amy Pope-Wells shared her story of rising premiums & amp ; clients refusing to work with her biz due to Obamacare . https : //t.co/BatfrFtvZY
Kelly Moore from Ohio owns a small biz & amp ; after 12 years , she had to end med coverage for employees because of Obamacare 's rising premiums . https : //t.co/CfvMbrD1Zq
ObamaCare is a tremendous burden on small biz – w/ its reams of red tape , skyrocketing costs , & amp ; taxes that kill jobs & amp ; stifle growth . https : //t.co/b5YhKq41MM
It ’ s estimated that more than 11.3M biz in America are women-owned , employing nearly 9M people & amp ; having more than $ 1.6 trillion in revenues . https : //t.co/twKO8G4yUp
It was a great privilege to be joined by so many women small-biz owners to discuss the terrible burden that ObamaCare places on small biz . https : //t.co/au7sCeraoI
RT @ POTUS : . @ SecShulkin 's decision is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades . https : //t.co/5JLkguD88Y
Thanks to @ POTUS Donald Trump , America is back & amp ; American businesses are growing & amp ; investing in America again . https : //t.co/sEYGLEFjXd
This week , starting today , this @ POTUS will take a historic step to keep his promise to rebuild America . https : //t.co/8ep7EXmxEk
Thanks to the leadership of @ POTUS Trump , welcome to the beginning of a new era for American infrastructure ▶️ https : //t.co/wuZJj2RuG1
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ POTUS announces the Air Traffic Control Reform Initiative : https : //t.co/5MNJnQwSZD https : //t.co/UERZxlANm2
America elected a builder to be @ POTUS , and President Donald Trump is going to rebuild the infrastructure of this country . https : //t.co/HmYlum5zKh
WATCH : In this week 's address , @ POTUS recapped his historic trip overseas and what he achieved for the American people . https : //t.co/1d3XVrHDQb
Spoke w/ @ ainsleyearhardt about how @ POTUS is fighting every day for the American people & amp ; # AmericaFirst . Watch @ FoxandFriends Mon . for more https : //t.co/u1XQ1GTX31
Our thoughts & amp ; prayers are w/ the victims , courageous first responders & amp ; all the people of London . As President Trump said : WE ARE WITH YOU .
Yesterday I was proud to join @ POTUS as we reaffirmed our unbreakable support for the American heroes who keep our communities safe . https : //t.co/e4N3ZVs037
RT @ POTUS : Weekly Address - tune in ! # MAGA ➡️https : //t.co/hJNQcZQrbx https : //t.co/x3Kw88f0De
On behalf of @ POTUS , looking forward to welcoming the newest astronaut candidates who 'll help lead a bold future for America ’ s space program https : //t.co/L6grULsN5N
I look forward to affirming @ POTUS ' support for the Northern Triangle countries ' commitment to improve security , governance , & amp ; prosperity . https : //t.co/74ER6nibDh
Enjoyed my conversation on @ 700wlw in Cincinnati about how @ POTUS & amp ; our administration will always put American consumers & amp ; interests first .
Thanks for having me on the show , @ ManginoOnKDKA , to talk about how @ POTUS made the right decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord https : //t.co/35MMjamvtH
Good chatting w/ @ SavageNation about how @ POTUS has put American interests , American workers , our economic future , & amp ; our energy future first https : //t.co/obCZK0ddOn
The bottom line is the Paris Climate Accord was a bad deal for the American people & amp ; a bad deal for the American economy . https : //t.co/SuEYjcJWJp
Joining @ ASavageNation to talk about how @ POTUS is fighting for the forgotten men & amp ; women in America . TUNE IN ! https : //t.co/V3JnXfyxjA https : //t.co/Q1lSxd1juC
A few tour groups were visiting the @ WhiteHouse earlier today , and I stopped by to say hello ! Enjoy your visit to D.C ! # MeetTheVP https : //t.co/1vlKziLSs1
INTERVIEW : Spoke w/ @ IngrahamAngle re : @ POTUS ' decision to withdraw from Paris Climate Accord & amp ; put # AmericaFirst . https : //t.co/X1uaad7ftF
America is back because the American people have a President in @ POTUS Trump who is fighting every day for them . https : //t.co/jgcjSsAkyJ
FULL VIDEO : I chatted w/ @ AinsleyEarhardt on @ FoxAndFriends about how @ POTUS is working to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain https : //t.co/qNDO1FDwav
Do n't miss my live interview with @ IngrahamAngle this morning at 9:05 about how @ POTUS is putting # AmericaFirst . https : //t.co/FhSkv226Rq
What the world witnessed yesterday was an American President once again putting # AmericaFirst . https : //t.co/8zLKNG7X6y
. @ ainsleyearhardt & amp ; I chat LIVE from @ WhiteHouse about @ POTUS ' decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord . Tune to @ foxandfriends ! https : //t.co/0CuUEyGvsF
Tune in at 10 PM for my chat w/ @ SeanHannity re : @ POTUS ' decision to put # AmericaFirst by withdrawing from the Paris Climate Accord . https : //t.co/Z81KiL5iBc
It 's the greatest privilege of my life to serve as VP to @ POTUS who is fighting every day to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain : https : //t.co/x6cvXM4s0a https : //t.co/inEhESFDzE
Our President is choosing to put American jobs , American consumers , American energy , and American industry first . https : //t.co/y2OpdTMDu7
By his action today , @ POTUS Donald Trump is choosing to put the forgotten men and women of America first . https : //t.co/2l9CaP7hqT
RT @ PressSec : . @ POTUS `` I was elected by voters of Pittsburgh , not Paris . I promised I wld exit or renegotiate any deal which fails to serve…
Since the first day of this administration , @ POTUS has been working tirelessly to keep the promises that he made to the American people .
RT @ WhiteHouse : . @ POTUS on the Paris Accord : https : //t.co/PJIJxort3Z https : //t.co/5eChcJgoGF
The American people & amp ; the wider world will see once again – our President is choosing to put American jobs and American workers first . https : //t.co/63vIegn6sP
Thanks to @ POTUS ' leadership , American businesses are growing again , investing in America again , & amp ; they ’ re creating jobs .
Watch live now ! https : //t.co/sUF56Dy9RV
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Join me live at the @ WhiteHouse .

➡️https : //t.co/9VOb99W42r https : //t.co/sjb5VHLHYH
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE at 3pm EDT as @ POTUS makes a statement regarding the Paris Accord : https : //t.co/PJIJxoJ4sz https : //t.co/6sWLgmro…
Heading to Iowa this weekend , a state that knows all too well about Obamacare 's problems - & gt ; https : //t.co/l6pCL7EYxL # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/PO0VZvE9Dr
Yesterday @ POTUS & amp ; I welcomed the PM of Vietnam , Nguyễn Xuân Phúc , for discussions on trade , North Korea , & amp ; a strong partnership . https : //t.co/GZOsT0zB9g
Enjoyed meeting IT students from Paul Laurence Dunbar High School 's Academy for Technology Excellence . These students have bright futures ! https : //t.co/AIwPtOmQXZ
We need a health care solution that saves the American people money and provides higher quality care . Obamacare has failed . https : //t.co/9kLFMTuaGk
We all remember the promises that were made to pass Obamacare , right ? # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/jczRbOI9FF
One of the most important things we need to do to create jobs & amp ; restore boundless opportunity in America is to # RepealAndReplace Obamacare . https : //t.co/Qc0ivNibkT
Health insurance premiums have doubled across the U.S because of Obamacare . But in 3 states , premiums have TRIPLED : https : //t.co/0fNqwFa527 https : //t.co/UPmLze7DJm
WATCH : @ SeemaCMS talked w/ @ SusanPage today about the need to replace Obamacare w/ a health care solution that works https : //t.co/33ag8yF3x4
Obamacare has failed . And every day , you see another grim reminder that Obamacare is a burden on the American people . # RepealAndReplace https : //t.co/UGGSfvtguj
I was honored to speak to the @ NavalAcademy 's Class of 2017 & amp ; I let them know @ POTUS is proud of them , and so am I. https : //t.co/tAdn8VvwwW
Well said , Mr. President . Our thoughts and prayers are with the heroes in Portland and the loved ones they left behind . https : //t.co/M2Zb68ykx5
. @ POTUS & amp ; I stopped to visit the loved ones of fallen heroes at Arlington Cemetery . As POTUS said , they were `` Angels sent to us from God . '' https : //t.co/tDMjjYynxN
Moving ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery with @ POTUS remembering those brave souls who paid the ultimate sacrifice for freedom . https : //t.co/kXiu6uz5zl
RT @ WhiteHouse : Today we remember the fallen and we honor these guardians of our inalienable rights . Thank you . # MemorialDay https : //t.co/h…
Deeply humbling to join @ POTUS at Arlington National Cemetery to remember our fallen heroes and their loved ones this # MemorialDay . https : //t.co/ojaZZ8KNKW
Thank you , Project Hero , for the new biking jerseys for Karen and me . May you all have a safe ride to Virginia Beach ! # MemorialDay https : //t.co/Ja0SCPkcAJ
Today all Americans show their thanks to the generations of brave men & amp ; women who gave the last full measure of devotion for our freedom . https : //t.co/4SPTACDCva
Karen and I are so grateful to have you here at the Vice President ’ s residence . It is deeply humbling to be with you to mark Memorial Day . https : //t.co/Bk1WhYL1ky
TUNE IN ! Karen & amp ; I are hosting the start of the Annual Project Hero Memorial Day Bike Ride ➡️ https : //t.co/oiW6anig4q
( 2/2 ) ... join @ POTUS for the wreath laying ceremony at Arlington Cemetery to honor the courageous men & amp ; women who sacrificed for our freedom . https : //t.co/YNLSYeEuWQ
This morning we honor Memorial Day by hosting the start of the annual Project Hero Bike Ride at the Naval Observatory & amp ; then we 'll ... ( 1/2 )
🏁Congratulations to @ TakumaSatoRacer for winning the 101st running of the # Indy500 ! 🏁
Great to catch up with @ GovHolcomb and Janet . https : //t.co/4LSkjG0Hds
Looking forward to an exciting # Indy500 . We are moments away from the green flag as Karen and I listen to `` Back Home Again in Indiana . '' https : //t.co/yyVLC9Uisf
No trip to # Indy500 would be complete without a visit with legendary driver and team owner A.J . Foyt . https : //t.co/k9yvJqcIvw
Very humbled by the warm and enthusiastic response as Karen and I took a lap around the historic @ IMS . # Indy500 https : //t.co/z6BZIcBITq
Back home again in Indiana ! Happy to see so many family and friends upon our arrival in Columbus . Next stop @ IMS . # Indy500 https : //t.co/ZHqd7bdB7A
It 's Race Day ! Karen and I are headed back home again for the 101st running of the # Indy500 . 🏁 https : //t.co/3FL4pWIJlA
Karen & amp ; I are excited to be headed home to Indiana tomorrow to watch the 101st running of the # Indy500 . Greatest spectacle in racing !
. @ POTUS in weekly address regarding budget : `` The men & amp ; women on the front lines of freedom will have the tools they need to keep us safe . '' https : //t.co/ha7UImMV1J
Have a safe trip home ! Proud of how you and @ POTUS represented America on the world stage . https : //t.co/81lJR86mzJ
Have a safe & amp ; restful Memorial Day Weekend with your loved ones ! We remember our fallen heroes and pray for those they left behind . https : //t.co/a6jiSFOUBg
Humbled to have delivered the 2017 Commencement Address at the @ NavalAcademy . Thanks for the opportunity & amp ; congratulations Class of 2017 ! https : //t.co/MznYlkiTOA
Karen & amp ; I join @ POTUS in wishing those celebrating here in the U.S & amp ; around the world a blessed & amp ; peaceful Ramadan .
https : //t.co/0EEcuQPSRr
( 2/2 ) ... combating Christian suffering in the Middle East , and we resolve to act with urgency . @ POTUS & amp ; I condemn persecution of any faith .
Our hearts are heavy after the attack on Coptic Christians in Egypt . This week , I met w/ religious leaders to discuss ... ( 1/2 )
Bravo Zulu to the Class of 2017 . May God bless you w/ fair winds & amp ; following seas . May God bless the Navy , Marines & amp ; all the Armed Forces 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/jM8vTkLtBU
Congratulations to the @ NavalAcademy 's Class of 2017 ! @ POTUS & amp ; I are proud of you , and we are all grateful for your service . # USNA17 https : //t.co/WUkRo7QUtL
Bravo Zulu to the Class of 2017 . May God bless the Navy , the Marines , & amp ; all the Armed Forces . FULL REMARKS : # USNA17 https : //t.co/54NfHqPZvY
Above all else , sail on with confidence and faith – faith that He who brought you this far will never leave you nor forsake you . # USNA17 https : //t.co/757bhd61HE
Today you leave the Brigade of Midshipmen to join the vanguard of freedom . # USNA17 https : //t.co/2Z7Vcq5BTb
The best way to protect the peace is for our adversaries and enemies to know that America is prepared to fight and win any contest . # USNA17 https : //t.co/hQk9aKs2bC
I say to you new Officers and your families – @ POTUS is the best friend the Armed Forces will ever have . # USNA17 https : //t.co/I5UrwVFJKC
All of you are patriots . All of you are heroes . And all of you are the pride of your family and the American people . # USNA17 https : //t.co/DnpPAtwCT5
Remember , it 's not just America that your predecessors have protected . Think of what the world owes the U.S. Navy & amp ; Marine Corps . # USNA17 https : //t.co/miYuNdZFiI
It is deeply humbling to be at this storied military & amp ; academic institution w/ the extraordinary men & amp ; women of the Class of 2017 . # USNA17 https : //t.co/L7BFprenWa
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ VP delivers the commencement address at the United States Naval Academy : https : //t.co/JvVR1BLwv6 # Commission…
WATCH LIVE : I 'm delivering remarks to the @ NavalAcademy 's Class of 2017 - & gt ; https : //t.co/N1pfLh56XU https : //t.co/TdZQ98wS6u
Excited to travel to Annapolis tomorrow to speak to the @ NavalAcademy 's Class of 2017 . Looking forward to meeting you all . # USNA17 https : //t.co/MSVW0sK5se
Major James Golby - a Special Advisor in my office - was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. Army . Congrats ! Very proud of you . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/eabZZx6MMw
Going to the # Indy500 has been a Pence tradition for decades . Karen & amp ; I look forward to being at @ IMS for the 101st running this Sunday . https : //t.co/Ao2c0lGjrO
. @ POTUS delivered a strong speech at @ NATO that called for all NATO members to contribute their fair share & amp ; meet financial obligations . https : //t.co/KGRnUm4GuD
Hosted discussion w/ Dir . Mulvaney & amp ; conservative leaders in my office at @ WhiteHouse on how @ POTUS ' budget is protecting American taxpayers https : //t.co/a2X0n4bZrB
ICYMI : Inspiring to see the Morgan 's rebuild after @ POTUS & amp ; I visited their flooded home in Aug . Here 's their story : https : //t.co/w97lKsSDnq
And special thanks to the Morgan family for welcoming me back to their home . Truly inspiring to be there & amp ; see their rebuilt house . # VPinLa https : //t.co/wjX8P8TcuD
Thanks Louisiana for the great visit & amp ; to @ cajunindustries for hosting ! @ POTUS ' admin will keep working to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare . # VPinLa https : //t.co/pCBnsE8jda
RT @ VPComDir : # VPinLa @ VP @ POTUS https : //t.co/xhTpsogQ7v
The single most important thing we need to do to create jobs and restore opportunity is to repeal and replace ObamaCare . # VPinLa https : //t.co/5PtyteNvy1
According to HHS , ObamaCare has increased premiums across the board . Info the Obama admin . never wanted the American people to see . # VPinLa https : //t.co/Y9JyDVjiHv
Meeting hardworking Americans at @ cajunindustries in Louisiana . @ POTUS is fighting every day for these men & amp ; women . # VPinLA https : //t.co/VTBUsbakYc
With @ RepGarretGraves & amp ; @ SeemaCMS at @ cajunindustries listening to job creators about the need for tax & amp ; health care reform . # VPinLa https : //t.co/Rykzw3yvho
The average plan in the Pelican State costs more than $ 3,500 more than it did just a few years ago . # VPinLa https : //t.co/XTb2XVLHtX
Across America , premiums have more than doubled since ObamaCare went into effect & amp ; in Louisiana , premiums have increased by 125 % . # VPinLa https : //t.co/RrtYJPSNjv
. @ POTUS has a three-part agenda - jobs , jobs , and jobs . # VPinLa https : //t.co/wvt64lgTLn
I know our President will fight every day to protect those who protect us - and I know he will Make America Safe Again . # VPinLa https : //t.co/rJYtJi6D6K
Yesterday , @ POTUS unveiled a budget with one of the largest increases in defense spending since the days of President Ronald Reagan . # VPinLa
The American people are witnessing the strong leadership of our @ POTUS on the world stage . # VPinLa
TUNE IN & amp ; listen to my remarks about @ POTUS ' budget , health care , & amp ; the economy at @ CajunIndustries : https : //t.co/3X8BWogclc # VPinLa https : //t.co/XSSRuff95k
I told Jimmy & amp ; Olive that I spoke with @ POTUS earlier today , & amp ; he asked me to tell them hello & amp ; to give them his best . # VPinLa https : //t.co/THOeW8EYDM
( 2/2 ) ... Today I met with Jimmy & amp ; Olive again & amp ; they have restored their beautiful home . Here 's their story : https : //t.co/knTw3zXZ71 # VPinLa https : //t.co/MwJnG2M0q8
Last summer , @ POTUS & amp ; I visited the home of Jimmy and Olive Morgan , which was damaged by flood waters in Louisiana ... ( 1/2 ) # VPinLa https : //t.co/C4zpeI9RDw
Arrived in Louisiana where this HHS analysis shows premiums have increased nearly 125 % under Obamacare since 2013 . # VPinLa https : //t.co/JCP9VfbzKs
Touched down in Louisiana w/ @ RepGarretGraves & amp ; greeted by @ LouisianaGov & amp ; Baton Rouge @ MayorBroome . On our way to @ cajunindustries ! # VPinLa https : //t.co/HBl6JjGnLP
Ready to talk with job creators in Louisiana about health care and the economy with @ RepGarretGraves & amp ; @ SeemaCMS . # VPinLa https : //t.co/Eoa3hoB3GO
Looking forward to visiting Louisiana tomorrow & amp ; meeting business leaders to discuss health care , job creation , & amp ; the economy . # VPinLa https : //t.co/9APybH6nWU
Back on Capitol Hill for some meetings & amp ; walked through the Rotunda to say hello to visitors ! Hope you had fun during your visit . # MeetTheVP https : //t.co/ZJIeE23iFt
RT @ POTUS : Our budget puts American families FIRST➡️https : //t.co/Uai4tSqRnC https : //t.co/hIj3Bt7l7X
RT @ POTUS : Our budget makes national defense a top priority by increasing defense spending 🇺🇸 by $ 54 BILLION➡️https : //t.co/tOg9OidhCD https…
. @ POTUS calls on nations to join to protect human life & amp ; added , `` Our society can have no tolerance for this continuation of bloodshed '' https : //t.co/Xc8gtXHOnW
So proud to be Vice President to a President who is showing real leadership on the world stage . # POTUSabroad https : //t.co/BvCu7FVySp
Karen and I offer our heartfelt condolences & amp ; prayers to the victims , their loved ones , and the people of Manchester . https : //t.co/JPko6JNZ57
Visited w/ religious leaders to discuss ideas on combating Christian suffering in the Middle East . @ POTUS condemns persecution of any faith . https : //t.co/e1VoGcm9d7
Showed some Hoosiers from Madison County , IN - my old House district ! - around my office at the @ WhiteHouse . Enjoyed seeing familiar faces ! https : //t.co/EwTl1hliAd
Busy weekend in Pennsylvania , Ohio , & amp ; Indiana . Enjoyed meeting some great Americans , & amp ; now back in D.C. to help work on @ POTUS ' agenda . https : //t.co/MFrJFrKb7I
Honored to address graduates at @ NotreDame , a vanguard of freedom of expression & amp ; the free exchange of ideas https : //t.co/4ddLZDV08G # ND2017
Proud to address @ NotreDame 's 2017 Class . To the over 3,100 who graduated : strive every day to lead for good w/ courage & amp ; conviction # ND2017 https : //t.co/NfSBovg2Ub
A privilege to receive the degree Doctors of Law , Honoris Causa from @ NotreDame . Thank you Fr . Jenkins & amp ; to the entire ND community . # ND2017 https : //t.co/GO1of1jsKl
. @ NotreDame Class of 2017 – this is your day – so go , Irish – the future is yours . # ND2017 https : //t.co/mURaXg6O8v
As new graduates of this exceptional university , I urge you – be leaders for the freedoms of thought and expression . # ND2017 https : //t.co/IIxd1g0Hk7
... all of which amounts to the suppression of free speech . These practices are destructive of learning and the pursuit of knowledge . # ND2017
... characterized by speech codes , safe spaces , tone policing , administration-sanctioned political correctness ...
While this institution has maintained an atmosphere of civility and open debate , far too many campuses across America have become ...
Your education at @ NotreDame has been exceptional -- but to whom much is given , much will be required . # ND2017 https : //t.co/ScVPYIssBu
Your education here has prepared you for a life of service to your families , to your communities , and to our country . # ND2017
To all who have come from near & amp ; far to share in this moment , congrats to a generation of promise - the @ NotreDame Class of 2017 ! # ND2017 https : //t.co/28ZJZ2D43X
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking at the 2017 @ NotreDame Commencement Ceremony . Congrats , Class of 2017 : https : //t.co/dk0zwsF0ao # ND2017 https : //t.co/DFLMyCqjYR
Arrived at @ NotreDame for the 2017 Commencement Ceremony . So glad my mom Nancy is able to join . # ND2017 https : //t.co/aod7Xm7Xl3
It 's good to be back in Indiana . Looking forward to delivering the Commencement Address tomorrow at @ NotreDame . # ND2017 https : //t.co/101Bor1O38
Outstanding visit to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base to show our gratitude to men & amp ; women serving the US . Wheels up on AFII ! # ArmedForcesDay https : //t.co/eNOQ2RyAuu
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP : `` @ POTUS Trump is fighting tirelessly every day , and we will rebuild our military , restore the arsenal of democracy . '' # A…
RT @ VPComDir : . @ VP : Today , in communities large & amp ; small ... the American people are taking a moment to pause to say thank you to you heroes # …
At Wright-Patterson Air Force Base touring a C-17 . The airmen and women who serve our nation are incredible heroes . # ArmedForcesDay # VPinOH https : //t.co/oB6oBnoBK8
Today we recognize what our Armed Forces do every day but we also recognize those brave family members who stand beside them # ArmedForcesDay https : //t.co/q2vLNngqXQ
Took a call from @ POTUS on his overseas trip while meeting mil . families on # ArmedForcesDay . They shouted a big hello to the Comm . in Chief ! https : //t.co/B3BFt3dDlk
5,200 service-members & amp ; 1,900 reservists are stationed at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base . We 're grateful for all . # ArmedForcesDay # VPinOH https : //t.co/L3cV5n1VwZ
To wear the uniform of the United States is to earn the eternal appreciation & amp ; the prayers of all who call our nation home . # ArmedForcesDay https : //t.co/PsseoM60tc
Today , all of America celebrates the men and women of our Armed Forces . # ArmedForcesDay https : //t.co/ZBaG95nUsO
. @ POTUS Trump is fighting tirelessly to rebuild our military and restore the arsenal of democracy . # ArmedForcesDay https : //t.co/5EnVcNIXLd
The American people thank those heroes who protect our freedom , our families , and our very way of life . # ArmedForcesDay https : //t.co/S2JSpcv4V3
To all the men and women of the United States Air Force and your families who are here – happy # ArmedForcesDay . https : //t.co/XfdXaLxv5H
TUNE IN ! Looking forward to our celebration of the Armed Forces . Thank you for your service https : //t.co/zCxwhbMDSK # ArmedForcesDay # VPinOH https : //t.co/P755RUcD29
Karen & amp ; I were glad to see @ RepMikeTurner , @ WarrenDavidson , & amp ; members of our Armed Forces when we landed in Ohio . # ArmedForcesDay # VPinOH https : //t.co/LA5KoYZkqO
( 2/2 ) ... economic liberties , religious freedoms , & amp ; human rights . @ POTUS Trump 's administration is committed to achieving that vision .
On Cuban Independence Day , @ POTUS Trump reaffirms that Cuban people deserve peaceful government that upholds democratic values ... ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/c5BNZfu3fJ
Thank you @ GroveCtyCollege for inviting me to address your graduates . The class of 2017 has a bright future . Now wheels up to Ohio ! # VPinOH https : //t.co/zxXGhIGPvd
RT @ SecondLady : Thank you to all the men and women serving for our country ! ! I have so much appreciation for you in my ❤️ ! ! ! 🇺🇸 https : //t.c…
Thank you @ GroveCtyCollege Pres . McNulty , faculty , & amp ; students for the degree Doctors of Law , Honoris Causa . It 's an honor . # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/v2wJhNqjVG
. @ GroveCtyCollege Class of 2017 – this is your day – the future is yours . Congratulations . # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/QiGPFEbYti
From this day forward , @ GroveCtyCollege Class of 2017 , you are called to lead fearlessly . # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/VluU8oL2ct
Anyone who dreams big will encounter those who think small , who dares to step forward will find those who ’ d rather stay put . # GCCGrad2017
You hold within you all that you need to leave this place and lead with courage . # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/DBf2Pj8AHR
All of you , without exception , are called to be leaders no matter where you go from here . # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/VDjDqKSWyt
You have received an education not just in facts and figures – but in principled leadership grounded in faith and freedom . # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/HDLH7IIkgv
To parents , family & amp ; friends , congrats to the largest graduating class in the history of @ GroveCtyCollege , the Class of 2017 . # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/syQaBlKkrq
TUNE IN ! I 'm at @ GroveCtyCollege delivering the 2017 Commencement address . Congrats , grads ! # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/BEUBwtGRPP https : //t.co/HmhQIuA1ib
Arrived at @ GroveCtyCollege , & amp ; met ​Kurt & amp ; Margie Kondrich , & amp ; their daughter , Chloe . Thanks for the book about your journey , Chloe ! https : //t.co/7YHbA7tCtr
RT @ POTUS : THANK YOU to all members of the Armed Forces ! https : //t.co/lHwkuEuAwX https : //t.co/U4mzKJiyT2
And , on this # ArmedForcesDay , thankful to meet Leo Connelly , a Vietnam War Veteran . Thank you to all of our Armed Forces for your service . https : //t.co/wWSuNXXO2f
Wonderful meeting this welcoming group of community & amp ; business leaders after we landed . On to @ GroveCtyCollege ! # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/Vc6PJla6Qp
Our impressive U.S. Air Force crew surprised @ SecondLady & amp ; me with Air Force II flight jackets . Thanks to all our airmen & amp ; women . https : //t.co/eCrynneC2t
Getting ready to depart from JBA ! Next stop - & gt ; @ GroveCtyCollege for the 2017 Commencement . Congratulations , grads ! # GCCGrad2017 https : //t.co/BfHecVhy7r
Looking forward to this weekend , travelling to Pennsylvania , Ohio , & amp ; Indiana . First stop will be the Grove City College Commencement . https : //t.co/nhwiKQTYqg
. @ POTUS will repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare , cut taxes , end regulations , enact real education reform , rebuild our military , & amp ; restore prosperity
Joined the Council for National Policy , leaders in the conservative movement , who w/ @ POTUS are renewing the conservative vision in our time https : //t.co/4Mh6GOf44c
Before @ POTUS departed for foreign trip , we had a productive budget meeting with Budget Director Mick Mulvaney at the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/IljZaFTtXq
Wishing @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS the best of luck on their first foreign trip in office . It will be historic . https : //t.co/A2pp05GFyo
RT @ VPPressSec : From @ washingtonpost - @ VP Pence says @ POTUS Trump remains focused on policy priorities , including tax cuts . https : //t.co/N…
. @ POTUS will never stop fighting for the American people & amp ; the agenda he promised to restore prosperity and opportunity . https : //t.co/gVFdZykJDd
. @ POTUS wants to partner to create more jobs – to generate more growth – and to forge renewed opportunity and lasting prosperity .
Welcomed Pres . @ JuanManSantos of Colombia to the VP 's Residence for a breakfast & amp ; to continue discussions on trade & amp ; economic partnership . https : //t.co/5QyfDjAhlX
Joined @ POTUS in meeting w/ Colombian Pres . @ JuanManSantos . We 'll work together to target drug trafficking & amp ; strengthen econ . partnership . https : //t.co/LM4Kc5jB2J
Productive listening session at the @ WhiteHouse with @ POTUS & amp ; members of Congress for the Office of American Innovation . https : //t.co/5G4xPLAXxP
Appreciated seeing my friend , @ GovMattBevin , at the @ WhiteHouse . He 's doing an outstanding job fighting for the people of Kentucky . https : //t.co/Xnihlg0Z80
( 2/2 ) ... principles into practice from the @ WhiteHouse - to put America back to work and get our economy moving again .
Enjoyed seeing Art Laffer & amp ; his family earlier today at Laffer Associates 57th Washington Conference . @ POTUS is putting Art Laffer 's ... ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/XFZkL6SKg9
WATCH : From the very first day of this administration , @ POTUS has been fighting to restore jobs & amp ; opportunities . https : //t.co/9YhbVWL78K
Thanks to the leadership of @ POTUS , there is no better time to invest in America . https : //t.co/3jhxMDpGb6
. @ POTUS & amp ; our administration will work tirelessly to ensure that all of our trade policies w/ all of trade partners are mutually beneficial .
Know this – @ POTUS Donald Trump will sign into law the most consequential tax cut in American history .
. @ POTUS is firmly committed to renewing America 's reputation as the premier investment destination in the world . https : //t.co/14Dhv8gHmQ
From factories to finance , from real estate to retail , you recognize that investing in America means investing in success . https : //t.co/62muMJBPgP
. @ POTUS will never stop fighting for issues that matter most to the American people– good jobs , safe streets , & amp ; a boundless American future . https : //t.co/90ju5pCMO4
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking with business leaders at the Invest in America ! 2017 Summit - & gt ; https : //t.co/U7E83Sj2j8
Asian-Americans & amp ; Pacific Islanders contribute every day to everything that makes America thrive & amp ; @ POTUS & amp ; the American people are grateful https : //t.co/MbqyUKdu48
For the better part of our nation 's history , the people of Asia & amp ; the Pacific have come here in search of a better life & amp ; a brighter future https : //t.co/G8tV4Gytyj
Today I welcomed an outstanding group to join our celebration of Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month . https : //t.co/EDuRfqIUUi
. @ POTUS is firmly committed to strengthening the Asian-American and the Pacific Islander communities in the years ahead . https : //t.co/uoiPHLVdB4
This month has been a time to celebrate all the contributions of Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders throughout our country ’ s history . https : //t.co/Rx2HqNTgDZ
. @ POTUS has proclaimed May 2017 as Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month . Learn more : https : //t.co/GhXkD1dDg7 https : //t.co/1LsNY6RhYv
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ VP delivers remarks at the Asian American & amp ; Pacific Islander Heritage Month reception : https : //t.co/6X4Uyf25…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was my great honor to deliver the # CGACommencement17 at the @ USCGAcademy . CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017 !
➡️h…
Follow along and stay tuned for more photos from the official @ instagram account of the Office of the Vice President https : //t.co/FLiLM91IHp
Welcomed the family of the late Sheriff 's Deputy Carl Koontz to @ WhiteHouse . His son Noah got a close look at Pres . Teddy Roosevelt 's desk ! https : //t.co/Hjtdon8WmM
Enjoyed seeing some Hoosier heroes at the @ WhiteHouse earlier . Thank you to the Indiana State FOP for all you do ! # NationalPoliceWeek https : //t.co/yzv4h4O9xL
Proud to join @ POTUS for discussion of issues w/ NATO ally Turkey including the plight of pastor Andrew Brunson : https : //t.co/LiAXhPuMVX- https : //t.co/tpxHTAAxM3
Thanks to the @ IndianaMuseum for T.C . Steele 's painting - `` Blue Hills in the Distance '' - that 's now hanging in my office at the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/U7rjzxQfAw
( 2/2 ) `` ... stronger demand from overseas and soaring optimism following the election of President Donald Trump . '' https : //t.co/ZLlx5cRkMH
`` U.S. factory activity was stagnant through much of 2016 but picked up early this year amid steady job creation , a stable dollar , ... '' ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/ZLlx5cRkMH
ICYMI : At yesterday 's # PeaceOfficersMemorial Service , @ POTUS said he stands w/ law enforcement without apology -- and he always will . https : //t.co/SooFBMnmiu
Touching to see the family of late Howard Co. , IN Sheriff 's Deputy Carl Koontz at # PeaceOfficersMemorial service . They remain in our prayers https : //t.co/dBm7Tmi6s4
RT @ realDonaldTrump : # PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and
# PoliceWeek Proclamation : https : //t.co/o4IXVfZuHw https : //t.co/UMJ6hklx4a
I had the honor to speak w/ @ POTUS at the annual National # PeaceOfficersMemorialDay Service . Watch my full remarks : https : //t.co/bxk5X10MfB
To all who wear the uniform of law enforcement , we appreciate you every week , but especially # NationalPoliceWeek . https : //t.co/8iu0JE1AgI
During # NationalPoliceWeek , a privilege to welcome the @ IndStatePolice Honor Guard & amp ; their families to @ WhiteHouse . Thanks for all you do . https : //t.co/UuRbv8Tw7v
. @ POTUS has now called on Robert Lighthizer as @ USTradeRep to bring his extraordinary career to help restore trade that is both free & amp ; fair . https : //t.co/Hbio7zshjQ
With @ USTradeRep Robert Lighthizer , @ POTUS ' cabinet is complete . POTUS promised trade that puts America first & amp ; he 's keeping that promise . https : //t.co/aXQq2miiTL
WATCH LIVE : I 'm speaking at the swearing-in ceremony for U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer ➡️ https : //t.co/12KF6kxmu8
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ VP participates in the swearing-in of @ USTradeRep Robert Lighthizer : https : //t.co/jYil98Ot35 https : //t.co/3g…
. @ POTUS knows that to Make America Safe Again we must restore the tradition of respect & amp ; honor owed to all law enforcement officers . https : //t.co/1oqoG9R7mx
The men and women we remember today came from all across our country and served in federal , state , and local law enforcement .
We gather to honor the sacrifice & amp ; comfort the families of members of the law enforcement community who lost their lives in the line of duty
( 2/2 ) ... who are gathered here to mark the 36th National # PeaceOfficersMemorialDay Service .
Today it is my privilege to welcome so many courageous men and women of law enforcement and the families of the fallen ... ( 1/2 )
( 2/2 ) ... to develop a strategy to better prevent & amp ; prosecute crimes of violence against our law enforcement officers .
During # NationalPoliceWeek , honored to join @ POTUS & amp ; the families of fallen police officers as he directs the Dept . of Justice ... ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/hKKewULjMA
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ POTUS delivers remarks at the 36th annual # PeaceOfficersMemorialDay Service : https : //t.co/z6TismTiQm https : /…
RT @ WhiteHouse : On # PeaceOfficersMemorialDay we remember all law enforcement officers who paid the highest price . Flags are to be lowered t…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Wishing @ FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends !

Happy…
Happy Mother 's Day to all moms , especially to my own mom & amp ; to my wife Karen , who 's been an incredible mother to our 3 kids . Thank you all ! https : //t.co/VrKov5S8ge
In this week 's address , @ POTUS addresses America 's college graduates preparing for the next steps of their careers . Congratulations ! https : //t.co/zuNJQDzlPm
On # MilitarySpouseAppreciationDay congrats to Brittany Boccher , 2017 Military Spouse of the Year ! Great to meet you at @ WhiteHouse this week https : //t.co/ajy9g8da4z
Outstanding afternoon . `` I 've often said there 's nothing better for the inside of a man than the outside of a horse . '' -Pres . Reagan # VPinMT https : //t.co/vagCjbLnxD
Thank you to Crow Nation tribal leaders for an incredible horseback tour of Absaloka Mine with @ SteveDaines & amp ; @ SecretaryZinke . # VPinMT https : //t.co/K854DuKzh7
On our flight to Montana , @ SteveDaines briefed me on our upcoming listening session with business and energy leaders . # VPinMT https : //t.co/0tbyZvdGyR
Glad to have @ SteveDaines on board Air Force II headed to meet the people of Montana ! # VPinMT https : //t.co/OcDdagQmG3
Looking forward to it , @ SecretaryZinke ! # VPinMT https : //t.co/aRK2UzoGDf
Headed west tomorrow for events in Montana . Will be the first sitting VP to visit Billings , MT in a decade . Follow along using # VPinMT ! https : //t.co/valbKKyBa2
Proud to chair @ POTUS ' bipartisan Presidential Commission on Election Integrity to ensure honesty in the American election system . https : //t.co/YjE9Blyz8V
It was humbling to join people of faith at the first-ever World Summit in Defense of Persecuted Christians : https : //t.co/bHlUhsBytT https : //t.co/5qF1Bv4MVb
Under @ POTUS , America condemns persecution of any faith , of any kind , in any place , at any time , and we will combat it with all our might . https : //t.co/HPEH2n7JB4
This President is confronting those who commit terror – no matter the home , hut , or cave in which they try to hide .
The Christian communities where the message of our Lord was first uttered and embraced are often targets of unspeakable atrocity .
America was , & amp ; is , & amp ; ever will be that gleaming city on a hill – where men & amp ; women of faith can walk openly & amp ; worship freely .
I ’ m here on behalf of @ POTUS as a tangible sign of his commitment – a commitment to defending Christians & amp ; all who suffer for their beliefs .
TUNE IN ! I 'm speaking in D.C. at the World Summit in Defense of Persecuted Christians NOW ➡️ https : //t.co/D6bv93w8d2
Today I met with Foreign Minister @ PavloKlimkin & amp ; emphasized unwavering U.S. support for Ukraine ’ s sovereignty and territorial integrity . https : //t.co/RzF9GfFWDd
Another busy day but made sure to take time while I was on Capitol Hill to say hello to visitors from all over the U.S. # MeetTheVP https : //t.co/G6aotYQBAJ
Welcomed @ GroceryMakers to the @ WhiteHouse today , an org . that plays a key role in the lives of the American people & amp ; the life of our nation https : //t.co/IzCndCuGOc
( 3/3 ) We have great men & amp ; women serving the FBI . I 'm confident @ POTUS will choose an individual who will lead FBI to even greater heights .
( 2/3 ) @ POTUS provided strong & amp ; decisive leadership to restore trust & amp ; confidence of the American people in the FBI .
( 1/3 ) @ POTUS made the right decision at the right time to remove Comey as the head of the FBI . https : //t.co/NnJIGv0lbH
RT @ SecondLady : Pence family rabbit hops into spotlight at White House event @ CNNPolitics https : //t.co/Yo4SBuEgKb
The American people are grateful for those who serve in uniform and just as grateful for the families who stand by their side . https : //t.co/HkhTjiHI9G
. @ POTUS and our entire administration are committed to working every day to rebuilding our military & amp ; restoring the arsenal of democracy .
On @ POTUS ' behalf , I want to thank our military spouses for not only the families that you build & amp ; serve , but for the difference you make . https : //t.co/NVfVH58y7V
RT @ SecondLady : # MarlonBundo had so much fun with the military children @ WhiteHouse today ! # MilitaryAppreciationMonth https : //t.co/IovnBqOY…
Marlon Bundo 's ( # BOTUS ) debut at the @ WhiteHouse ! He was excited to meet the military families gathered today . https : //t.co/pKHMs3JaQW
In @ POTUS , America ’ s Armed Forces & amp ; all our military families have a strong leader who ’ s looking out & amp ; fighting for them every single day . https : //t.co/BZ0ngS2s8D
It 's a great honor on behalf of the First Family & amp ; in the midst of Nat'l Mil . Appreciation Month to welcome military families to @ WhiteHouse https : //t.co/FtaP5lFHnR
Children of military families coloring pics of Marlon Bundo awaiting his arrival . @ SecondLady & amp ; I ca n't wait to join https : //t.co/N4883BxjZk https : //t.co/zKat80LwZx
On Capitol Hill today meeting with Senators , including @ SenCapito , about health care , tax reform , and other issues . https : //t.co/Si3niIfFVQ
And we ca n't wait for military families to meet Marlon Bundo , our pet rabbit making his 1st @ WhiteHouse appearance : https : //t.co/yk0nm9nKIS https : //t.co/IDzBEqlBb2
Looking forward to hosting military spouses & amp ; families in honor of Military Appreciation Month & amp ; an early Military Spouse Appreciation Day . https : //t.co/WqUwd9poR2
Enjoyed meeting Teachers of the Year a few weeks ago w/ @ POTUS . On # NationalTeachersDay , we honor teachers for making a positive difference . https : //t.co/JT1CkDwsTW
. @ KofC leadership visited my office at the @ WhiteHouse - thanks for all that you do in communities around our nation . https : //t.co/SkOTc2X7bw
RT @ WhiteHouse : Today , @ VP Pence and @ SecondLady Karen Pence hosted Veterans of the Northern Colorado # HonorFlight . # USA🇺🇸
# ICYMI : https : //…
RT @ SecondLady : A memorable day as I joined @ VP to host Honor Flight vets in honor of Public Service Recognition Week & amp ; # MilitaryAppreciati…
An honor during Nat'l Mil Appreciation Month & amp ; on # VEday to thank real heroes . Full remarks : https : //t.co/ECSPra6z5G https : //t.co/e7fxrstefk
( 2/2 ) That 's why the spending bill that @ POTUS signed includes a $ 21 billion increase for the Armed Forces . https : //t.co/aKscacVvlD
It 's a privilege to serve as VP to a @ POTUS who is so committed to the men & amp ; women of the Armed Forces , their families , & amp ; our veterans ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/MAM4SZgBbC
The US Naval Academy Cyber Security Team- the 2017 NSA Cyber Defense Exercise Champions- visited the @ WhiteHouse . Incredibly proud of them . https : //t.co/DoiY2dTV8q
Along with @ POTUS , thanked PM @ KvirikashviliGi for 872 Georgians fighting w/ NATO in Afghanistan . https : //t.co/ucaDoNnyVa
Today , as we celebrate the 72nd anniversary of Victory in Europe Day , it is an honor & amp ; a privilege to be w/ so many who fought in WWII . https : //t.co/hWP1YO46R2
Joined @ POTUS to welcome Georgian PM @ KvirikashviliGi to @ WhiteHouse & amp ; reaffirmed commitment to Georgia 's territorial integrity . https : //t.co/yBcamLM3UK
Today we thank our veterans . We honor you . And we resolve to defend the freedom that you won for us with your service and your sacrifice . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/k1oxDuF8S8
The sons & amp ; daughters of America will remember your names until the world stops turning , & amp ; your valor & amp ; your victory will echo for eternity . https : //t.co/jPJ2XLX22I
The men and women who have worn the uniform are America ’ s most cherished heroes .
RT @ WhiteHouse : LIVE at 1:45pm : @ VP hosts Honor Flight vets in honor of Public Service Recognition Week & amp ; # MilitaryAppreciationMonth https : …
Joined @ SecShulkin , @ SecPriceMD , Jared Kushner & amp ; @ IvankaTrump for a discussion re : biomedicine & amp ; how we can usher in a new era of innovation https : //t.co/ZYztxHU9iJ
During their visit to DC , vets of the N. Colorado Honor Flight will see several memorials , including the WWII , Korean & amp ; Vietnam Memorials .
Learn more about the incredible veterans from the Northern Colorado Honor Flight visiting the @ WhiteHouse : https : //t.co/RRVkmTdWoM
On behalf of @ POTUS & amp ; to honor Public Service Recognition Week & amp ; Nat'l Mil . Appreciation Month , I look forward to hosting Honor Flight vets . https : //t.co/1TO9tGvE6c
. @ POTUS : `` My fellow Americans , since Day One my admin . has been hard at work tearing down the barriers to job creation and economic growth . '' https : //t.co/gIl8t40Ym3
Thanks to @ POTUS ' leadership , our administration took several steps this week to # MakeAmericaGreatAgain : https : //t.co/VrBauUCasO https : //t.co/tfqAUmkbgI
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work !
And I 'd like to thank the men and women who work at @ WRBethesda , serving our incredible heroes .
Today I visited @ WRBethesda . Always inspiring to meet real American heroes . We will forever be grateful for their service . https : //t.co/gEIbf8NEUw
RT @ realDonaldTrump : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! https : //t.co/UR0eetSEnO
RT @ SecretaryZinke : Nothing brings people together like # DoggieDay . I got to meet 80+ @ Interior employees and dogs today . https : //t.co/kbwE…
Enjoyed hosting Cinco de Mayo reception on behalf of @ POTUS . Read my remarks here : https : //t.co/iHTZf2hN2Q

Happy Cinco de Mayo to all ! https : //t.co/LMWTR3aVWn
RT @ NASA : Have you seen @ NASAHubble ’ s new Frontier Field pic ? Several 100 galaxies tied together by the mutual pull of gravity https : //t.co…
More positive news on @ POTUS ' jobs , jobs , jobs agenda ➡️ 211,000 jobs added last month & amp ; unemployment rate lowest in more than 10 years . https : //t.co/xSgwIUvmjL
Joined @ SecretaryAcosta to host Hispanic leaders at the @ WhiteHouse to strengthen our relationships & amp ; discuss ways to ensure prosperity . https : //t.co/5iEbFPFapj
Economically , culturally , in our churches , towns & amp ; cities across our country , Mexican-Americans & amp ; Hispanic-Americans are making a difference https : //t.co/BeDktyKqlJ
WATCH LIVE ! Karen and I host a Cinco de Mayo reception at the @ WhiteHouse ➡️ https : //t.co/CW760i2hMu
Thanks to @ POTUS ' leadership welcome to the beginning of the end of Obamacare . We 've taken a historic first step to repeal & amp ; replace Obamacare https : //t.co/BF5rMY3Q13
Proud to stand w/ @ POTUS on the # NationalDayOfPrayer as he signs an exec order that reaffirms the role faith plays in our nation . https : //t.co/8ztIB2dIOI
Enjoyed hearing @ StevenCurtis perform at @ POTUS ' event recognizing # nationaldayofprayer at the @ WhiteHouse . Outstanding performance ! https : //t.co/lj4TVIfe68
Every President has issued a proclamation in honor of this day - but not every President has done so at the @ WhiteHouse # nationaldayofprayer
In 1952 , President Truman & amp ; Congress established the # NationalDayofPrayer- a time each year for the American people to turn to God in prayer
WATCH LIVE ! @ POTUS & amp ; I join faith leaders from across the U.S in the Rose Garden for a # NationalDayofPrayer event ➡️ https : //t.co/7QjBXF4ujn https : //t.co/vdjapdZVTT
RT @ WhiteHouse : During the last 8 years , Americans have been under attack from the federal government for following the tenets of their fai…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Religious liberty is enshrined in the First Amendment of our Constitution as a founding principle of our nation . https : //t.…
Privileged to join students from Mount Paran Christian School for a prayer this morning at the @ WhiteHouse on the # NationalDayOfPrayer . https : //t.co/ktGCFZITTJ
Life is winning in America because of the courage , conviction and prayers of the pro-life community . An inspiring evening at the # SBAgala ! https : //t.co/cZ31OB8VyN
Let 's strive to finish the work of Susan B. Anthony—to ensure life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness ring true . # SBAgala https : //t.co/8NtQ3SvfId
It 's my greatest privilege to serve a @ POTUS who is dedicated to caring for our most vulnerable . # SBAgala
For the first time in a long time , America has an administration that ’ s filled from top to bottom with defenders of life . # SBAgala
RT @ SBAList : LIFE is winning again in America - @ VP Mike Pence at # SBAgala # ProLife https : //t.co/PNr1qOUmVI
LISTEN as I take the stage at @ SBAList 's Campaign for Life Gala to reaffirm @ POTUS Trump ’ s promise to fight for life https : //t.co/aE0zfM4bR8
On the eve of the National Day of Prayer , it is an honor to join @ POTUS & amp ; @ SecondLady in welcoming religious leaders to the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/5NDFE2LJTG
At the Capitol this afternoon for various meetings on health care and other important issues with @ SeemaCMS & amp ; @ SecPriceMD . https : //t.co/4P4qHVEDfj
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was an honor to stop by a # SchoolChoice event hosted by @ VP Pence and @ usedgov Secretary @ BetsyDeVosED at the @ Whit…
Welcomed students to WH because Congress is poised to pass a bill that @ POTUS will sign that 'll give new life to DC Opportunity Scholarship . https : //t.co/xLaEEzjgWE
And I got to say hello to some students from T.C . Howe High School from Indiana . Happy to host some Hoosiers at the @ WhiteHouse ! https : //t.co/jlDJjk1tSW
( 2/2 ) ... BASIS Charter School , and all of the students and parents who were able to join us at the @ WhiteHouse . Great to meet you all !
Thank you to Saint Anthony Catholic School , Cornerstone School of Washington , DC , Georgetown Visitation Preparatory School ... ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/hfrQkNo9zH
( 2/2 ) ... young , striving Americans to defer their dreams for another day or for another decade . https : //t.co/Yyxl7HfaVL
. @ POTUS : Every child has the right to fulfill their potential , and , if we do our jobs , then we will never have to tell ... ( 1/2 ) https : //t.co/zKkS1TIQdN
WATCH LIVE ! Sec . @ BetsyDeVosED & amp ; I join students at a school choice event at the @ WhiteHouse : https : //t.co/SCOlBvcg2G https : //t.co/CkYC4iaIXd
Kicking off the Month of May with my friend , @ IMS President @ jdouglas4 . Keeping the milk tradition alive at the Indy 500. https : //t.co/XTC2fPMqrq
Happy birthday to a great governor of Indiana , @ GovHolcomb . Proud of you and your leadership of the Hoosier State .
Welcomed the @ LugarSeries to the @ WhiteHouse . What an outstanding group of Hoosier women who are a real inspiration ! https : //t.co/efR6qaireQ
Today we celebrate and marvel at all that Israel and her people have accomplished . https : //t.co/9AfbMhVjWr
Let me say with confidence , to all gathered here – @ POTUS stands without apology for Israel – and always will .
Since the moment of their independence , the Israeli people have awed the world with their strength of will and their strength of character . https : //t.co/0fZjOaa2KW
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm speaking at the Israel Independence Day Commemoration event at the @ WhiteHouse :
https : //t.co/wKQoHBvkQt https : //t.co/Xp75A8o2lV
Passing through the Rotunda and Statuary Hall and saying hello to visitors is always a fun part of my visit to the Capitol . # MeetTheVP https : //t.co/wXDeA4sEjB
Happy to see an inspiring group of Hoosier women from @ LugarSeries visit the Capitol . They work to empower women to serve in public office . https : //t.co/dxM2PKQ3Yk
. @ POTUS : After years of partisan bickering and gridlock , this budget bill is a clear win for the American people .
This budget deal expands the D.C. school choice program , a vital victory for some of the nation 's most vulnerable students .
. @ POTUS : There is no long-term bailout for the insurance companies that the Democrats wanted to subsidize the badly failing Obamacare .
This budget bill , under @ POTUS ' leadership , also includes important health care resources for our great coal miners .
. @ POTUS : We achieved the largest increase in border security funding in 10 yrs , w/ enough money to make a down payment on the border wall . https : //t.co/USCBMUQoFP
Thanks to @ POTUS , this is the first time in six years that defense spending has grown without corresponding non-defense hikes .
. @ POTUS : In our new budget deal , we have finally ended years of painful cuts to our military and achieved a $ 21 billion dollar increase . https : //t.co/YQzB7PiNYi
. @ POTUS ' highest priority is the safety & amp ; security of the American people - and this spending bill is a major victory for national security .
TUNE IN ! Speaking with @ rushlimbaugh live now .
This @ POTUS is the best friend that America 's small biz will ever have . He knows small biz are the engines of our economy # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/ebje5BEM5I
Congrats to all nominees for Nat'l Small Biz Person of the Year . Happy to be w/ them , @ SBALinda & amp ; @ IvankaTrump during # SmallBusinessWeek . https : //t.co/If53BpIiqZ
. @ POTUS & amp ; I both know the sacrifices required to make a biz work . We know that when small biz is strong America is strong # SmallBusinessWeek
This week , with @ POTUS , we celebrate all that small biz have achieved , and all that you do for America every single day . # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/XVKnYPoq3a
Congratulations to the National Small Business Person of the Year – Garrett and Melanie Marrero from Maui Brewing Company # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/x1uNgDwnBL
LISTEN LIVE ! Celebrating # SmallBusinessWeek by speaking at the National Small Business Week Awards Program : https : //t.co/hMYQMQfQNd
With Community Bankers at the @ WhiteHouse , I said the CHOICE Act is a common-sense bill that repeals Dodd Frank & amp ; empowers consumers & amp ; biz . https : //t.co/a9U83FnIHc
Honored to stand w/ @ POTUS as we work to unleash the potential of the American economy & amp ; create more American jobs . # SmallBusinessWeek https : //t.co/Y5M9V7iqjB
Stopping by @ CBSThisMorning , broadcasting live from the East Room in the @ WhiteHouse . Tune in now !
WATCH ➡️ @ POTUS in this week 's address : `` In just 14 weeks , my administration has brought profound change to Washington . '' https : //t.co/jmx8brvOXx
100 days of @ POTUS Trump leadership and we are just getting started . Will discuss it with @ chucktodd and @ MeetThePress . https : //t.co/bDPNeVRbYt
TUNE IN ! I 'll be chatting with @ chucktodd on @ MeetThePress this morning about @ POTUS ' accomplishments after # 100days & amp ; more .
RT @ realDonaldTrump : I will be interviewed on @ FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day !
WATCH LIVE ! Joining @ POTUS as he signs an E.O . on the Establishment of the Office of Trade and Manufacturing Policy : https : //t.co/17SnMK3Exy
Earlier today , I had the high honor of meeting the incredible heroes who served on the previous USS Indiana during WWII . https : //t.co/NER6UkFpWw
A privilege to be at the @ USNavy reenlistment and promotion ceremony for these three sailors . Thank you for your service . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/EoTejtnaEB
This USS Indiana is a worthy inheritor of the name and legacy of our state . What an honor to be part of the christening ceremony . https : //t.co/2Agb1pxxTx
I am personally grateful to everyone who has lent their talent , time , & amp ; treasure to the USS Indiana – & amp ; I know that @ POTUS is thankful , too .
It is deeply humbling for this son of Indiana to be here today at the christening of this mighty and majestic boat . https : //t.co/X2nIHFfOk5
In his first # 100days , @ POTUS has already taken decisive action to end the era of budget cuts to America ’ s military & amp ; security .
It 's my honor & amp ; distinct privilege to be here for the christening of the USS Indiana – soon to be the best-named boat in the @ USNavy . https : //t.co/DhbxuJYBh8
Watch the christening ceremony of the USS Indiana LIVE from Virginia at https : //t.co/nfmNRW3kst https : //t.co/vt09X0ntyo
The USS Indiana – the 3rd @ USNavy vessel to bear the name , and the first submarine . Great honor to be here as Vice President & amp ; a Hoosier . https : //t.co/wCpHgpktbh
Landed at @ JBLEnews in Virginia and thanked the courageous servicemen and women stationed here and their families for their service . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/Eq6wg0unsA
On our way to Newport News , VA for the USS Indiana 's christening ceremony , the @ USNavy 's newest Virginia-class fast attack submarine . https : //t.co/oAynVYedSl
RT @ SecondLady : Me & amp ; @ VP face timing with a service member deployed while standing with his family at our pool party for military children.…
During @ POTUS ' first # 100Days he has fulfilled promise after promise & amp ; we 're already seeing results . Together we will # MakeAmericaGreatAgain https : //t.co/qdRrHBGQnW
RT @ SecondLady : With April being the month of the Military child , @ VP and I hosted a pool party at the VP Residence for kids of parents dep…
During the Month of the Military Child , it was such a joy for Karen & amp ; me to host kids of troops overseas at the Vice President 's Residence . https : //t.co/FYP9Cj4Po1
During @ POTUS ' first # 100Days , we have taken the initial steps toward a bold and brave new future for America ’ s space program . https : //t.co/APH5YgNk19
. @ SecretaryAcosta will be a valuable member of @ POTUS ' @ Cabinet who will serve a key role in supporting American jobs & amp ; job growth . https : //t.co/tOJWRtzXHU
WATCH LIVE ! This morning , @ SecretaryAcosta will be sworn in as the new U.S. Secretary of @ USDOL . https : //t.co/yFBZ2pyauG
Welcomed my friend , @ onetoughnerd , to the @ WhiteHouse for a conversation on the economy , jobs , & amp ; workforce development for the 21st century . https : //t.co/CFDmPUpruh
RT @ realDonaldTrump : We are making tremendous progress with the V. A . There has never been so much done so quickly , and we have just starte…
Congrats Dr. @ OscarBiscet , a human rights , pro-democracy activist in Cuba for receiving @ theCHLI Leadership in International Relations Award
. @ POTUS took office committed to reforming the government to serve the American people - and we 're seeing results : https : //t.co/xHi824Dqb4 https : //t.co/VKfETFd8Hr
Thanks to @ POTUS ' leadership , @ DeptVetAffairs is being fixed . Today , he took a crucial step to ensure our veterans receive world-class care . https : //t.co/gcuI5JdQT0
WATCH LIVE ! Joining @ POTUS at @ DeptVetAffairs as he signs Improving Accountability & amp ; Whistleblower Protection E.O . : https : //t.co/jaIw20fwGV https : //t.co/om6qmOgu5H
Honored to join @ POTUS as he welcomed President @ mauriciomacri of Argentina to the @ WhiteHouse this afternoon . https : //t.co/T4PTiVjyJf
Fun morning at the @ WhiteHouse visiting with children during `` Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day '' in the Rose Garden with @ POTUS . https : //t.co/OWZFURPOAS
Under @ POTUS ' leadership , this admin . is taking action to create jobs for the American people - and it 's working : https : //t.co/xHi824Dqb4 https : //t.co/R3XMxxLjco
And Karen and I were honored to say hello to Hoosier Jitka Nelson , the Teacher of the Year from Indiana . Congratulations ! https : //t.co/vxgpfUHrNA
What a privilege to welcome Teachers of the Year from around the U.S. to the @ WhiteHouse w/ @ POTUS , @ FLOTUS , @ SecondLady & amp ; @ BetsyDeVosED https : //t.co/FFOBLmlIkF
Honored to be with @ POTUS & amp ; @ BetsyDeVosED as the President signed an Executive Order to help restore local control over education . https : //t.co/AAj4FXMJQg
Proud to stand w/ @ POTUS today . He 'll work w/ the states to return power to the people who can best protect our natural & amp ; cultural treasures https : //t.co/nWD7tGj39S
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed giving children coloring books featuring our pets during our Asia-Pacific trip . The stuffed version of Marlon Bundo…
WATCH LIVE ! I 'm with @ POTUS & amp ; @ SecretaryZinke at the @ Interior as the President signs the Antiquities Exec . Order : https : //t.co/9ZakTT0wCJ
Happy birthday , @ FLOTUS ! Our nation is lucky to have such an incredible woman serve as the First Lady . https : //t.co/4tXUiHAqUB
Joined @ POTUS , @ SecretarySonny , and American farmers as the President signed an Executive Order to promote agriculture & amp ; rural prosperity . https : //t.co/P0fHCQHPgM
In his first # 100Days , @ POTUS is keeping his promises to the American people . https : //t.co/NKBrxP3K0C
Moving ceremony for the U.S . Holocaust Memorial Museum 's National Days of Remembrance . Read @ POTUS ' full remarks : https : //t.co/E614BlN9u3 https : //t.co/fsT2HtT5jL
. @ POTUS : We will confront anti-Semitism . We will stamp out prejudice . We will condemn hatred . We will bear witness . And we will act . https : //t.co/BtSBeRJA1S
Congratulations , @ SecretarySonny . Excellent choice by @ POTUS for America 's farmers . We have great faith in your leadership running @ USDA . https : //t.co/cDyCkEjmnG
Under @ POTUS , the U.S stands shoulder-to-shoulder w/ our friends around the world . So proud of our men & amp ; women stationed in the Asia-Pacific https : //t.co/EEoQYbHjA7
An honor & amp ; a privilege to represent @ POTUS & amp ; the American people while meeting w/ key allies & amp ; troops in the Asia-Pacific . https : //t.co/4Jp5vyddwl
Our last stop before leaving Hawaii was a briefing at @ PacificCommand & amp ; met some of the incredible Americans who are defending our nation . https : //t.co/UFOsdRmn17
Thanks Hawaii . Last stop on busy visit supporting @ POTUS plans to grow & amp ; defend our allies across Asia-Pacific . Next stop : Washington , DC . https : //t.co/8HeT58IugT
. @ POTUS will be the best friend the American Armed Forces will ever have in the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/FoQDFhvatt
Sitting down for lunch in Hawaii at @ JointBasePHH with servicemen and women from all 5 military branches . Thank you all for your service . https : //t.co/HnUZEVPHT3
RT @ DeptofDefense : At 6:30 p.m. EDT @ VP Pence makes remarks to service members at @ JointBasePHH . WATCH LIVE on https : //t.co/ApEyqLY4J1 . htt…
RT @ POTUS : Today , I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation .
# HolocaustRemembranceDay
Read the proclamation here : https : //t.co/vBop…
Happy to have visited w/ our troops in American Samoa yesterday . It 's been an honor to spend time w/ our servicemen & amp ; women during this trip https : //t.co/EiNmfuNSXu
Congratulations to @ AstroPeggy for a record-breaking career . @ POTUS , the American people , and I are proud of your accomplishments & amp ; service .
The brave men and women serving in the @ USArmyReserve are heroes . Thank you for your service to our nation , and happy 109th birthday . https : //t.co/7LqnQW58DS
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyable visit to American Samoa ! Next stop is Hawaii . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/BF2HIq0L2X
Day 9 : Visited American Samoa , thanked the troops serving there . Thanks @ RepAmata & amp ; Gov . Lolo Matalasi Moliga for welcome . Ended day in HI . https : //t.co/jQr44U9i1K
We 've made it to Hawaii . Full day of meetings tomorrow , then back to D.C. https : //t.co/zEKdnbjfCa
Thanks to Rep. Amata Coleman Radewagen for hosting an enjoyable visit to American Samoa & amp ; the many men & amp ; women who serve our country here . https : //t.co/E7aHFlxOhD
It is my pleasure to visit American Samoa & amp ; thank US service members stationed here as we travel back from Australia toward home . https : //t.co/zIkITnh08g
RT @ SecondLady : Wonderful visit to Australia ! Thank you for the fantastic hospitality ! https : //t.co/99CExClMB0
Thank you Australia for an excellent visit . Look forward to building on our long-standing alliance . Next stop : Pago Pago # VPinAUS https : //t.co/fuVpu8e68G
# VPinAUS Day Eight : Thanked the staff & amp ; families at @ USConGenSydney , toured Sydney Harbor , Government House , & amp ; the Opera House . https : //t.co/0IuMY9NagE
Spectacular way to end our last full day in Sydney with a tour of the iconic Opera House . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/avkTzPyKYd
It was a pleasure to be welcomed to Government House in Sydney by H.E . The Hon . David Hurley , Governor of New South Wales . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/gf22WuzMjf
Thanks to NSW Premier 4 hosting beautiful Sydney Harbor tour . The stunning views are only surpassed by friendly Australian people . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/u0M1x3jErH
Thanks @ tarongazoo for a fun and informative visit . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/Af2dhxn8cs
Could n't visit Australia without seeing the kangaroos . Karen , Charlotte , Audrey and I enjoying our morning visit to @ tarongazoo . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/wMhKnhHxcb
On our last full day in Sydney , Karen and I wanted to say thank you to the staff and families at @ USConGenSydney . https : //t.co/85gPRdC9I3
Proud to represent @ POTUS - alliance b/w Aus . & amp ; U.S is a beacon that shines not only throughout Asia Pacific but across the world # VPinAUS https : //t.co/u3cQlxy2c6
# VPinAUS Day Seven : Visited with PM @ TurnbullMalcolm and Australian gov't leaders and had in-depth discussion w/ business leaders in Sydney . https : //t.co/MinAWM1fw9
RT @ SecondLady : Great to listen to the art therapists in Sydney and learn how they are helping people through art therapy . They 're doing gr…
Under @ POTUS Trump , the bond between the United States and Australia will continue to grow and thrive . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/c4QZhKIXCU
The truth is that a stronger American economy means a stronger economy for Australia and for all our trading partners . # VPinAUS
Under @ POTUS Trump , the US pledges to continue to work w/ Aus . to forge even greater opportunity & amp ; prosperity for both our nations . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/z5QSUe2bXQ
Countless American companies export tens of billions of dollars ’ worth goods and services to Australia every year . # VPinAUS
Thank you for the honor and opportunity to be at the American Chamber of Commerce in Australia . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/iZOzKE1iXO
Meeting with business leaders in Australia to see how we can make a very good economic relationship even better . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/G2ygWn6LC0
Honoring US & amp ; Australian military who have stood shoulder-to-shoulder in fight for freedom & amp ; against tyranny for nearly a century . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/AmzNkTmckm
We are partners in security , we are partners in prosperity , and together we are bound by our historic alliance . # VPinAUS
As the PM & amp ; I reaffirmed , under @ POTUS ' leadership , the U.S & amp ; Australia will stand firm & amp ; stand strong in the face of North Korea # VPinAUS
The historic U.S.-Australia alliance is a beacon that shines throughout the Asia-Pacific and the wider world . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/bt5HFJIRoy
The historic United States-Australia alliance is more vital than ever to regional security and prosperity . # VPinAUS
My visit here today , to Australia , is yet another sign of the United States ’ steadfast commitment to this region . # VPinAUS
PM @ TurnbullMalcolm , thank you for the hospitality you have shown me & amp ; my family . It is an honor to be here on behalf of @ POTUS . # VPinAUS
Productive and reassuring meeting with Prime Minister @ TurnbullMalcolm . The US-Australian alliance is historic and enduring . # VPinAUS . https : //t.co/DNapycDO4E
PM @ TurnbullMalcolm , thank you for the hospitality you have shown me & amp ; my family . It is an honor to be here on behalf of @ POTUS . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/IMQMMbo5v7
Honored to meet with Governor-General Sir Peter Cosgrove , Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II 's representative to Australia . # VPinAUS . https : //t.co/zAWPFT69cP
Tomorrow , I 'll continue my visit in Sydney , Australia . Use the hashtag # VPinAUS , and follow @ VPComDir & amp ; @ VPPressSec for updates ! https : //t.co/APCOuX2Oec
# VPinAsia Day Six : Thanked US Embassy staff & amp ; their families for their service , met w/ Indonesia business leaders , & amp ; departed for Australia . https : //t.co/k9bxmaQwef
Hello Australia ! Busy day of meetings start tomorrow . # VPinAUS https : //t.co/m9UaUkRhL6
RT @ SecondLady : Wonderful Batik Exhibition by the Textile Museum of Indonesia ! ! Amazed by the intricate details that goes into making the f…
Thank you Indonesia . I 'm impressed by everything I have seen – your commitment to freedom , law , human rights & amp ; religious diversity # VPinASIA https : //t.co/8T3GdIwN60
Thank you Indonesia for a great visit . Looking forward to building upon our strategic partnership . Next stop Australia . # VPinASIA # VPinAUS https : //t.co/vMCv5jx1nA
Loved starting our last day in Indonesia saying hello and thanking the staff and families of @ usembassyjkt in Jakarta . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/ZtOowhEDPh
Make no mistake : Under @ POTUS , the era of over-regulation is now over - and a new era of jobs and growth and prosperity has begun . # VPinASIA
The truth is that a stronger American economy means a stronger economy for Indonesia and for all our trading partners . # VPinASIA
We seek trade with Indonesia that is both free and fair - to create a `` win-win '' for both our nations and all our people . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/9irFHs02qC
As President @ jokowi & amp ; I discussed , we can & amp ; we will do more to expand commerce & amp ; prosperity between Indonesia & amp ; United States . # VPinASIA
Today , on @ POTUS ' behalf - I have the honor to be here with American & amp ; Indonesian businesses as they sign historic agreements . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/ZGMp2oVp5I
As @ POTUS Trump said yesterday , in the face of this great evil , “ we have to be strong and we have to be vigilant . ”
The terrorist attack in Paris is reminder that terrorism can strike anywhere , at any time – something that Indonesia & amp ; US know all too well .
RT @ SecondLady : Enjoyed my visit at the Indonesian presidential palace in Jakarta with First Lady Iriana Widodo . https : //t.co/1kyqOMTqZy
# VPinAsia Day Five : Met with President @ jokowi , VP @ Pak_JK , interfaith leaders , @ yseali , & amp ; @ ASEAN leaders , and toured the Istiqlal Mosque . https : //t.co/GVZByjKAMt
RT @ SecondLady : Interesting discussion with art therapists in Jakarta . They shared some encouraging stories . Keep up the good work ! # SLinAs…
FACT : @ ASEAN , with a collective GDP of $ 2.4 trillion , is the 3rd largest economy in Asia and the 5th largest in the world . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/VopdQlppST
Privileged to inform @ ASEAN leaders that @ POTUS will attend US-ASEAN & amp ; E Asia Summits in Nov in Philippines & amp ; APEC mtg in Vietnam # VPinASIA https : //t.co/HR8o8hcfDN
Future looks bright in Southeast Asia thanks to great programs like @ YSEALI that help prepare future business and civic leaders . https : //t.co/QISsIy5ppg
RT @ VPPressSec : In Indonesia @ VP Pence calls moderate Islam an inspiration and says religion unifies , it does n't divide . # VPinASIA https : //…
Deeply honored to meet with interfaith leaders highlighting Indonesia 's commitment to religious pluralism , tolerance and freedom . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/YvTYfx2biT
Humbled to tour the Istiqlal Mosque . Holding 200,000 , it 's the largest mosque in the largest Muslim-majority country in the world . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/GatRs2kJPy
RT @ POTUS : Tune into @ NASA TV for coverage of our # Airman headed to # Space ! Launch coverage begins @ 2:15 a.m. EST . Watch here : https : //t.c…
Enjoyed discussions this morning with @ jokowi . Heading now to meet with Indonesia 's Vice President & amp ; Ministers to continue talks . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/yehjBh7KFc
Today , on @ POTUS Trump 's behalf , I have the privilege of reaffirming the United States ’ strategic partnership with Indonesia . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/JPEJDuGsUz
We must level the playing field to ensure that American exporters can fully participate in the Indonesian market . # VPinASIA
Under @ POTUS leadership , the US seeks trade relationships that are free & amp ; fair , spur job creation & amp ; econ growth for both parties . # VPinASIA
Under @ POTUS , US & amp ; Indonesia will work even more closely for mutual benefit of our nations , our people , & amp ; SE Asia as a whole . # VPinASIA
As world 's 2nd/3rd largest democracies we share many common values : inc freedom , rule of law , human rights & amp ; religious diversity # VPinASIA
As 1st member of admin to visit SE Asia , @ POTUS sent me here as sign of high value US places on strategic partnership w/ Indonesia # VPinASIA https : //t.co/LCyp4hZdKx
Honored to visit with President @ jokowi to share @ POTUS Trump warm greetings & amp ; reaffirm our strategic partnership with Indonesia . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/TMAzL6rU5n
Thank you to the men & amp ; women of USS Reagan for welcoming me yesterday . You make us all proud . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/GaVBKCizQv
# VPinAsia Day Four : Visited our sailors on USS Ronald Reagan & amp ; met w/ biz leaders , softball/baseball fans , & amp ; Embassy staff families in Japan https : //t.co/1Y6DdXqdY8
Wheels down in Jakarta , Indonesia . Looking forward to building on our strategic partnership during our visit . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/XRUpgfvyIv
RT @ SecondLady : Ikebana is the Japanese art of flower arrangement . The tradition dates back to the 7th century when floral offerings were m…
RT @ SecondLady : Awesome tour of USS Ronald Reagan and the museum that 's in his honor . # VPinASIA # SLinASIA https : //t.co/e5XeU1yxTx
Back on Air Force Two and heading to Indonesia . Thanks to everyone for a productive and substantive visit in Japan . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/uNp6xUeq4l
A love of baseball is one of many things that bind American & amp ; Japanese culture . Great to see young people active & amp ; having fun . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/R5HH8dv5qh
Honored to receive the Mt . Fuji Dialogue Global Leadership Award today in Tokyo . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/ULFGhrXeER
Under @ POTUS leadership , the US seeks stronger & amp ; more balanced trade relationship w/Japan . Our goal is simple : trade that 's both free & amp ; fair . https : //t.co/yFEXl3EXLX
This Dialogue presents US & amp ; Japan with opportunity to deepen our econ ties & amp ; foster jobs , prosperity , and growth on both sides of Pacific . https : //t.co/VJ407NvrQW
Our econ partnership w/Japan could still be even stronger & amp ; that ’ s why @ POTUS is taking critical steps to strengthen our bond in years ahead
Japanese-owned biz employs 839K US workers . Japanese direct investment in US topped a stunning $ 411B- 2nd most of any nation . # VPinASIA
Privilege to speak with members of American Chamber of Commerce in Japan & amp ; Japanese business leaders on @ POTUS economic message . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/qEGO078WjM
Thanks to the men and women of USS Ronald Reagan . Meeting the crew of @ Gipper_76 was one of the highlights of my visit to Japan . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/4KWRRrd9CO
Our choice today is the same as in ages past : Security through strength , or an uncertain future of weakness and faltering will . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/EjwMkEVhQk
The United States will always seek peace , but under President Trump , the shield stands guard and the sword stands ready . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/5LiiIkIhXz
The enemies of our freedom would do well not to test the resolve of @ POTUS – or the capabilities of the Armed Forces of the U.S. # VPinASIA https : //t.co/fcJiH0ilg3
Rest assured , the full range of United States military capability is dedicated to the protection of Japan . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/RfJBotRlyM
. @ POTUS sent me here to thank you for your service – all of you , who have stood up & amp ; stepped forward to protect our countries . # VPinASIA
It is my high honor and distinct privilege to join you here today aboard the U.S.S . Ronald Reagan . # VPinASIA
Tune in ! Speaking with the men & amp ; women of USS Ronald Reagan to thank them for their service to our nation : https : //t.co/p5ApbuHiJN # VPinASIA https : //t.co/e2dHhIfRT9
Great crowd on the flight deck of USS Ronald Reagan . Looking forward to joining you shortly . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/nZYa7OtKD9
Headed to USS Ronald Reagan to thank our sailors & amp ; reiterate @ POTUS commitment to rebuilding our military . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/rWcoDuzj7S
ICYMI : On Day Two of # VPinASIA , I received a briefing at the DMZ and spoke with American and South Korean Troops — & gt ; https : //t.co/U0K0GiIO1J
# VPinAsia Day Three : Arrived in Japan , met w/ Japan 's PM @ AbeShinzo , spoke with Deputy PM Taro Aso , and visited Sensoji Temple with Karen . https : //t.co/J2OPDJObzT
RT @ SecondLady : Toured Sensoji Temple shopping street in Tokyo with my daughter , Audrey . We saw so many beautiful places along the way ! htt…
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to participate in the first-ever art therapy session at St. Luke 's International Hospital in Tokyo w/Japan 's top ar…
Dialogue presents US & amp ; Japan with opportunity to deepen our economic ties to foster jobs , prosperity & amp ; growth on both sides of Pacific .
At direction of @ POTUS & amp ; Prime Minister Abe , Dep Prime Minister Aso & amp ; I have great privilege to formally launch US-Japan Economic Dialogue .
Beginning the dialogue with Japanese Dep Prime Minister Aso to develop framework for growing the economy in both our countries . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/G8n980jZ0t
During my meeting w/ PM @ AbeShinzo , I repeated what @ POTUS Trump told him earlier this year - the US remains a committed partner . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/DfJSFCfwfT
Arrived in Japan to continue the # VPinASIA trip . Looking forward to more productive conversations with a key American ally . https : //t.co/RLsuMa1t5T
. @ POTUS has made it clear that the United States will pursue trade that is both free and fair . # VPinASIA
Most concerning is the fact that the U.S ’ trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled since KORUS came into effect . # VPinASIA
But despite the strong economic ties between the U.S & amp ; SK , we have to be honest about where our trade relationship falls short . # VPinASIA
My message to South Korea is : We are with you 100 % . Even in these troubled times , we stand with you for a free & amp ; secure future . # VPinASIA
Our alliance w/ South Korea is grounded in the shared values of freedom , free markets , & amp ; a strong economic partnership . # VPinASIA
. @ POTUS asked me to come here as a sign of his commitment to the U.S ’ long-term alliance & amp ; economic partnership w/ South Korea . # VPinASIA
It 's an honor to be w/ American Chamber of Commerce Korea , including leaders of the American & amp ; South Korean business communities . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/UniL48t8jn
RT @ SecondLady : Great interacting with the children at Yonsei Severance Hospital in Seoul and learning how they use art therapy . https : //t.…
RT @ SecondLady : Visited the beautiful Changdeokgung Palace where there 's a secret garden and a wealth of Korean history . https : //t.co/YTQM9…
# VPinAsia Day Two : Briefing at the DMZ , productive meeting with Acting President Hwang , & amp ; visiting with @ USEmbassySeoul staff & amp ; our troops . https : //t.co/ez7XlanDcX
Always a highlight to visit w/ our dedicated embassy staff & amp ; their families . The team at @ USEmbassySeoul does great work for USA . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/mxCfaFs57M
WATCH my interview w/ @ DanaBashCNN from DMZ at 6a on @ NewDayCNN . We talk N Korea & amp ; my father who earned Bronze Star in Korean War # VPinASIA https : //t.co/hy9GC5BkLl
Privilege to represent @ POTUS in meeting with Nat'l Assembly Speaker Chung & amp ; reaffirm our commitment to ironclad US-ROK alliance . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/n2SGysXmfJ
Our 2 nations have bled together . We 've prospered together . And , the people of the USA & amp ; S Korea will face the future together . # VPinASIA
Strategic patience has been the approach of last admin & amp ; beyond . That approach has failed . The era of strategic patience is over . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/0bUYtGxXuo
The alliance between S Korea & amp ; the US is the linchpin of peace & amp ; security on the Korean Peninsula and indeed throughout the Asia-Pacific .
The USA stands shoulder-to-shoulder w/ the ROK , & amp ; the 37,500 Soldiers , Sailors , Airmen , & amp ; Marines on this frontier of freedom . # VPinASIA
My message to S Korea is : We are with you 100 % . Even in these troubled times , we stand with you for a free & amp ; secure future . # VPinASIA
On behalf of @ POTUS , I am here to express the unwavering support of the United States for our longstanding alliance with S Korea . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/YsSRgMMSC9
Honored to discuss w/ Acting President Hwang our treasured alliance with ROK which is linchpin of peace & amp ; security in the region . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/KqWuS8MhMh
As the father of a US Marine , I understand the sacrifice of our troops & amp ; their families . Thank you for your service . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/NyktEjiw2F
Meaningful visit to DMZ where 64 years ago my dad earned Bronze Star in Korean War . His medal stays close in my West Wing office . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/e2OCJsEiIK
These brave service members from the US and South Korea stand guard as freedom 's first line of defense . https : //t.co/SQyHnbEXRL
Proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with US & amp ; S. Korean troops at DMZ . Today I reaffirmed that under @ POTUS Trump our resolve is undeterred . https : //t.co/q7kBAbotP9
Proud to represent @ POTUS & amp ; the U.S. in South Korea today - here are some scenes from Day One of my Asia-Pacific trip . # VPinAsia https : //t.co/j4eAEXsNhb
Like millions of Americans , my family will commemorate the Resurrection of Jesus Christ , when the mourning of Good Friday gave way to joy . https : //t.co/HolW6E3oPv
We are so thankful for the blessing of these incredible patriots , and it was a privilege for Karen & amp ; me to spend Easter with them . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/Xh8AUeRPb9
RT @ SecondLady : Honored to join US & amp ; Korean service members for church and lead prayer before the fellowship dinner in Seoul . Happy Easter ! …
It was a distinct honor to join US & amp ; South Korean service members for fellowship during Easter service in Seoul . Happy Easter ! # VPinASIA https : //t.co/0yca2Bk0qa
At Seoul National Cemetery , I laid a wreath to honor South Koreans who sacrificed their lives for the cause of freedom . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/y825FCKZPC
We have arrived in South Korea . Looking forward to spending Easter with our troops & amp ; bringing them warm regards from @ POTUS Trump . # VPinASIA https : //t.co/Vz4VVCzTVC
Took advantage of our refueling stop to sit down with @ AkGovBillWalker . Next stop is South Korea . Back on our way ! # VPinAsia https : //t.co/b38TgKT3NO
Taking off from JBA for my first trip to the Asia-Pacific region as Vice President . Follow along with updates using the hashtag # VPinASIA . https : //t.co/JWa9x2A9q4
Tomorrow I 'll begin my trip to Asia-Pacific to visit US troops & amp ; key American allies . Follow along with # VPinASIA , @ VPComDir , & amp ; @ VPPressSec . https : //t.co/zGb5AHpxkf
Pan American Day reminds us of our shared history & amp ; commitment to promoting freedom and democracy throughout the Americas & amp ; Caribbean . https : //t.co/XtZ3SXgcTS
This Good Friday , Karen & amp ; I join Christians around the world remembering the sacrifice made for us on the cross . https : //t.co/gvhpPFxDgR
RT @ VPPressSec : TUNE IN at 10:30 for a preview of @ VP Pence 's trip to visit US troops & amp ; discuss stronger econ ties in Asia-Pacific w/ @ kwelk…
Today , @ POTUS signed legislation that restores state control over Title X family planning funds . https : //t.co/XFvQqd6A64
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta 's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon ! https : //t.co/ZtC1…
RT @ VPPressSec : WATCH at 9:30am on @ FoxNews with @ BillHemmer for a preview of @ VP Mike Pence 's upcoming trip to S. Korea , Japan , Indonesia…
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great meeting w/ NATO Sec . Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share & amp ; focus on th…
RT @ WhiteHouse : Join LIVE as @ POTUS holds a joint press conference with NATO Secretary General Stoltenberg ➡️ https : //t.co/zsc6QbtD9F https…
. @ NASA continues to inspire millions & amp ; will focus its mission on deep space exploration , supporting our economy , & amp ; nat'l security interests . https : //t.co/l357mKWG3B
RT @ POTUS : Welcome home Shane ! # USA🇺🇸 https : //t.co/jWlg2Sbrow
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Great Strategic & amp ; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO 's from around the United States . # Ame…
`` For too long , we 've punished production in America and rewarded companies for leaving our country . We 're going to reverse that . '' — @ POTUS https : //t.co/w5uU6w3LTd
Happy # NationalPetDay , Marlon Bundo , Oreo , and Pickle ! Lucky to have you part of our family . https : //t.co/4LeKBJBbPs
Karen & amp ; I offer our warmest wishes to those celebrating Passover in the United States , Israel & amp ; in countries around the world . Chag sameach ! https : //t.co/gZq3nK9AH4
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court . A great day for America ! …
`` And most of all , and most importantly , they see a man who is deeply faithful to the Constitution of the United States . '' — @ POTUS # Gorsuch
`` In Justice Gorsuch , they [ Americans ] see a man of great and unquestioned integrity . They see a man of unmatched qualifications . '' — @ POTUS https : //t.co/4XC4ujTwEV
Honored to be with Justice Gorsuch , his wife Marie Louise , & amp ; their daughters at the @ WhiteHouse as @ POTUS hosts today 's swearing-in ceremony https : //t.co/NdIQrO0pIw
An honor & amp ; a privilege to join @ POTUS in congratulating the next Associate Justice of the Supreme Court , Justice Neil Gorsuch . # SCOTUS https : //t.co/NmfJxmmWc1
RT @ WhiteHouse : Watch LIVE as @ POTUS attends the swearing-in of the Honorable Neil Gorsuch in the Rose Garden ➡️ https : //t.co/aK4sdrU8Mp ht…
Historic day as @ POTUS hosts swearing-in ceremony for Judge Neil Gorsuch at the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/9EfLapGRDc
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Thank you @ USNavy ! # USA https : //t.co/oD7L8vPgjq
Excellent work & amp ; dedication from Sec . Zinke & amp ; Rolling Thunder this morning washing the Vietnam War Memorial . Thank you for your service . https : //t.co/Ctm7kKwnTm
WATCH : `` We 're only 11 weeks in , but already my administration has achieved historic progress for the American people . '' - @ POTUS https : //t.co/13Y6btdKfM
RT @ realDonaldTrump : ... confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly .
Karen & amp ; I are praying for the victims and their loved ones in Egypt . I share @ POTUS ' thoughts below . https : //t.co/SEfASOpKYj
Thank you , too , to the dedicated servicemen & amp ; women who serve our heroes at @ WRBethesda . They give their best to America 's best every day . https : //t.co/mARlVH8TGd
It was my great honor to spend time with wounded warriors & amp ; their families at @ WRBethesda today . These American heroes inspire us all . https : //t.co/xmTEdJkMa5
RT @ realDonaldTrump : Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States , and the world , so well in the…
RT @ cspan : . @ VP : `` The nomination of Neil M. # Gorsuch of Colorado to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States is co…
Presided in the Senate during the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch & amp ; then stopped by to see some visitors in the Rotunda ! https : //t.co/Hjdsum5pPK
The nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch of Colorado to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States is confirmed .
Honored to arrive at Capitol to preside in the Senate during the confirmation of Neil Gorsuch to serve as Associate Justice of the # SCOTUS . https : //t.co/7NLmCX0vn0
RT @ PressSec : WH photo ( ed for security ) : @ potus receives briefing on # syria military strike fr Nat Security team , inc @ vp , SECDEF , CJCS v…
RT @ POTUS : Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike ... ... https : //t.co/3nUzrdiGzX
As the proud parent of a Marine , it is the greatest privilege to serve as VP to @ POTUS who cares so deeply about our armed forces & amp ; veterans https : //t.co/il1fgYQqzI
What a privilege to welcome the Indiana Volunteer Firefighter Association to the @ WhiteHouse . Thanks for what you do for the Hoosier State ! https : //t.co/zKQRH1wBxu
RT @ VPPressSec : . @ VP Mike Pence & amp ; @ SecondLady to visit US troops and key American allies in Asia-Pacific later this month . https : //t.co/NNL…
Travelling to the Asia-Pacific region to emphasize @ POTUS ' continued commitment to U.S. alliances & amp ; partnerships . — & gt ; https : //t.co/VNYtJH4mSI https : //t.co/NW9YV6cuB8
Karen & amp ; I were honored to join @ POTUS & amp ; @ FLOTUS to host heroes from the @ WWP Soldier Ride . Thank you to these men & amp ; women for your service . https : //t.co/Gox23KWh6c
WATCH LIVE : @ POTUS & amp ; I host heroes from the @ wwp Soldier Ride at the @ WhiteHouse ➡️ https : //t.co/VFNCcoJT0h
In case you missed my interview with @ marthamaccallum on @ FoxNews yesterday , you can watch a clip here . https : //t.co/60Uk7ciwvN
RT @ realDonaldTrump : JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
https : //t.co/XGOQPHywrt https : //t.co/B5Qbn6llzE
RT @ SecondLady : On this National Gold Star Wives Day , the @ VP and I honored those whose husbands made the ultimate sacrifice . https : //t.co/…
These women & amp ; their families have sacrificed so much for our nation . On Gold Star Wives Day , Karen & amp ; I offer our thanks & amp ; prayers . https : //t.co/Kk0KZ3uFLo
Tune in now to @ FoxNews to watch my interview with @ marthamaccallum about world events , health care , & amp ; @ POTUS ' first 100 days .
. @ POTUS ' commitment to securing border & amp ; supporting law enforcement is showing results . Excellent work by @ DHSgov Sec Kelly & amp ; @ CustomsBorder https : //t.co/8LL1kcNQcz
Showed @ marthamaccallum the desk in my ceremonial office , which was built for Pres . T. Roosevelt & amp ; has been signed by many Vice Presidents . https : //t.co/Ijm4Vqq1Ol
In-depth conversation with @ marthamaccallum about world events , health care , & amp ; @ POTUS ' first 100 days . Tune in tonight at 7 P.M. on @ FoxNews https : //t.co/YoJ4ydYLIc
We now have a builder in the @ WhiteHouse . See @ POTUS ' remarks yesterday at # NABTU2017 . https : //t.co/He8Ad3ZXN7
Welcome to the team ! https : //t.co/gJcXFA7nx7
As @ POTUS said , today 's chemical attack in Syria against innocents can not be ignored . Read the full statement here : https : //t.co/2uWp0T4Srg
After welcoming visitors to the @ WhiteHouse this morning , it 's only fair to greet some visitors at the US Capitol this afternoon ! https : //t.co/oVbERl6dMk
Proud to introduce @ POTUS at CEO town hall . In-depth discussions on workforce development , modernizing gov't & amp ; unleashing American biz # MAGA https : //t.co/cqG6RrnB8N
Welcomed a few visitors - including some Hoosiers from an Indiana @ BGCA_Clubs - to the @ WhiteHouse ! Enjoy your visit to D.C. ! https : //t.co/rc0PUmej2F
RT @ realDonaldTrump : It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @ WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership between…
Hello , @ instagram ! The official account for the VP 's office is up . Follow it and stay tuned for more photos - & gt ; https : //t.co/kWy52D3yec https : //t.co/ThklpaUMW3
RT @ WhiteHouse : Today @ POTUS welcomes the President of the Arab Republic of Egypt , Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , to the White House . https : //t.co/d…
Last night , @ POTUS recognized # WorldAutismAwarenessDay to celebrate the ways individuals w/ ASDs make priceless contributions to our nation . https : //t.co/LaSsVUl6iS
And yesterday , I was in Ohio , touring a small biz & amp ; talking w/ job creators about how we plan to get gov't off the backs of job creators ! https : //t.co/bumjJVpkFg
On Friday , @ POTUS took decisive action to level the playing field on international trade – because we put American jobs & amp ; workers first .
On Friday , the @ ShopFloorNAM met with @ POTUS & amp ; me about how manufacturing companies have n't been this optimistic in more than 20 years . https : //t.co/yjgy2jTAu9
On Tuesday , @ POTUS signed an exec order to put us on the path to energy independence & amp ; give job creators the low-cost power needed to grow . https : //t.co/1hsXmtRu1l
On Monday , @ POTUS and I met with woman small business owners to discuss how this administration plans to get America working again . https : //t.co/HcWznOCzFD
Thanks to @ POTUS , this was another great week for American jobs . 🇺🇸
Thanks for an outstanding visit , @ Dynalabinc ! @ POTUS & amp ; I will continue our efforts to support small biz & amp ; hardworking job creators . # VPinOH https : //t.co/XnL1tqr5wv
. @ POTUS is never going to stop fighting to keep the promises he made to the American people – and we will Make America Great Again . # VPinOH
Yesterday , @ POTUS & amp ; I joined the @ ShopFloorNAM to announce that manufacturing companies haven ’ t been this optimistic in 20 years . # VPinOH
Thanks to our new President , it ’ s been a great week for American jobs . # VPinOH
. @ POTUS knows what all of you know : That when manufacturers are strong , America is strong . # VPinOH
. @ Dynalabinc is a true success story . You ’ ve been doing what our nation does best – developing big ideas & amp ; bringing ‘ em to life . # VPinOH
LISTEN LIVE : I 'm at @ Dynalabinc in Ohio talking about how @ POTUS & amp ; I plan to get America working again !
https : //t.co/16xqYE32ET
# VPinOH
Small biz owners are more confident in the nation 's direction under @ POTUS . Productive conversation w/ @ senrobportman at @ Dynalabinc # VPinOH https : //t.co/yvrtX1gOns
Welcome to Air Force II , @ PatTiberi and your daughters Angelina , Daniela & amp ; Cristina ! Glad to be in Ohio . # VPinOH https : //t.co/dkxQfkYGSj
Looking forward to our conversations later w/ American small biz owners & amp ; local job creators at @ Dynalabinc in Ohio ! # VPinOH
RT @ SecondLady : What a fantastic week ! ! From honoring military spouses to learning more about art therapy ... very happy to serve ! ! ❤🇺🇸 https…
These are the U.S. Navy Submarine Junior Officers of the Year . Incredible young men and women . Thank you all for your service . 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/gzslFy3qas
RT @ SecondLady : Presented Kate , an art therapist , with a watercolor I created of the VP residence as a way to say thanks to @ nyphospital . @ …
RT @ POTUS : A new surge in optimism is sweeping across our land ! # MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸 https : //t.co/abY0G6CQOZ https : //t.co/Qm8nUN1k80
Pleasure to meet with Secretary @ CondoleezzaRice . Glad to get her insights during her visit to the @ WhiteHouse . https : //t.co/vvyrQxZftf
WATCH LIVE : @ POTUS welcomes the @ ShopFloorNAM to the @ WhiteHouse for an announcement at 11 AM — & gt ; https : //t.co/qCu6AMYQjk
Joined @ POTUS yesterday to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark , @ larsloekke , an important security partner in defeating ISIS .
. @ POTUS delivers his Weekly Address to the American people . Tune in at 10 A.M. to watch live ! # MakeAmericaGreatAgain https : //t.co/KsqawfWzEH
RT @ SecondLady : An up close look at the art therapy program , provided by @ tracyskidsdc at @ nyphospital today ! So amazed by the difference a…
It was my honor to break tie vote in Senate overturning last minute Obama rule & amp ; restoring state control over Title X family planning funds . https : //t.co/jebspF3F3K
RT @ POTUS : # ConfirmGorsuch # SCOTUS https : //t.co/k2FiTsHbBf
Glad to see @ SenatorIsakson is back on the floor of the U.S. Senate working for our country and the people of Georgia . https : //t.co/2CE5g1iJ71
Be sure to follow @ VPPressSec for official updates from the Office of the Vice President ! # MAGA https : //t.co/5JKdSjsqXt
Busy day in D.C. , but always happy to make time to meet visitors touring the Capitol . https : //t.co/4q6JG8wP0E
RT @ realDonaldTrump : . @ FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women 's Empowerment Panel this afternoon at the @ WhiteHouse . https…
American women are making a difference in our administration , in our economy , and in our communities every single day . https : //t.co/96bxWfKPnG
. @ POTUS & amp ; I know that David Friedman will help us make the immutable bond between our people & amp ; the people of Israel even stronger still . https : //t.co/hoYFhMlqKL
. @ POTUS & amp ; this administration are firmly committed to ending the scourge of drug abuse and helping those who suffer from it . https : //t.co/4nbnguau2G
WATCH LIVE : David Friedman will be sworn in as the U.S . Ambassador to Israel ➡️ https : //t.co/ADPvDGShuf
Our celebration of # WomensHistoryMonth continued with an extraordinary group of women serving this administration w/ incredible distinction . https : //t.co/d2Xz5EDOFF
Thank you Pam , AJ , & amp ; Vanessa for sharing your stories on the impact drug abuse has on families . You & amp ; your loved ones have our prayers . https : //t.co/W7aiemhsdo
Today is National Vietnam War Veterans Day . @ POTUS has signed S. 305 , encouraging the display of the U.S. flag today . Thank you veterans ! 🇺🇸
RT @ POTUS : Tonight I 'm proud to sign S. 305 , which encourages the display of the U.S. flag on National Vietnam War Veterans Day tomorrow , M…
`` The action I 'm taking today will eliminate federal overreach , restore economic freedom , & amp ; allow our companies & amp ; workers to thrive . '' — @ POTUS https : //t.co/ulAbi0lUy9
Today , with the stroke of his pen , @ POTUS struck a powerful blow for low-cost energy – and for a brighter future for our country . https : //t.co/VS2WNibm2h
Always a highlight of my day - getting to meet with visitors to the U.S. Capitol . Enjoy your visit to D.C. ! https : //t.co/C9BjCbwT7g
Thank you to the courageous police officers who risk their lives to keep us safe . I pray that our officers may always return home safely .
Our technocratic state of mind `` assumes human affairs are understandable as aggregates of facts without value . '' https : //t.co/Fhup4QGbil
Is this a classic small town , or a snapshot of suburbia ? https : //t.co/H7oOm4Emse https : //t.co/IrBNidpRjF
`` Perversely enough , little makes me happier than devouring a freshly baked Spenglerian meditation on how our civilization is staggering towards decrepitude . '' https : //t.co/ycCNxhqkw0
`` Yes , the Democrats are the secular party and the Republicans are the religious party , generally speaking , but race screws up all predictions . What will happen when a much greater percentage of professing Christians in America are non-white ? '' https : //t.co/OtxpS56N2V
On foreign policy , the choice between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton is looking like no choice at all . Do n't forget it just because missiles are n't falling right now . https : //t.co/3ZHzulS49v
Mike Pompeo has been confirmed as Secretary of State . https : //t.co/M4W3DceMb3
`` U.S. leaders need to be candid with the American people and acknowledge that their decisions are based on cold calculations of national interest , not ethical considerations . '' https : //t.co/CCMYrqijJo
`` When millions of lives and billions of dollars are on the line , the zingers don ’ t sound as fun . '' https : //t.co/SVEOoz96kQ
`` Bolton merits comparison to Cato the Elder , a conservative-yet-eccentric Roman statesman who , according to Plutarch , would often and invariably call for the destruction of Carthage , even though the Carthaginian threat was neither imminent nor apparent . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdp0gl
`` I go to the movie theater alone . I weave in and out of the stacks of the Strand bookstore alone . I go to the diner alone . It is that last one I find most agreeable , in fact . '' https : //t.co/dQBEf068y5
`` Wipe clean for a moment the cartoon image of Kim as a madman and re-imagine him as a nationalist . '' It 's not crazy to imagine liberalization : https : //t.co/2mz0cbtw9y
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/LMcQUvufAn https : //t.co/OOK2ZQm912
A condemned , uninhabitable house in the Bay Area sold for $ 1.2 million this month . https : //t.co/Br5g9jMpaM
`` Suburban zoning codes and other building ordinances are largely designed to support property values and keep the gravy train of suburban construction running , rather than create pleasant and satisfying environments for people . '' https : //t.co/H7oOm4Emse
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ GrecianFormula . A denuclearized North Korea could arrest Beijing 's rise . Here 's why . https : //t.co/Bf7WwuBSso https : //t.co/qpLdw2Dmei
`` In wars of choice the mission is whatever our leaders choose it to be , which gives the citizenry ( assuming we ’ re watching closely , which we ’ re not ) no criteria with which to measure success , let alone determine an endpoint . '' https : //t.co/dJZt1660sW
`` The Bible-thumping , pro-war , free-market purist is a rare creature . So is the gun-grabbing , abortion-loving , socialist atheist . '' https : //t.co/aviJxRINJH
Two Marxist historians consider the legacy of the bloody Russian Revolution . https : //t.co/GBhWgwHtiT
`` Iran certainly does not resemble a Western-style democracy , but its political system is vastly more open than either Egypt ’ s or Saudi Arabia ’ s . '' https : //t.co/CCMYrqijJo https : //t.co/RYyLKOtEvu
`` Macron ’ s address to Congress was 'the art of the speech . ' '' Read between the lines : https : //t.co/SVEOoz96kQ https : //t.co/ssHoWxMYQm
`` It ’ s really something how the usual crowd of Pope Francis ’ s loudest supporters are staying silent here while the pontiff steps up to speak out for the child ’ s life . '' https : //t.co/y85yfWLyO3 https : //t.co/hhGvsVBqX1
You do n't know peace and solitude if you 've never gone to a New Jersey diner alone at night . https : //t.co/dQBEf068y5
RT @ CR_Morgan : Me at @ amconmag on the pleasures of public solitude . https : //t.co/BQqBgAQJdB
RT @ collinroth : Intriguing hypothesis | America ’ s Polarization Has Nothing To Do With Ideology | The American Conservative https : //t.co/www…
`` The focus in the West on nuclear issues misses the real story : Kim may be seeking revolutionary economic upheaval . There are signs *everything* is about to change . '' https : //t.co/2mz0cbtw9y https : //t.co/PuskIlHkbr
`` This has to be terrifying to British parents . What if the state decides that your child ’ s life is not worth living ? ... the Crown will have ordered your death . '' https : //t.co/y85yfWLyO3
RT @ ad_mastro : Awesome @ amconmag piece from @ CR_Morgan . Love the Route 22 reference . When I was in grad school I used to drive to Chinese b…
Signatures are being collected for Cal-Exit . Here 's what might happen if they split : https : //t.co/9ZLp6zNbOx
Just one example : `` There was the first Iraq war in 1991 , justified in part by the story of Iraqi soldiers reportedly dumping babies out of incubators to die in a Kuwaiti hospital . '' https : //t.co/45cqj0xV6j
`` Resource scarcity is the reality under which every American consumer lives who is not filthy rich . Recite that list again : glass , cardboard , sawdust , plastic , plaster , stamped tin ... .We make everything out of them . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p
In our current wars , `` 99 % of Americans have no stake . The 1 % who do are largely ID-card-carrying members of what President Dwight D. Eisenhower so memorably called the 'military-industrial complex . ' '' https : //t.co/dJZt1660sW https : //t.co/N09vWM9ZjI
RT @ ad_mastro : This aerial photo of New Jersey shows two different forms of suburbia north and south of the highway . https : //t.co/7ncxT6bUQ…
`` If only 56 percent of Americans profess belief in the God of the Bible , in even the vaguest terms , in what meaningful sense can we be said to be a Christian nation ? '' Dreher : https : //t.co/OtxpS4Pcbn
What is suburbia ? `` It is important to start out with a definition of 'suburb ' that is based not on geography but on the form of the built environment itself . '' https : //t.co/H7oOm4mL3E
NEW Ted Carpenter : Want to talk about `` credibility '' ? Giving Saudi crimes a pass sure does n't help it . https : //t.co/CCMYrq0IRQ https : //t.co/rXR33UHpWN
NEW @ wirtzbill : `` The informed reader , however , should be aware that under the façade of the eloquent speeches lies the agenda of more intervention in Syria . '' https : //t.co/SVEOoz96kQ https : //t.co/YI0QlrSF98
`` Parts of Peterson 's message are pure Stoicism . Resistance to life ’ s depredations is futile . You will suffer . Accept that , and shift your focus to the one thing that is within your control : your attitude . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
NEW @ CR_Morgan : Loneliness is bad , but solitude is underappreciated . In New Jersey , you can find solitude in a diner : https : //t.co/dQBEf068y5 https : //t.co/iOFuyxl5qK
NEW @ WeMeantWell : What if Kim Jong-Un is getting ready to be North Korea 's Deng Xiaoping ? https : //t.co/2mz0cbbVi0 https : //t.co/OdXIJSswyJ
`` Voluntarism is the fruit of an anti-civilization , and of a technological way of knowing . '' https : //t.co/Fhup4QGbil
`` Perhaps in our time , the nostalgia for vinyl records and craft beer will morph into something deeper and more philosophical : an understanding that the treasures of the past are treasures for a reason . '' https : //t.co/2Znt06VLau
The Castro family has reached its twilight , but Cuba will remain stuck so long as socialism is its dominant policy . https : //t.co/h9OAfeAGUL
`` It must be noted that Miéville is a Marxist partisan , and Marxist historians tend to be dogmatic and self-righteous . '' https : //t.co/GBhWgwZ4ar
We do n't have to understand why the old ways work to appreciate that they do . Too often we do n't . https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4
This Northern Virginia . It did n't always look like this . https : //t.co/t6chTRzvaX https : //t.co/3sOxLjnR37
`` Living as a 'global citizen ' and 'world leader ' can be rather lonely and alienating . Cultivating opportunities for homecoming is not just a romantic or reactionary notion . '' https : //t.co/24WB74mOwp
This is a 1950s main street-style commercial strip on Long Island . What 's the right term for places like this ? https : //t.co/H7oOm4mL3E https : //t.co/1zmpeboKPV
Postwar development patterns have pitted the ideals of permanence and place against each other . Stay in the placeless place that 's home - or uproot yourself to a real one ? https : //t.co/VO7C1EdsAD
One San Francisco lawmaker wants more affordable housing . Cue the fury from NIMBY leftists . https : //t.co/Br5g9k402k
`` Resource scarcity is the reality under which every American consumer lives who is not filthy rich . Recite that list again : glass , cardboard , sawdust , plastic , plaster , stamped tin ... .We make everything out of them . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX
`` Parts of his message are pure Stoicism . Resistance to life ’ s depredations is futile . You will suffer . Accept that , and shift your focus to the one thing that is within your control : your attitude . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
All suburbia is not the same : `` Early post-war construction was often adapted to the existing pre-war style rather than to the later sprawl style . '' https : //t.co/H7oOm4Emse
`` A lot of this nasty back-and-forth is built around a dangerous whataboutism : the belief that , if X says nasty things about me and my political movement , I am entirely within my rights to lob insults back at him/her . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsRK3o
Just one example : `` There was the first Iraq war in 1991 , justified in part by the story of Iraqi soldiers reportedly dumping babies out of incubators to die in a Kuwaiti hospital . '' https : //t.co/45cqj0xV6j
Signatures are being collected for Cal-Exit . Here 's what could happen : https : //t.co/9ZLp6A4MG5
`` Peterson 's book in part is about accepting the ubiquity of human suffering . No wonder reviewers do n't get it . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
https : //t.co/h9OAfeAGUL https : //t.co/BnLFd8lAeQ
`` 'Safe ' is not a synonym for 'good . ' In some cases , it is an antonym . If a beggar is being beaten on the street by teenage thugs , the safe thing to do is to stay in one ’ s house and not get involved . The good thing to do is to intervene . '' https : //t.co/HcMWsFCQLP
https : //t.co/45cqj0xV6j https : //t.co/RFakFZ8mVj
https : //t.co/H7oOm4Emse https : //t.co/pRYdkrWJr3
Conservatives should be skeptical of the `` tendency of individuals and businesses with unprecedented market power to pursue their own narrow interests in a manner that frustrates achievement of broader public goals and undermines individual liberty . '' https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
https : //t.co/45cqj0xV6j https : //t.co/VMiCkxm2k5
https : //t.co/GBhWgwHtiT https : //t.co/uQXXddkWzN
`` The Bible-thumping , pro-war , free-market purist is a rare creature . So is the gun-grabbing , abortion-loving , socialist atheist . '' https : //t.co/Vikhaq1hY2
`` What pundits don ’ t always like to talk about is how much partisans themselves increasingly disapprove of their own parties . Republicans are particularly unlikely to report positive emotions towards the GOP . '' https : //t.co/Vikhaq1hY2
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' What does that say about our generals ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB https : //t.co/JzWxBuUHj8
`` My father walked away from every debate and discussion having encouraged peace , gentleness , and a sense of dignity . Watching him was a little like staring at a photo negative of a Fox News panel . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
Allan Bloom `` cites the example of a professor who one day was reading political quotes to a group of his radical students . The students supported the quotes , Bloom tells us , until the professor informed them that their author was Mussolini himself . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
ICYMI : `` Watching 'Chappaquiddick ' is the cinematic equivalent of swallowing a hot ember—and I mean that in the best of ways . This movie unspools painfully , mesmerizingly , like a slow burning sensation working its way through your gut . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO
`` In the morning moments of central Havana , silence is punctuated by the tinny honks of 60-year-old cars , muffled televisions , ringing landlines , and the quaint sound of dial-up Internet connecting over phone lines . '' https : //t.co/h9OAfej63d
`` Some half-million children died of disease and starvation . We blamed it all on Saddam , although we controlled Iraq ’ s money flows . '' https : //t.co/45cqj0gkeL
`` Why the fierce opposition ? Perhaps it ’ s because the dominant progressive voices in California are , in fact , regressive . That is , they prefer to protect the privileges of the landed . '' https : //t.co/Br5g9jMpaM
North Plainfield , NJ . Is this suburbia ? https : //t.co/H7oOm4mL3E https : //t.co/N6IeQog2B7
Two new books feature committed leftists grappling with the legacy of the Russian Revolution . @ johnpaulomallez : https : //t.co/GBhWgwHtiT
How we used to see cars : `` It would be like if you drove a motorcycle in a hallway today and hit somebody—you couldn ’ t say , ‘ Oh , well , they just jumped out in front of me , ’ because the response would be that you shouldn ’ t operate a motorcycle in a hallway . '' https : //t.co/wdHz9f1r6I
`` 'For white males who aren ’ t inclined to engage in metaphorical self-castration every time they engage in a fraught discussion with a woman , person of color , etc. , there ’ s a strong temptation to push back by reacting in an equally extreme way . ' '' https : //t.co/bC5nNAS4va
The Benedict Option is `` not about creating a utopia ; it ’ s about learning how to survive , even thrive , in the present and coming dystopia . '' https : //t.co/YLfOuszET0
`` Peterson is not simply invoking a set of manly Victorian rules of conduct . He is fashioning an intellectual rationale that ties together biology , psychology , mythology , and existential philosophy . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
RT @ roddreher : Hey , my Dante book is back in print , this time with a new chapter -- an epilogue about my father 's death , and the gift of gr…
From the archives , @ LewisMcCrary also pondered the definition of suburbia : `` A lack of attention to form and aesthetic considerations has resulted in throwaway places that are not adaptable for future generations . '' https : //t.co/2Bxfz6i2zf
`` Macron was so preoccupied with trying to keep Trump on board with the JCPOA that he forgot that he needs Iran to accept the terms he was proposing . '' https : //t.co/kPvwUtRmny
`` The Bible-thumping , pro-war , free-market purist is a rare creature . So is the gun-grabbing , abortion-loving , socialist atheist . Perfect conservative and liberal stereotypes are hard to find in the real world . '' https : //t.co/VikhapJH6u
`` A major party is trying through the courts to delegitimize an election it lost rather than focus on winning in the coming years . '' https : //t.co/RakLxrAMmz
`` Midcentury suburbs like Massapequa Park , New York , or North Plainfield , New Jersey , are as different from the exurban fringes of Bozeman , Montana , or Leesburg , Virginia , as any of them are from true towns or rural countrysides . '' https : //t.co/H7oOm4Emse
This bill `` will not prevent any gay couple from adopting , nor will it prevent any agency from facilitating a gay couple adopting . It will only protect , say , Catholic Charities , which will not participate in gay adoptions . '' And it 's not good enough : https : //t.co/foBGr0Zq5y
`` Even Winston Churchill , that great bull of British imperialism and one of the 20th century ’ s most vocal opponents of Bolshevism , occasionally praised Lenin ’ s historical force . '' https : //t.co/GBhWgwZ4ar
`` In Cuba , both domestic and foreign businesses need to ask permission to perform daily functions such as hiring and firing employees , advertising , importing goods , and selling products . '' https : //t.co/h9OAfej63d
`` It would be almost impossible to ruin a place with California ’ s advantages . But folks in Sacramento are doing their best to try . '' https : //t.co/9ZLp6zNbOx
https : //t.co/hXAoA9uc8B https : //t.co/mx76yOswo4
`` It might be better to live a life of sober middle-class responsibility than to drift through life from pleasure to selfish pleasure , but neither way is truly Christian , or truly human . '' https : //t.co/HcMWsFCQLP
`` There ’ s plenty that ’ s noble about Rand Paul ’ s parliamentary tactics , particularly when they put cautious career politicians into a corner on important issues that senators should have voted for years ago . '' https : //t.co/vLBICW5RZJ
`` My friend wasn ’ t ready to glorify Capitol Hill in the planning textbooks . 'Well , I don ’ t know , it ’ s a bit sprawly , ' he replied . At first I was taken aback . '' https : //t.co/2Bxfz6i2zf
`` Hitchens understood that what lurked behind referring to Shakespeare , Homer , and Dostoyevsky as 'dead white males ' was not an attempt to make a positive argument for more diversity , but a negative argument against the entire Western literary heritage . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
`` Voluntarism is the fruit of an anti-civilization , and of a technological way of knowing . '' https : //t.co/Fhup4QXM9T
`` After all the hundreds of thousands of innocents abroad killed by America and the human misery caused because of clever U.S. and foreign manipulations , one would think we might pause before attacking Syria . '' https : //t.co/45cqj0xV6j
This is an aerial photo of development to the north and south of Route 22 in New Jersey . It 's all suburbia , but two different kinds . https : //t.co/H7oOm4mL3E https : //t.co/qVG48bdt3F
RT @ ISI : Do you know any of these conservatives ? https : //t.co/e3x6CvjTmH by @ georgehawleyUA via @ amconmag
`` Internet utopians only thought about the good things that the Internet and social media could do , and didn ’ t think about the terrible things—how there is an equal and opposite reaction to every positive social movement facilitated by the Internet . '' https : //t.co/YLfOusi3uq
`` U.S. hostility to the nuclear deal has always played into the hands of Iranian hard-liners , and it continues to do so . '' https : //t.co/iUPQ1YRv7k
The Democratic Party is setting a new precedent by filing a lawsuit over Trump 's `` illegitimate '' election . Thoughts ? https : //t.co/RakLxrAMmz
`` A century on , with historical hindsight , we can see with clarity the terror and crimes that the Bolsheviks , including Lenin , inflicted on the Russian people . '' https : //t.co/GBhWgwHtiT
`` Perhaps in our time , the nostalgia for vinyl records and craft beer will morph into something deeper and more philosophical : an understanding that the treasures of the past are treasures for a reason . '' https : //t.co/2Znt06VLau
`` Some amazing supporters of America ’ s disastrous misadventure there were Albania , Eritrea , Honduras , Tonga , Uganda , and Uzbekistan . Urging Americans on to their deaths probably won a few of these and other governments more American foreign aid . '' https : //t.co/CE469Kt0GK
`` His book in part is about accepting the ubiquity of human suffering . No wonder reviewers do n't get it . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvufAn https : //t.co/kRIe7s3cb8
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ AnneLHobson : In Cuba , the Castros are out , but the same old socialism is still in : https : //t.co/h9OAfej63d https : //t.co/3rwuVJhLXq
`` It may be that the answer to 'how do you keep cars from killing people ? ' is simply : you don ’ t . You re-empower the person behind the wheel to negotiate the roads with their own judgment , and trust the social fabric to direct the traffic . '' https : //t.co/wdHz9eJPI8
`` Kansas Republicans—do they get any more Republican than the kind they grow in Kansas ? Is it really the case that Kansas Republicans are unreliable protectors of religious liberty ? It sure is . '' https : //t.co/foBGr1h0X6
Signatures are now being collected for Cal-Exit . Here 's what could happen : https : //t.co/9ZLp6A4MG5
`` Hillary ’ s endgame is unclear , though she would be right if she ever said no one ever told Andrew Jackson to just go away after 1824 . '' https : //t.co/RakLxrAMmz https : //t.co/tbBvl9gaD1
`` There is virtually nowhere in the American landscape that has not been touched , or defiled , by suburbia , but suburbia is not one single pattern . '' Here are a few . @ StrongTowns @ clmarohn @ LegalTowns @ NewUrbanism @ Richard_Florida @ StreetsblogUSA https : //t.co/H7oOm4Emse https : //t.co/lVnfZh7B2G
`` Should progressivism serve the masses or the elites ? Today , the elites are enjoying the lion ’ s share of progressive gains . '' https : //t.co/Br5g9jMpaM
Just one example : `` There was the first Iraq war in 1991 , justified in part by the story of Iraqi soldiers reportedly dumping babies out of incubators to die in a Kuwaiti hospital . '' https : //t.co/45cqj0xV6j https : //t.co/muF7jvVJ2G
Revolutions `` often aren ’ t particularly rational , but rather full of contradictions and paradoxes . October 1917 was no exception . '' https : //t.co/GBhWgwHtiT https : //t.co/wHAcv3VUyB
`` If America has produced a more intelligent man—that is , at least as well rounded as Jefferson was in his intellect , perceptiveness , and creative drive—that person has yet to come forward . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
In a provocative interview , virtual reality pioneer Jaron Lanier says he ’ s sick of what he helped to create in Silicon Valley . Dreher : https : //t.co/YLfOusi3uq https : //t.co/Kldrh1DNFd
`` 'For white males who aren ’ t inclined to engage in metaphorical self-castration every time they engage in a fraught discussion with a woman , person of color , etc. , there ’ s a strong temptation to push back by reacting in an equally extreme way . ' '' https : //t.co/bC5nNB9FmI
`` We may pine for the days when Americans viewed electoral politics as a competition between the greater of two goods , rather than the lesser of two evils , but those days are long gone . '' https : //t.co/Vikhaq1hY2
How traffic used to be : `` It would be like if you drove a motorcycle in a hallway today and hit somebody—you couldn ’ t say , ‘ Oh , well , they just jumped out in front of me , ’ because the response would be that you shouldn ’ t operate a motorcycle in a hallway . '' https : //t.co/wdHz9f1r6I
RT @ Heminator : Why Christians Can ’ t Count On The GOP | The American Conservative https : //t.co/oqMdWyoZhu via @ amconmag
`` The Christian moral code must be organically linked to the felt experience of something greater . '' https : //t.co/HcMWsFlfnf
`` It would be almost impossible to ruin a place with California ’ s advantages . But folks in Sacramento are doing their best to try . '' https : //t.co/9ZLp6A4MG5
RT @ ad_mastro : This morning in @ amconmag : What is `` suburbia '' ? There 's no good answer , but I give it a shot : https : //t.co/7ncxT6bUQk
NEW Jon Utley : No one wants to be manipulated into war . So why do we keep letting it happen ? https : //t.co/45cqj0xV6j https : //t.co/OTMD0cQpfL
NEW @ ad_mastro : `` Suburbia '' is a catch-all term that includes many different development patterns . They 're not all terrible . Here are a few : https : //t.co/H7oOm4Emse https : //t.co/dknRPOWm66
One San Francisco lawmaker wants more affordable housing . Cue the fury from NIMBY leftists . https : //t.co/Br5g9k402k
NEW @ FredLucasWH : `` Possibly the most accurate headline describing the lawsuit came from the unapologetic purveyor of fake news The Onion . It said : 'DNC Files Lawsuit Alleging Nation Should Never , Ever Stop Focusing on 2016 Election . ' '' https : //t.co/RakLxrjaXZ https : //t.co/Sky2he1Fns
Two new books find committed leftists wrangling with the grisly legacy of October 1917 : https : //t.co/GBhWgwZ4ar https : //t.co/3jJXrND4c8
`` As @ DouthatNYT told the angry left , if you don ’ t like the religious right , wait until you see the post-religious right . '' https : //t.co/bC5nNAS4va
Calexit would mean a Republican president forever . https : //t.co/9ZLp6A4MG5
Conservatives should be skeptical of the `` tendency of individuals and businesses with unprecedented market power to pursue their own narrow interests in a manner that frustrates achievement of broader public goals and undermines individual liberty . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` Non-black people ( me , for example ) tend to think of housing discrimination as something in the past , engineered mostly by individuals in their private capacities . '' It 's more complicated than that : https : //t.co/VAR0vPlhe4
NEW from @ FredLucasWH : With lawsuit against `` Russian engineered '' elections , the Democrats have reached a new historic milestone https : //t.co/TXgRJVVy0o https : //t.co/YO0ASnyUH0
NEW from Jon Basil Utley on the pretty little lies ( think incubator babies in Iraq ) the govt tells to manipulate the nation into war . https : //t.co/1hIbGdZTSX
@ ScottMcConnell9 @ scotthortonshow @ GarethPorter @ JimBovard https : //t.co/3hMToPO0UJ
`` It was not long ago that Elvis Presley—one of the musicians who inspired Springsteen , John Lennon , and many other legends—had a permanent home in the American pantheon . '' Now he ' a `` cultural appropriator . '' https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P
NEW from @ ad_mastro : All this talk about suburbia -- what is it actually ? Turns out it 's more elusive than you thinkhttp : //www.theamericanconservative.com/urbs/theres-no-such-thing-as-suburbia/
@ NewUrbanism @ StrongTowns
`` Perhaps in our time , the nostalgia for vinyl records and craft beer will morph into something deeper and more philosophical : an understanding that the treasures of the past are treasures for a reason . '' https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4
`` Few would claim Jefferson was a great president , but even in the White House he was unique . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
`` Voluntarism is the fruit of an anti-civilization , and of a technological way of knowing . '' https : //t.co/Fhup4QGbil
Dreher on Williamson : `` When he ’ s good he ’ s very good , but when he ’ s bad he ’ s lousy , both morally and rhetorically . Still , he ’ d have to go very far to merit exile from the public square in my book . '' https : //t.co/R1zWq5SJRS
`` If conservatives feel like they ’ re on the outside looking in on culture-making now , just wait a decade or so—it ’ ll get worse . '' https : //t.co/huoZAcP4QH
`` Perhaps in our time , the nostalgia for vinyl records and craft beer will morph into something deeper and more philosophical : an understanding that the treasures of the past are treasures for a reason . '' https : //t.co/2Znt06VLau
Let 's not fix opioid addiction by creating the opposite problem . Dreher : https : //t.co/pC2tubf5hj
`` Military leaders deceive themselves about futile wars to extract more spending , to maintain their professional reputations and public stature , and to avoid embarrassment . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` Peterson sees the crisis of the Western world as one of emptiness , hopelessness , and nihilism . The fear of death has been largely replaced by the fear of meaninglessness . We are born alone , we die alone , and we suffer terrible crises in between . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
A new campaign tell-all documents how much Clinton resisted even her husband 's pleas to take the working class seriously . https : //t.co/eCpKriPsbL
https : //t.co/vLBICW5RZJ https : //t.co/n8CR2w74MF
`` Hitchens understood that what lurked behind referring to Shakespeare , Homer , and Dostoyevsky as 'dead white males ' was not an attempt to make a positive argument for more diversity , but a negative argument against the entire Western literary heritage . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
https : //t.co/STBmXLCtg5 https : //t.co/M2FJJftDUg
https : //t.co/CE469Kt0GK https : //t.co/bUonrVAHD4
`` We should lay down this rule : whenever something is qualified as 'modern , ' we ought to approach it with grave suspicion . Generally , it means something old and inefficient is being repackaged and sold for more than it ’ s worth . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZdQKq
https : //t.co/VikhapJH6u https : //t.co/eOBOuv2SZD
https : //t.co/Br5g9jMpaM https : //t.co/5vKhmk5fn7
`` As scientific knowledge 'catches up ' with spooky wisdom , we may come to understand and appreciate the thinking of the ancients in greater depth . '' https : //t.co/2Znt06VLau
`` The NHS and the UK courts have declared that his is a life unworthy of life . In what sense is the UK government not euthanizing Alfie Evans ? '' https : //t.co/hXAoA9uc8B
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Fhup4QGbil https : //t.co/Wx3I3e7h3N
Jordan Peterson has been called a Stoic , a conservative , a classical liberal , an alt-rightist , on and on . What do you think he is ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE
`` We can and should be free to live in small towns . But a preference for rural living shouldn ’ t be drenched in antipathy to cities . Both for our culture ’ s sake and our own , conservatives should learn to stop worrying and love the city . '' https : //t.co/huoZAcxtZ9
Conservatism is giving the benefit of the doubt to tradition . Science sometimes backs that up : https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4
RT @ ad_mastro : My latest at @ amconmag : We ( and I ! ) often rail against suburbia . So what is suburbia ? Some thoughts , with aerial and satelli…
Hillary 's `` deplorables '' remark `` reflected her private and oft-repeated taxonomy of Trump ’ s supporters , one that elicited guffaws over chardonnay and canapes across Martha ’ s Vineyard , Beverly Hills , and Silicon Valley . '' https : //t.co/eCpKriPsbL
Rand Paul is n't perfect , but the Senate , and the American people , would be worse off without him : https : //t.co/vLBICW5RZJ
`` When our party disappoints us , we should reevaluate our support for that party , becoming independent or even joining the other side . If our party identification is a crucial part of our identity , however , this is easier said than done . '' https : //t.co/Vikhaq1hY2
It 's the liberals here digging in their heels on affordable housing : https : //t.co/Br5g9jMpaM
Dreher on a very conservative homeschooling house he once saw : `` They created a 'safe space ' for their children , but I doubt very much that they created a 'good space . ' '' https : //t.co/HcMWsFlfnf
`` Silicon Valley will form its own independent , Luxembourg-like nation , where it can ignore international law and avoid paying taxes . Bay Area millionaires may pretend to still be 1960s liberals , but in practice they follow the legacy of Ayn Rand . '' https : //t.co/9ZLp6zNbOx
`` Can you imagine having devoted so many years of your life to academic study , and reaching the day when you , as a postdoc , teach a class that ’ s an introduction to your field…and your topic is gay cartooning as agitprop . '' https : //t.co/FuHixc2iAb
Help celebrate our 15th anniversary and get a full year of The American Conservative for just $ 15 ! # TACis15 https : //t.co/o01GNUSfXE https : //t.co/0SDe95a3TV
`` I doubt we will ever get the wealth we foolishly ploughed into postwar suburbs back . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
`` While the country is growing urban , conservatives are going rural . They desire to live in places that are losing population relative to the rest of America . '' That 's not good for cities or conservatives . https : //t.co/huoZAcxtZ9
`` There is a greater threat to individual liberty and autonomy than the one posed by big government . '' https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
`` 'We ’ re an empire now and we create our own reality . ' It was not a one-off . It is now the norm to make sure the facts are fixed to match the desired policy . '' https : //t.co/Fhup4QGbil
`` As always , NATO stands for North America and the Others . It is not of much use to the United States . '' https : //t.co/CE469Kt0GK
`` Party politics itself can be a form of identity politics , even if our party identifications are downstream from other elements of identity , such as race , religion , and class . '' https : //t.co/Vikhaq1hY2
These senators want to pass an AUMF that let 's the president fight anyone anywhere - and keep these new enemies classified : https : //t.co/xQainaO4Rj
`` Today , the diversionary entertainment for the masses isn ’ t gladiators attacking each other in the arena but California politicos attacking Donald Trump on television . '' https : //t.co/Br5g9jMpaM
`` Rand Paul has devoted his career to shaking the Senate out of its coma and introducing more independent thinking into a Capitol sorely in need of a little unconventionality . '' https : //t.co/vLBICVOh8b
`` Hitchens understood that what lurked behind referring to Shakespeare , Homer , and Dostoyevsky as 'dead white males ' was not an attempt to make a positive argument for more diversity , but a negative argument against the entire Western literary heritage . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
`` Is this what it means to live in a post-Christian nation ? I think this is what it means to live in a post-Christian nation . It is becoming a post-humane nation . '' https : //t.co/hXAoA9cBh3
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/LMcQUvufAn https : //t.co/FgvmVgb52d
`` You ’ re not going to read , see , or hear the stories of traditional Christians living closeted lives inside major corporations , fearing for their jobs because they can not in good conscience join LGBT advocacy efforts . '' https : //t.co/R1zWq6algs
`` The U.S. and its allies have far less leverage today than they did before the JCPOA was completed . '' Larison : https : //t.co/GgKr3ZMkqI
`` Alarm over gentrification ( particularly on the left ) is steadily growing in metropolitan areas and housing markets where it should be the least of our urban policy concerns . '' https : //t.co/UediknEvAh
RT @ rareliberty : . @ RandPaul : The Senate ’ s Noble Pain in the Neck | The American Conservative https : //t.co/DMhNNZu55m via @ amconmag
This is hanging in a second-grade classroom . https : //t.co/G48stoEwn0 https : //t.co/V8RZG3aAav
`` Joining the president ’ s ill-considered assault were the United Kingdom and France , whose leaders spoke grandly of the minuscule mission upon which they embarked . '' https : //t.co/CE469KKC5k
`` We may pine for the days when Americans viewed electoral politics as a competition between the greater of two goods , rather than the lesser of two evils , but those days are long gone . '' https : //t.co/VikhapJH6u
In the news again ... https : //t.co/ReaqopsuMd
`` 'If members of one group can face severe personal consequences for criticizing the ideology or behavior of another group , and the same isn ’ t true vice-versa , then the first group is marginalized relative to the second . ' '' https : //t.co/bC5nNAS4va
`` Paul has made reclaiming Congress ’ role in matters of war one of his signature issues ... .Paul should be voting against Pompeo 's nomination . '' https : //t.co/BSb6YpXYrp
Signatures are now being collected for Cal-Exit . Here are some thoughts on what might happen : https : //t.co/9ZLp6zNbOx
`` How long can this country , with its shrinking share of global GDP , sustain its expanding commitments to confront and fight all over the world ? '' https : //t.co/STBmXLkRRv
`` Thanks to gentry liberalism , when adjusted for the cost of living , California has the highest poverty rate in the nation ... .the hope is that Californians will be so intoxicated by ideology that they won ’ t take sober notice of their material condition . '' https : //t.co/Br5g9jMpaM
`` Jefferson had , in the manner of a classical demi-god , articulated and perhaps bestowed upon us our founding mission , our purpose , and our greatest contribution to the world . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
`` We should lay down this rule : whenever something is qualified as 'modern , ' we ought to approach it with grave suspicion . Generally , it means something old and inefficient is being repackaged and sold for more than it ’ s worth . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZdQKq
`` It was not long ago that Elvis Presley—one of the musicians who inspired Springsteen , John Lennon , and many other legends—had a permanent home in the American pantheon . '' Now he ' a `` cultural appropriator . '' https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf
TAC Afternoon Edition @ DanDePetris : `` Despite conceding Mike Pompeo 's nomination , Paul 's record of pressuring his colleagues to do what 's right is unmatched . '' https : //t.co/vLBICW5RZJ https : //t.co/0IGckmuiIR
`` Gentrification ( noun ) —the process by which people of ( often modest ) means who were once castigated for abandoning the city are now castigated for returning to the city . '' https : //t.co/UediknEvAh
`` None of the things Gardner lists here makes Russia a state sponsor of terrorism , unless we are redefining terrorism to include all policies and actions that Washington doesn ’ t like . '' https : //t.co/WaO5dNenPY
We should be concerned about the `` underlying fragility of real-estate markets and the increasing folly of government policies that promote suburban property development . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6MMQF
`` How many wars of this century—Afghanistan , Iraq , Syria , Libya , Yemen—turned out to have been worth the blood shed and the treasure lost ? '' https : //t.co/STBmXLCtg5
`` Donald Tusk and Jean-Claude Juncker backed the lawless attack . They are unelected bureaucrats who represent a pseudo-country noted for its 'democratic deficit . ' The EU has no military and a foreign policy in theory only . '' https : //t.co/CE469KKC5k https : //t.co/ALu39eTbtq
`` If safe mobility requires purchasing a two-ton vehicle to get around , are we really as free as we imagine ? '' https : //t.co/VzGoNKlVDw
`` If out-group hostility is more important to party identification than support for particular policies or ideologies , we may not actually place very many ideological demands on our parties . Defeating our enemies may be more important . '' https : //t.co/Vikhaq1hY2 https : //t.co/Froy9rRigJ
`` Most potential buyers are pushed out of the market . In the Bay Area , workers are frequently pushed out beyond the suburbs , beyond the exurbs—all the way to other cities . '' https : //t.co/Br5g9k402k https : //t.co/xW7BY4uYtV
Celebrate our 15th anniversary and get a full year of The American Conservative for just $ 15 ! # TACis15 https : //t.co/o01GNUSfXE https : //t.co/Q389s71wuy
`` If you think you are an atheist you are wrong , says Peterson , because your mind has been bent and shaped and molded by a god-fearing past stretching back into the unfathomable abysm of time . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
`` This is what conservatism is about : a respect for handed-down traditions and customs , even when we don ’ t entirely understand them . '' https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4
RT @ StrongTowns : Our friend @ gracyolmstead writing in @ amconmag picked up on our idea of the `` spooky wisdom '' of the traditional development…
`` Clinton , in Chozick ’ s view , was also damaged by a lack of rationale for her candidacy . While her personal ambition was most certainly there , an answer to the question 'why ' was AWOL . '' https : //t.co/eCpKrj73Al
RT @ georgehawleyUA : I was catching up on the polarisation literature , and came across some research that I thought deserved a larger audien…
RT @ ad_mastro : Excellent piece from awhile ago at @ amconmag that touches ( in a way ) on how we got Trump . https : //t.co/OM8tpcXws3
RT @ JamesPPinkerton : @ LegalTowns wrote an fair-minded piece on zoning in February : `` Time for a Left-Right Consensus on Zoning Reform '' https…
`` Many right-wing Americans can not conceive that there was any such thing as conservatism Before Reagan or that uncritical worship of the free market undermines the foundations of the social order . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxiU4Gv
`` Most of the proposed solutions involve making the sprawl more like the downtown that it nearly destroyed . '' https : //t.co/ToWKci9Fnk
RT @ ilsr : `` Small businesses ... are more likely to have real expertise in their fields , '' chains do n't care whether they sells shoes or toys o…
`` Is this what it means to live in a post-Christian nation ? I think this is what it means to live in a post-Christian nation . It is becoming a post-humane nation . '' https : //t.co/hXAoA9uc8B
`` What matters to activists is not objective evidence that can be proved or disproved but the subjective feelings of the accuser . # MeToo has redefined sexual misconduct as unwanted behavior . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2
NEW : `` Before President Trump trashes the Iran nuclear deal , he might consider : if he could negotiate an identical deal with Kim Jong-un , it would astonish the world and win him the Nobel Peace Prize . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/STBmXLkRRv https : //t.co/JsLZp9A8Ti
NEW @ georgehawleyUA : Americans feel less strongly about policy and ideas than you think . So why the divide ? https : //t.co/VikhapJH6u https : //t.co/ktveD6erwB
`` Peterson sees the crisis of the Western world as one of emptiness , hopelessness , and nihilism . The fear of death has been largely replaced by the fear of meaninglessness . We are born alone , we die alone , and we suffer terrible crises in between . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
NEW @ Doug_Bandow : America 's `` friends '' are taking credit for the strike on Syria—to which they contributed very little , if anything at all . https : //t.co/CE469Kt0GK https : //t.co/nZEc5FmUFV
NEW @ JamesPPinkerton : One San Francisco lawmaker wants more affordable housing . Cue the fury from NIMBY leftists . https : //t.co/Br5g9k402k https : //t.co/q6JrS9xPXJ
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : Love this piece by @ JamesPPinkerton on the hypocrisy of the elites in SanFran , shutting down a Democratic bill that woul…
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT https : //t.co/CusaQQiNtc
Your reading list for this week from the TAC staff : https : //t.co/1a8pL9PMle
`` Defenders of the indefensible policy of supporting the Saudi-led war insist that coalition attacks would be less accurate and kill more civilians if the U.S. weren ’ t involved , but there is no reason to believe this is true . '' https : //t.co/nDnXxWwKhj
Afghanistan reconstruction might have always been a pipe dream . Now we know for sure : https : //t.co/clYjtq3dV9
Break up big tech ? https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
Let 's not fix opioid addiction by creating the opposite problem . Dreher : https : //t.co/pC2tubf5hj
Dreher reader : `` In my daughter ’ s class , the teachers ( without informing the parents in advance ) , asked the children to identify THEMSELVES – to tell the class whether they felt like girls , boys , or 'a bit of both . ' '' https : //t.co/G48stoEwn0
NEW @ georgehawleyUA : There is really no evidence that the country is polarized over ideology ... but that does n't mean we do n't want to throttle each other over ... .https : //t.co/4t8HeXRpWp https : //t.co/qPTnQnn8bv
`` Democracy lacks content . As a political system , it does not engage the heart . '' https : //t.co/ehLvsxqPHG
RT @ KelleyBVlahos : NEW : @ JamesPPinkerton on how the liberal gentry in San Fran eco-virtue signal while keeping the rabble at bay . https : //t…
`` Perhaps in our time , the nostalgia for vinyl records and craft beer will morph into something deeper and more philosophical : an understanding that the treasures of the past are treasures for a reason . '' https : //t.co/2Znt06VLau
`` Hitchens understood that what lurked behind referring to Shakespeare , Homer , and Dostoyevsky as 'dead white males ' was not an attempt to make a positive argument for more diversity , but a negative argument against the entire Western literary heritage . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
`` As a traditional Christian , this reader will always and everywhere be the Oppressor in the eyes of this company , even though people with the views of this reader are powerless within its culture . '' https : //t.co/R1zWq5SJRS
These senators want to pass an AUMF that let 's the president fight anyone anywhere - and keep these new enemies classified : https : //t.co/xQainb5GfT
`` Non-black people tend to think of housing discrimination as something in the past , engineered mostly by individuals in their private capacities . '' It 's more complicated : https : //t.co/VAR0vPCSCE
`` The democracy that neoconservatives wish to export to foreign countries involves adopting the political culture that now prevails in America and in other advanced democracies . Feminism and gay rights are now parts of the package . '' https : //t.co/TrzvXpqDVd
`` Peterson sees the crisis of the Western world as one of emptiness , hopelessness , and nihilism . The fear of death has been largely replaced by the fear of meaninglessness . We are born alone , we die alone , and we suffer terrible crises in between . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvufAn
Dreher on Williamson : `` When he ’ s good he ’ s very good , but when he ’ s bad he ’ s lousy , both morally and rhetorically . Still , he ’ d have to go very far to merit exile from the public square in my book . '' https : //t.co/R1zWq5SJRS
https : //t.co/Fhup4QXM9T https : //t.co/6fUaV4UfNM
`` What matters to activists is not objective evidence that can be proved or disproved but the subjective feelings of the accuser . # MeToo has redefined sexual misconduct as unwanted behavior . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC
https : //t.co/1a8pL9PMle https : //t.co/GrcK7ODy6e
https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4 https : //t.co/ETINdLsloC
`` Looks like Bull Connor in a blonde wig , don ’ t you think ? Ellie Locke is actually the young woman on the left . It doesn ’ t look like she ’ s in blackface . She is wearing dark glitter . '' https : //t.co/P0k0xB3CWY https : //t.co/J47SNnrWY5
https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV https : //t.co/foRHdBcO3e
https : //t.co/eCpKrj73Al https : //t.co/sCHqcSHb9i
`` You ’ re not going to read , see , or hear the stories of traditional Christians living closeted lives inside major corporations , fearing for their jobs because they can not in good conscience join LGBT advocacy efforts . '' https : //t.co/R1zWq5SJRS
`` Few would claim Jefferson was a great president , but even in the White House he was unique . '' https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1
`` I went to bed last night in significant pain—ibuprofen was useless—and have been in significant pain all day . The only relief I get is from the Vicodin . '' https : //t.co/pC2tubwGFT
NEW : @ Doug_Bandow U.S. allies taking the credit for # Syria strike but their contribution was little more than an afterthought https : //t.co/4IIS7TZa0o https : //t.co/nk82QVDFg4
`` It is outrageous than any company would expect its workers to be involved in any political or cultural advocacy outside of their employment . But that ’ s what ’ s happening . '' https : //t.co/R1zWq5SJRS
`` Washington has encouraged homeownership for decades . The result has been windfall profits for the few and an albatross of mortgage debt for the many . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : # TACis15 ! Two more faves from '06 and '08 and both include excellent pieces from Andy Bacevich ,
@ JHUWorldCrisis @ michae…
Karl Rove 's `` we create our own reality '' statement `` is naively assumed to have been the expression of a single moment in American politics , rather than a summation of its ethos by one of its shrewder and more self-aware practitioners . '' https : //t.co/Fhup4QXM9T
`` This is what conservatism is about : a respect for handed-down traditions and customs , even when we don ’ t entirely understand them . '' https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4
This is from a second-grade classroom . https : //t.co/G48stoEwn0 https : //t.co/zdmYGWzOfP
`` If you think you are an atheist you are wrong , says Peterson , because your mind has been bent and shaped and molded by a god-fearing past stretching back into the unfathomable abysm of time . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvufAn
`` Ironically , early on the Clinton campaign did its bit to promote Trump ... .A 2015 campaign strategy memo to the Democratic National Committee spoke of building up these three , advising , 'We don ’ t want to marginalize the more extreme candidates . ' '' https : //t.co/eCpKrj73Al
`` What may be needed is a new kind of social contract under which a substantial portion of the wealth generated by robots and other non-human systems is redistributed . '' https : //t.co/lCUzjQypo2
Want a deal on our print magazine ? For a limited time get a full year for just $ 15 ! # TACis15 https : //t.co/o01GNUSfXE https : //t.co/SbZpBXPrS9
`` Many right-wing Americans can not conceive that there was any such thing as conservatism Before Reagan or that uncritical worship of the free market undermines the foundations of the social order . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxjbFy3
Thomas Jefferson was less of a revolutionary than you think . Hint : Hengist and Horsa , not Locke . https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1
`` While I understand that “ pushing people ’ s buttons ” can be a sort of journalistic style , I would argue that it has done more damage than good in our political age . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
`` Fifty years ago , the word 'customer ' became synonymous with 'motorist . ' Today , the vast parking lots that flood the town creek with dirty runoff water stand largely empty . '' https : //t.co/ToWKcirgLU
Our brains are wired not to like hulking , modernist architecture . https : //t.co/hQt0cLP05A
This girl wore glitter for sorority party . She was accused of wearing blackface , and now security guards are posted at her sorority house to protect her . https : //t.co/P0k0xAM25q https : //t.co/y3ab6yea6X
`` When they do notice '12 Rules of Life , ' these left-leaning publications review not so much the book as the author ... These reviewers have done a disservice to their readers . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
`` Humans know—even if only on a deeply visceral , subconscious level—that they ’ re suited for a specific sort of habitat . '' https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4
`` Which conception of nationhood is at play here ? The 'benign ' civic or cultural one , or the 'dangerous ' ethnic one ? '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZvWkw
`` Team Clinton seemed oblivious to the aftermath of the Great Recession and its resultant middle class anxieties . In April 2015 , with the race about to heat up , nearly half of Americans , 48 percent at that , self-identified as working or lower class . '' https : //t.co/eCpKriPsbL
`` It is an American empire where we create our own reality , the mirror image of ourselves , and it is indeed precisely hideous . If the builders of empire continue to get their way , it may all soon enough come to a violent and ignominious end . '' https : //t.co/Fhup4QXM9T
`` Hitchens understood that what lurked behind referring to Shakespeare , Homer , and Dostoyevsky as 'dead white males ' was not an attempt to make a positive argument for more diversity , but a negative argument against the entire Western literary heritage . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
`` Gun control , for example , was originally introduced , in the South post-Reconstruction , as a naked effort to strip black people of their constitutional right to keep and bear arms , so that they could be more effectively oppressed . '' https : //t.co/VAR0vPCSCE
`` Neighborhoods and suburbs that were both all white and 'well-planned , ' meaning that residences were all single-family homes , with commercial and industrial uses kept separate or out of the area altogether , had the easiest time getting loans . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
This is an email sent to faculty by a college 's vice president of academic affairs : https : //t.co/XBxdMASJKE https : //t.co/WtiJS3wv3G
This urban planning book was written in 1909 . It has n't been beaten yet : https : //t.co/cpCndrUAVX https : //t.co/Ezopp7DWBe
Bad dates are `` abuse . '' Putting other women out of work is `` empowerment . '' How did it go so wrong ? https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2
`` Jefferson lived in another age , a more elegant and somehow voluptuous one , one that feels far more Hogwarts than it does Goldman Sachs . '' https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1
`` I ’ m currently working my way through Patrick Deneen ’ s 'Why Liberalism Failed , ' and can already understand why it ’ s dominated my news and Twitter feeds for the past few months . '' https : //t.co/1a8pL9PMle
`` There ’ s a reason cities were designed a certain way for centuries . There ’ s a reason , insofar as we ’ ve diverged from that pattern here in the U.S. , that we have recently found ourselves gravitating back to it . '' https : //t.co/2Znt07dmz4
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Peterson sees the crisis of the Western world as one of emptiness , hopelessness , and nihilism . The fear of death has been largely replaced by the fear of meaninglessness . We are born alone , we die alone , and we suffer terrible crises in between . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvLQrV
`` Disturbingly , the book makes clear that Clinton ’ s take on Trump ’ s 'deplorables ' was no one-off gaffe . Rather , it reflected her private and oft-repeated taxonomy of Trump ’ s supporters . '' It included *three* baskets . https : //t.co/eCpKriPsbL
`` The democracy that neoconservatives wish to export to foreign countries involves adopting the political culture that now prevails in America and in other advanced democracies . Feminism and gay rights are now parts of the package . '' https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD
`` If America has produced a more intelligent man—that is , at least as well rounded as Jefferson was in his intellect , perceptiveness , and creative drive—that person has yet to come forward . '' https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1
`` As longtime readers know , the way I talked myself into supporting the Iraq War still haunts me . As I ’ ve explained in this space before , I wanted revenge for 9/11 . '' https : //t.co/elTSRx7M88
TAC Afternoon Edition : In foreign policy , `` the U.S. acts the way it does because of the peculiar American way of understanding what gives life and action meaning . '' Paul Grenier : https : //t.co/Fhup4QXM9T https : //t.co/W4FGNkd9To
`` There has been a tradition on the Left , going back to the 19th century and to Marx in particular , of judging every form of human success in terms of its victims . '' https : //t.co/7Ly3tYuyDL
`` Climate change looks like too good a problem for liberals . Everything liberals want , or that conservatives think liberals want is suggested or required by the reality of climate change . '' https : //t.co/bwE4WaP62J
Afghanistan reconstruction might have always been a pipe dream . Now we know for sure : https : //t.co/clYjtqkOMH
Is Kevin Williamson marginalized ? Dreher : https : //t.co/R1zWq6algs https : //t.co/V9LIlFQj5y
Kirk was n't just a political writer . `` I recently had occasion to reread Russell Kirk ’ s now classic Old House of Fear and wasn ’ t disappointed . '' https : //t.co/1a8pL9PMle https : //t.co/nQPGEGWMni
. @ gracyolmstead on the passed-down knowledge and tradition in farm and agrarian life that somehow just works : https : //t.co/2Znt06VLau https : //t.co/FRaXWn2Y7F
Want a deal on our print magazine ? For a limited time , get a full year for just $ 15 ! # TACis15 https : //t.co/o01GNUSfXE https : //t.co/EhrZ4y6GWR
`` The Late Victorian period in the United States—roughly the last third of the 19th century—produced some of the most beautiful neighborhoods in the history of Western civilization . It also produced some of the most hopeless slums . '' https : //t.co/SckxjJfS6d
`` If you think you are an atheist you are wrong , says Peterson , because your mind has been bent and shaped and molded by a god-fearing past stretching back into the unfathomable abysm of time . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvufAn https : //t.co/hpRLJLDh5z
New Hillary campaign book Hillary actually had *three* `` baskets '' of Trump voters , and more : https : //t.co/eCpKrj73Al https : //t.co/rPAKfLUKdX
`` Suburban homeowners are the single biggest recipient of housing subsidies . '' https : //t.co/Tl5JRTOlQY
`` Women who have suggested that it may have gone too far , that conflating rape with crude flirtation risks trivializing serious incidents and falsely demonizing innocent men , have been hounded for thought crimes . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2
33 dead in the latest Saudi bombing of Yemen . `` There is no excuse for blowing up a wedding party . '' Why do we need to even say that ? https : //t.co/dOMxIEAFHR
`` The conflation of climate policy with climate science also greatly damaged the credibility of scientists as neutral and benign experts . '' https : //t.co/bwE4WaP62J
`` The therapeutic mindset has triumphed so thoroughly that the faintest flap of a butterfly ’ s wing will cause an emotional hurricane within anyone who feels the air quiver . '' https : //t.co/elTSRx7M88
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years '' . On the *interest* for the debt . https : //t.co/ofGqmJa3Ee
This week 's TAC Bookshelf featuring @ stb5g5 , @ gracyolmstead , @ DanielLarison on Wendell Berry , Russell Kirk , Philip Payton and more : https : //t.co/1a8pLa7ncM https : //t.co/x8ZosYn3Gt
RT @ RealClearBooks : . @ firstthingsmag @ smallwars @ ClaremontInst @ ubookman @ FreeBeacon @ amconmag @ nybooks @ newcriterion @ newrepublic @ hedgeho…
NEW Gracy Olmstead : `` For millennia , humans have followed specific patterns passed down by their forbears without always knowing why . This is the essence of culture . '' https : //t.co/2Znt06VLau
NEW : `` As Peterson is discovering , the weird particles that are spinning out of his extraordinary book are passing right through the brains of reviewers and commentators without apparently touching any grey matter at all . '' https : //t.co/LMcQUvufAn https : //t.co/cQEP2vNKK5
NEW Lloyd Green : A new tell-all book by @ amychozick documents Hillary Clinton 's reluctance to engage the white working class , and her private repetition of the deplorables `` gaffe . '' https : //t.co/eCpKrj73Al https : //t.co/0LiHfuYsdK
RT @ gracyolmstead : Just finished Wendell Berry 's `` Art of Loading Brush , '' highly recommend ! ! https : //t.co/lq2eCVnPEP
SJWs come for the King : https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf https : //t.co/eacDxxUAPJ
`` Looks like Bull Connor in a blonde wig , don ’ t you think ? Ellie Locke is actually the young woman on the left . It doesn ’ t look like she ’ s in blackface . She is wearing dark glitter . '' https : //t.co/P0k0xAM25q https : //t.co/7FIMWMufkL
These senators want to pass an AUMF that let 's the president fight anyone anywhere - and keep these new enemies classified : https : //t.co/xQainb5GfT
These senators want to pass an AUMF that let 's the president fight anyone anywhere - and keep these new enemies classified : https : //t.co/xQainaO4Rj
`` Non-black people tend to think of housing discrimination as something in the past , engineered mostly by individuals in their private capacities . '' It 's more complicated : https : //t.co/VAR0vPlhe4
American suburbia is substantially a product of the federal government . https : //t.co/Tl5JRU5WIw
`` A conservative can appreciate him for his classical education , a libertarian for his promulgation of natural rights , a liberal for his love of choice , and a progressive for his optimism . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
`` Homeownership isn ’ t even an unqualified good for the homeowner . Their property wealth is completely illiquid . They could be sitting on a million dollars worth of house , but not have the cash to pay the property tax . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6MMQF
`` If America has produced a more intelligent man—that is , at least as well rounded as Jefferson was in his intellect , perceptiveness , and creative drive—that person has yet to come forward . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
`` The therapeutic mindset has triumphed so thoroughly that the faintest flap of a butterfly ’ s wing will cause an emotional hurricane within anyone who feels the air quiver . '' https : //t.co/elTSRxpnwI
Did you Comey 's book ? https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT
`` The democracy that neoconservatives wish to export to foreign countries involves adopting the political culture that now prevails in America and in other advanced democracies . Feminism and gay rights are now parts of the package . '' https : //t.co/TrzvXpqDVd
Foreigners `` are familiar with American holidays and traditions like Christmas , Halloween , and Valentine ’ s Day . Yet by and large they have little concept of how any of this relates to America ’ s peculiarly Judeo-Christian heritage religious origins . '' https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
`` Climate change looks like too good a problem for liberals . Everything liberals want , or that conservatives think liberals want is suggested or required by the reality of climate change . '' https : //t.co/bwE4Wb6Hrj
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years '' . On the *interest* for the debt . https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM
`` Our government has been aiding and abetting Saudi coalition war crimes for three years straight . '' https : //t.co/WmnevXr3uq
`` Hitchens understood that what lurked behind referring to Shakespeare , Homer , and Dostoyevsky as 'dead white males ' was not an attempt to make a positive argument for more diversity , but a negative argument against the entire Western literary heritage . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
`` The therapeutic mindset has triumphed so thoroughly that the faintest flap of a butterfly ’ s wing will cause an emotional hurricane within anyone who feels the air quiver . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/l0vzpUqm0z
`` I have experienced firsthand the strengthening of familial ties that comes from the birth of child . As we cease to have babies , we will also cease to cement the new social ties that naturally come as a result of growing our families . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
`` Even if it were true that the U.S. has given up nothing and North Korea has made all the concessions , it would make it harder to conclude an agreement by pointing this out for all to see . '' https : //t.co/65IVVUscsf
`` I doubt we will ever get the wealth we foolishly ploughed into postwar suburbs back . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6MMQF
`` Democracy lacks content . As a political system , it does not engage the heart . '' https : //t.co/ehLvsxqPHG
`` Real estate speculation does not create wealth ; it sets up a game of musical chairs . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6MMQF
NEW : @ gracyolmstead on why humans `` just know '' how to do things the right way , as if through osmosis ( and why they seem compelled to ignore it anyway ) https : //t.co/IikLb23Vl7
@ PatrickDeneen @ StrongTowns
TAC writers @ gracyolmstead @ DanielLarison & amp ; @ stb5g5 on Wendell Berry , Russell Kirk , Philip Payton & amp ; more for this week 's # Bookshelf . What are you reading ? https : //t.co/3ARGw7VJfB https : //t.co/Hgo9pIh60l
NEW : Is @ jordanbpeterson ushering in a new age of stoicism ? https : //t.co/FCPNSIOUPE https : //t.co/9IVXeTRSvd
`` Women who have suggested that it may have gone too far , that conflating rape with crude flirtation risks trivializing serious incidents and falsely demonizing innocent men , have been hounded for thought crimes . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC
NEW @ LloydGreen9 tonight : @ amychozick reveals Hillary 's # Deplorables was no one-off gaffe https : //t.co/uPLzC5Zb2F
# ChasingHillary https : //t.co/8IicaqRSyR
Break up big tech ? https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
How New York City 's Bryant Park went from crime den to lively public space : `` Allowing plaza users to drag furniture about as it suited their needs was key to them feeling a sense of independence and collective ownership . '' https : //t.co/GrEs3hEtys
`` The commitments and relationships forged by having children can—and should—bind us to one another . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiBjkU
`` Suburban homeowners are the single biggest recipient of housing subsidies . '' https : //t.co/Tl5JRU5WIw
`` The conflation of climate policy with climate science also greatly damaged the credibility of scientists as neutral and benign experts . '' https : //t.co/bwE4Wb6Hrj
Afghanistan reconstruction might have always been a pipe dream . Now we know for sure : https : //t.co/clYjtq3dV9
`` Bolton merits comparison to Cato the Elder , a conservative-yet-eccentric Roman statesman who , according to Plutarch , would often and invariably call for the destruction of Carthage , even though the Carthaginian threat was neither imminent nor apparent . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdp0gl
`` I have been paid for most of my career to state my opinion . Yet no employer of mine—no newspaper , no magazine—would keep me on if I tweeted something as vile as what Jarrar tweeted . '' https : //t.co/GiWl3EI4rk
This Earth Day , consider Roger Scruton 's call for localist , conservative environmental stewardship : https : //t.co/7Ly3tYM9vj
`` What is happening at Indiana ’ s private DePauw University is the collapse of a university into collective madness , paranoia , and racial hatred . Whether it can recover remains to be seen . '' https : //t.co/XBxdMASJKE
`` Climate change looks like too good a problem for liberals . Everything liberals want , or that conservatives think liberals want is suggested or required by the reality of climate change . '' https : //t.co/bwE4WaP62J
`` The therapeutic mindset has triumphed so thoroughly that the faintest flap of a butterfly ’ s wing will cause an emotional hurricane within anyone who feels the air quiver . '' https : //t.co/elTSRxpnwI
`` The democracy that neoconservatives wish to export to foreign countries involves adopting the political culture that now prevails in America and in other advanced democracies . Feminism and gay rights are now parts of the package . '' https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD
`` If America has produced a more intelligent man—that is , at least as well rounded as Jefferson was in his intellect , perceptiveness , and creative drive—that person has yet to come forward . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
`` This new conservatism would be either fundamentally traditionalist or fundamentally libertarian . It could not be both . '' You know which one it was . https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` This likelihood—that Christopher Hitchens , a brilliant writer and orator , would have been denied a post at The Atlantic—is by itself indicative of how those on the Left who still stand by the principles of open discussion are being overruled . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
`` Homeownership isn ’ t even an unqualified good for the homeowner . Their property wealth is completely illiquid . They could be sitting on a million dollars worth of house , but not have the cash to pay the property tax . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
As malls die , so is an imperfect but real community space in the atomized suburbs . https : //t.co/ABQ2oaDAkt
`` A conservative can appreciate him for his classical education , a libertarian for his promulgation of natural rights , a liberal for his love of choice , and a progressive for his optimism . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
American suburbia is substantially a product of the federal government . https : //t.co/Tl5JRTOlQY
`` Non-black people tend to think of housing discrimination as something in the past , engineered mostly by individuals in their private capacities . '' It 's more complicated than that : https : //t.co/VAR0vPlhe4
`` Arguably , it ’ s through gentrification that preservation prevails in city neighborhoods ... the survival of historic buildings often depends on a neighborhood ’ s transformation . '' https : //t.co/JvRgjRBtbS
`` I don ’ t know what would make me angrier or more ashamed if I was a parent of one of those kids : my child behaving like a petulant brat , or an authority figure letting her get away with it . '' https : //t.co/XBxdMASJKE
These senators want to pass an AUMF that let 's the president fight anyone anywhere - and keep these new enemies classified : https : //t.co/xQainaO4Rj
Readers : What 's your verdict on the # MeToo movement ? https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC
`` Hitchens understood that what lurked behind referring to Shakespeare , Homer , and Dostoyevsky as 'dead white males ' was not an attempt to make a positive argument for more diversity , but a negative argument against the entire Western literary heritage . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
SJWs come for the King : https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P
`` I have experienced firsthand the strengthening of familial ties that comes from the birth of child . As we cease to have babies , we will also cease to cement the new social ties that naturally come as a result of growing our families . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
`` I doubt we will ever get the wealth we foolishly ploughed into postwar suburbs back . But we can at least pivot toward a recovery by changing laws to encourage people to save to build wealth , rather than rely on speculative equity in real estate . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
# MeToo `` has spread across the globe and into every walk of life . Half a year on it ’ s time to take stock and ask what women have gained from this movement . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC
These senators want to pass an AUMF that let 's the president fight anyone anywhere - and keep these new enemies classified . https : //t.co/xQainaO4Rj
`` I don ’ t know what would make me angrier or more ashamed if I was a parent of one of those kids : my child behaving like a petulant brat , or an authority figure letting her get away with it . '' https : //t.co/XBxdMAB8m4
`` America has become the most secularized and decadent society on earth , and the title the ayatollah bestowed upon us , 'The Great Satan , ' is not altogether undeserved . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/ehLvsxqPHG
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years '' . On the *interest* for the debt . https : //t.co/ofGqmJa3Ee
`` Arguably , it ’ s through gentrification that preservation prevails in city neighborhoods ... the survival of historic buildings often depends on a neighborhood ’ s transformation . '' https : //t.co/JvRgjRT43q
Foreigners `` are well familiar with American holidays and traditions like Christmas , Halloween , and Valentine ’ s Day . Yet by and large they have little concept of how any of this relates to America ’ s peculiarly Judeo-Christian heritage religious origins . '' https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
`` Non-black people ( me , for example ) tend to think of housing discrimination as something in the past , engineered mostly by individuals in their private capacities . '' It 's more complicated than that : https : //t.co/VAR0vPlhe4
American suburbia is substantially a product of the federal government . https : //t.co/Tl5JRU5WIw
Buchanan : `` To Hungarians , millions of African , Arab and Islamic peoples settling in their lands means the annihilation of the historic nation they love , the nation that came into being to preserve the Hungarian people . '' https : //t.co/ehLvsxqPHG
`` Children will enjoy playing in the data center and one day old folks will tell younger people about their romantic first date holding hands while they watched the autonomous logistics hub . '' https : //t.co/gwB1pxUBWP
Paul Ryan , mentored by Jack Kemp , is leaving . Is it the end of a GOP era ? https : //t.co/zpuPO70vFl
`` A conservative can appreciate him for his classical education , a libertarian for his promulgation of natural rights , a liberal for his love of choice , and a progressive for his optimism . '' https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1
As malls die , so is an imperfect but real community space in the atomized suburbs . https : //t.co/ABQ2oaDAkt
`` Homeownership isn ’ t even an unqualified good for the homeowner . Their property wealth is completely illiquid . They could be sitting on a million dollars worth of house , but not have the cash to pay the property tax . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
`` It ’ s pretty clear Comey ’ s higher loyalty lies only in making a quick buck for himself , before anyone realizes it ’ s all a fraud . '' https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT
RT @ DanielMKishi : Making my print debut in the 15th anniversary issue of @ amconmag . Subscribe before May 3 and get a year of the print for…
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years '' . On the *interest* for the debt . https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : A couple of my favorites ... # TACis15 https : //t.co/HAYo3LYuk9
These senators want to pass an AUMF that let 's the president fight anyone anywhere - and keep these new enemies classified . https : //t.co/xQainb5GfT
For our 15th anniversary , we 're running a special promotion : Get one full year of The American Conservative for just $ 15 ! Details : https : //t.co/o01GNV9Rme https : //t.co/AUiKVTWYBs
`` This likelihood—that Christopher Hitchens , a brilliant writer and orator , would have been denied a post at The Atlantic—is by itself indicative of how those on the Left who still stand by the principles of open discussion are being overruled . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
Our oldest issue , current issue , and one in the middle . Have a favorite TAC back issue somewhere ? Tweet us a pic ! # TACis15 https : //t.co/3sX2JkVdgh
`` This new conservatism would be either fundamentally traditionalist or fundamentally libertarian . It could not be both . '' You know which one it was . https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` If America has produced a more intelligent man—that is , at least as well rounded as Jefferson was in his intellect , perceptiveness , and creative drive—that person has yet to come forward . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
Noise complaint ? Under gentrification , it 's happened . https : //t.co/GYdv15mcnl https : //t.co/bsBnwyuVHC
`` You would have to be insane to be a white person and to want to attend this identity-politics cesspit . There is no way in the world you can ever get a fair shake there under these Orwellian conditions . '' https : //t.co/emWMNNFHMa
`` Modern conservatism generally has regarded bureaucratic expertise and the use of governmental regulation as antithetical to individual liberty and autonomy . '' Big tech is too : https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
`` Non-black people ( me , for example ) tend to think of housing discrimination as something in the past , engineered mostly by individuals in their private capacities . '' False : https : //t.co/VAR0vPlhe4
`` The democracy that neoconservatives wish to export to foreign countries involves adopting the political culture that now prevails in America and in other advanced democracies . Feminism and gay rights are now parts of the package . '' https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD
`` What is happening at Indiana ’ s private DePauw University is the collapse of a university into collective madness , paranoia , and racial hatred . Whether it can recover remains to be seen . '' https : //t.co/XBxdMASJKE
`` Peterson ( and other conservatives ) do not believe that we should just feel gratitude for what we have ; they think it ’ s our duty to understand the ideas that enabled this flourishing in the first place '' . https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
`` I have been paid for most of my career to state my opinion . Yet no employer of mine—no newspaper , no magazine—would keep me on if I tweeted something as vile as what Jarrar tweeted . '' https : //t.co/GiWl3EI4rk
`` Bolton merits comparison to Cato the Elder , a conservative-yet-eccentric Roman statesman who , according to Plutarch , would often and invariably call for the destruction of Carthage , even though the Carthaginian threat was neither imminent nor apparent . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdp0gl
Afghanistan reconstruction might have always been a pipe dream . Now we know for sure : https : //t.co/clYjtq3dV9
`` It is just and humane to stage Jesuit college drag shows and publish crotch shots of college boys masquerading as wimmen . Isn ’ t it obvious ? To persons of bodies , I mean . '' https : //t.co/R535w2DGjT
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P https : //t.co/XzwIZ5ki56
`` We want to experience something culturally new and exotic . Tour guides know this and play it up , perhaps beyond the reality of la differance , often to such a degree that their culture appears almost otherworldly to American visitors . '' https : //t.co/9wPyzmOD1K
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9 https : //t.co/Sjju1uv4Av
`` Suburban homeowners are the single biggest recipient of housing subsidies . As a result , suburbs dominate housing in the United States . '' https : //t.co/Tl5JRU5WIw
`` The commitments and relationships forged by having children can—and should—bind us to one another . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiBjkU
https : //t.co/582olIBflN https : //t.co/NsF2TT1PId
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2 https : //t.co/In42OFnViW
https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7 https : //t.co/Pv2Yb3Kmv6
https : //t.co/ehLvsxIr6g https : //t.co/XZk7t47YrH
Dreher : `` Randa Jarrar is a terrible person , repulsive in every way . '' But she still should n't be fired for speech . https : //t.co/GiWl3EqtzM
https : //t.co/rXGiBFn0RD https : //t.co/IZz8F2h6W8
https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1 https : //t.co/CUC9Sqqzuk
This eco-city is less people-friendly and less sustainable than it looks . Sometimes simple and time-tested is best . https : //t.co/3OVjVN5ye9
`` The danger is that the hard-liners around Trump will exploit a summit failure as an excuse to ratchet up tensions and push for military action and he will be more inclined to listen to them . '' https : //t.co/7AX4eAvgha
Afghanistan reconstruction might always have been a pipe dream . Now we know for sure . https : //t.co/clYjtq3dV9
Now we 're referring to `` pregnant and birthing people '' because `` expectant mother '' is transphobic . https : //t.co/knCH7NNomc
`` Blah blah blah egalitarianism blah blah blah . It ’ s like she hasn ’ t given a moment ’ s thought to the reasons why marriage is an important institution . '' https : //t.co/LbfzCnetJI
`` Yes , malls reflect a certain societal degeneration from the old Main Street culture where residential and commercial spaces so fluidly intersected ... .But at least malls maintained many of the positive social aspects of that more classic America . '' https : //t.co/ABQ2oaDAkt
The Trump era has made the `` Ryan-induced shifts in Republican thinking about entitlement spending and the debt look more temporary than they appeared when Barack Obama was president . '' https : //t.co/582olIjEuf
`` The people who own homes in this current boom cycle believe that allowing more homes to be built in their communities , especially apartments , could lower their property values and hence their net worth . '' Hello affordable housing crisis ! https : //t.co/et5ey6MMQF
`` It would be a stupid waste of resources , money , and manpower to illegally occupy northeastern Syria in perpetuity mainly to spite the ally of the recognized government of that country . '' https : //t.co/iqud9R9zK4
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/rXGiBFn0RD https : //t.co/Z9obTNXXhN
`` Just who exactly was this extraordinary man—a man who seems to be the best of us , the worst of us , and , in some strange and mysterious way , also above us ? Whatever gifts Jefferson had , he was , to be sure , a man . '' https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B
ICYMI : `` A bipartisan bill introduced in the Senate Monday would give the president sweeping authority to wage endless war anywhere in the world with limited congressional intervention . '' https : //t.co/xQainb5GfT
This Jesuit priest permitted a drag show on his campus , but he did n't like what happened next . It involves `` persons of bodies . '' https : //t.co/R535w2m4Vj
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90 https : //t.co/D1nZOB0Is5
How New York City 's Bryant Park went from crime den to lively public space : `` Allowing plaza users to drag furniture about as it suited their needs was key to them feeling a sense of independence and collective ownership . '' https : //t.co/GrEs3hEtys
`` Zoning and other local ordinances were used to drive black people almost wholly out '' of some entire states . https : //t.co/VAR0vPlhe4
Break up big tech ? https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
`` Women who have suggested that it may have gone too far , that conflating rape with crude flirtation risks trivializing serious incidents and falsely demonizing innocent men , have been hounded for thought crimes . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2
`` Real estate speculation does not create wealth ; it sets up a game of musical chairs—and we now know what happens when the music stops . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
`` Democracy lacks content . As a political system , it does not engage the heart . '' https : //t.co/ehLvsxqPHG
`` I am much less sympathetic to Randa Jarrar than I was when she first spouted off . I still lean towards not firing her . But boy , is she ever a poster child for left-wing academic privilege and arrogance . '' https : //t.co/GiWl3EI4rk
`` If America has produced a more intelligent man—that is , at least as well rounded as Jefferson was in his intellect , perceptiveness , and creative drive—that person has yet to come forward . '' https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1
`` The Trump presidency reminded conservative elites that populism , nationalism , and anti-liberal signaling all have more purchase with Republican voters than they ’ d previously thought . '' https : //t.co/582olIBflN
`` Explosions speak louder than semantic political truth-dodging , and the fact is that France , if only briefly , undertook actions of war against Syria . '' https : //t.co/3Bnl6fDf5k
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years '' . https : //t.co/ofGqmJa3Ee
`` Everyone who loved great prose , appreciated thoughtful arguments , and respected intellectuals who abjured all forms of groupthink would have wanted Hitchens to be given a platform . '' What about now ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
`` Maybe it ’ s a matter of time before neotraditionalist conservatism gains influence on the mainstream right , as the generation who thinks the war Reagan fought is still the war we ’ re in today passes from the scene . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxiU4Gv
`` Non-black people ( me , for example ) tend to think of housing discrimination as something in the past , engineered mostly by individuals in their private capacities . '' False : https : //t.co/VAR0vPCSCE https : //t.co/RWBVVQxhGq
American culture is more than Coke and McDonalds . Americans need to learn that too : https : //t.co/9wPyzmOD1K
RT @ jackhunter74 : Paul Ryan : The Pupil Who Outshone the Teacher by @ jimantle | The American Conservative https : //t.co/mG68fbGjiD via @ amcon…
RT @ POGOBlog : `` A closer look at how Congress actually appropriated the funds reveals their true intention , which has little to do with read…
`` Homeownership isn ’ t even an unqualified good for the homeowner . Their property wealth is completely illiquid . They could be sitting on a million dollars worth of house , but not have the cash to pay the property tax . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6vbZ7
For a limited time for TAC 's 15th anniversary , get a full year of the magazine for just $ 15 : https : //t.co/WCK6Gwirbe https : //t.co/YDtGyO1KXz
`` America has become the most secularized and decadent society on earth , and the title the ayatollah bestowed upon us , 'The Great Satan , ' is not altogether undeserved . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/ehLvsxqPHG
`` Peterson ( and other conservatives ) do not believe that we should just feel gratitude for what we have ; they think it ’ s our duty to understand the ideas that enabled this flourishing in the first place . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE
`` North Korea ’ s three Kim leaders have committed many crimes , but the one that has gripped the Japanese public for decades has been the abduction of their country ’ s nationals . '' For the first time , Trump is offering to get them back . https : //t.co/rXGiBFn0RD
TAC Afternoon Edition @ jimantle : `` There was a moment in Iowa in 2012 when Paul Ryan seemed to make his breakthrough . '' But it never really happened , and now there 's Trump . https : //t.co/582olIjEuf https : //t.co/NjQEb90RRf
Food carts and lively streets in the Big Apple : `` It would seem that the plaza and fountain are not a public park , but on property owned by the building . Street diners are made to feel like squatters . '' https : //t.co/GrEs3hmSGU
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/0Cc6UdR9va
`` Jefferson lived in another age , a more elegant and somehow voluptuous one , one that feels far more Hogwarts than it does Goldman Sachs . '' https : //t.co/JlRns4KZE1
`` Gina Haspel is a torturer . We are torturers . It is as if Nuremberg never happened . '' https : //t.co/mRNZFJl8ec
`` Despite being a conservative Republican who touts the importance of states ’ rights , Sessions is making ominous statements about running roughshod over the wishes of states that have embraced marijuana legalization . '' https : //t.co/LtdvJmzXUs
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB https : //t.co/j9BHcDfWYz
`` Comey creates his own standard , well outside the law , for why the investigation into Clinton ’ s exposure of classified material on her personal server did not lead to prosecution . '' https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT
RT @ CurtMills : He became far more powerful than Jack Kemp ever was—just not enough to stop Trump ’ s populist revolution . https : //t.co/m8q5RF…
`` Today ’ s trends are merely a symptom of a larger delusion—homeownership as the path to middle-class wealth and status—and have exposed it as the lie it always was . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6MMQF https : //t.co/5fid3tflQQ
`` 'Nationalism and authoritarianism are on the march , ' writes the Washington Post : “ Democracy as an ideal and in practice seems under siege . ' Yes , and there are reasons for this . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/8ZdCA29JHG
Afghanistan reconstruction might always have been a pipe dream . Now we know for sure : https : //t.co/clYjtq3dV9
`` 'Shinzo and I have developed a very close relationship , ' Trump said Tuesday at the beginning of the Mar-a-Lago meetings . That remark , despite the use of a superlative , does not appear to be Trumpian exaggeration . '' https : //t.co/rXGiBFEBJb https : //t.co/vJ9195Nt3j
Jefferson was `` the best of us , the worst of us , and the finest mind we 've ever produced . '' @ constancegrady @ ckchumley @ PatrickDeneen https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B https : //t.co/PZahKPtjlu
`` It is just and humane to stage Jesuit college drag shows and publish crotch shots of college boys masquerading as wimmen . Isn ’ t it obvious ? To persons of bodies , I mean . '' https : //t.co/R535w2m4Vj
`` Bolton merits comparison to Cato the Elder , a conservative-yet-eccentric Roman statesman who , according to Plutarch , would often and invariably call for the destruction of Carthage , even though the Carthaginian threat was neither imminent nor apparent . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdp0gl
This time , France encouraged us to go to war . https : //t.co/3Bnl6flDGK
`` Six months on we can see that some women have certainly gained a louder voice thanks to the # MeToo movement . Sadly , all they can do with it is proclaim their own victimhood . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2
RT @ bradleybirzer : My love letter to the author of the Declaration of Independence the the fountainhead behind the Lewis and Clark Expediti…
Still relevant : `` When it comes to policy regarding marijuana , Sessions emulates Rip Van Winkle . He apparently went to sleep shortly after Richard Nixon declared a 'war ' on illegal drugs in 1971 and just recently awakened . '' https : //t.co/LtdvJmRzj2
Dreher : `` Randa Jarrar is a terrible person , repulsive in every way . '' But she still should n't be fired for speech . https : //t.co/GiWl3EqtzM
American culture is more than Coke and McDonalds . Americans need to learn that too . https : //t.co/9wPyzmOD1K
NEW @ MattRobare : `` Once the ladder to wealth , economic divides in real estate have increasingly become a driver of inequality , further entrenching political and economic privilege . '' https : //t.co/et5ey6MMQF https : //t.co/MFavsJoQcB
Buchanan : `` To Hungarians , millions of African , Arab and Islamic peoples settling in their lands means the annihilation of the historic nation they love , the nation that came into being to preserve the Hungarian people . '' https : //t.co/ehLvsxIr6g https : //t.co/sJoEWozE4r
Noise complaint ? Under gentrification , it 's happened : https : //t.co/GYdv15mcnl https : //t.co/0x27dIhHE8
NEW @ GordonGChang : @ realDonaldTrump has promised to bring Japanese abducted from North Korea 40 years ago home . # FakeNews ? Think again https : //t.co/rXGiBFn0RD https : //t.co/kQ5qNxWYmT
NEW : Around what would be Jefferson 's 275th birthday , @ bradleybirzer considers his great legacy and thought , emblematic of America itself : https : //t.co/JlRns52B2B https : //t.co/pFOqQ7NA9e
`` # MeToo , with its constant reiteration of outdated tropes of predatory men and vulnerable women , represents a major incursion into our personal freedoms . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC
https : //t.co/M4W3DceMb3 https : //t.co/YBdyzYtJfz
`` If Christians accept that the definition of marriage is only about ratifying and formalizing emotional commitments , then they have conceded too much . '' https : //t.co/LbfzCnetJI
ICYMI Rand Paul : `` I want to continue making America great again . That won ’ t happen if we give power-hungry neocons the reins to our nation ’ s foreign policy . '' https : //t.co/NkrlZq2bup
`` By this point Bolton ’ s record of calling for war in every possible situation had lost the ability to shock . Still , the Founding Fathers would probably be appalled . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
Welcome ! Inaugural piece by @ GordonGChang on whether Donald & amp ; Shinzo bromance and promise to bring abductees home is for real . Chang thinks so . Here 's why : https : //t.co/8tB9rd3K8p
@ GrecianFormula @ LucasFoxNews @ rwp2011 @ BonnieGlaser https : //t.co/gdnllv3huV
`` Peterson ( and other conservatives ) do not believe that we should just feel gratitude for what we have ; they think it ’ s our duty to understand the ideas that enabled this flourishing in the first place . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
`` Gina Haspel is a torturer . We are torturers . It is as if Nuremberg never happened . '' https : //t.co/mRNZFJCJCM
`` Is divorce , and its attendant psychological carnage , any less of an issue now than in 1987 ? Are we truly , in the wake of today ’ s various aggressive youth movements further from Heidegger ’ s youth-led fascism than we were then ? '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` It ’ s pretty clear Comey ’ s higher loyalty lies only in making a quick buck for himself , before anyone realizes it ’ s all a fraud . '' https : //t.co/4MLa9M7kzr
American culture is more than Coke and McDonalds . Americans need to learn that too : https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
`` When it comes to declaring rape , sexual assault , or harassment , what matters to activists is not objective evidence that can be proved or disproved but the subjective feelings of the accuser . # MeToo has redefined sexual misconduct as unwanted behavior . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2
`` Perpetual war to rid the world of evil is about as far as one can get from traditional conservatism . '' https : //t.co/lAEWoqLq4f
`` Here ’ s a little pro-tip : feel free to be outraged by the way Kevin Williamson was fired , or reserve your fury for the fact that he was hired instead of another equally gifted but less notorious scribe . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2glbOtm
`` Maybe it ’ s a matter of time before neotraditionalist conservatism gains influence on the mainstream right , as the generation who thinks the war Reagan fought is still the war we ’ re in today passes from the scene . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxiU4Gv
`` The genius of fusionists like William F. Buckley and Frank S. Meyer was joining the intellectual sophistication of traditionalism with the political credibility of libertarianism . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years . '' https : //t.co/ofGqmJa3Ee
https : //t.co/3Bnl6fDf5k https : //t.co/1RZDvLzmbQ
`` We can ’ t be completely certain that Hitchens ’ s views on the politics of race and gender would have sufficed to disqualify him from today ’ s Atlantic . '' What do you think ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
https : //t.co/clYjtqkOMH https : //t.co/Ic7CPXcM42
https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC https : //t.co/ZSsmf18JcV
'Chappaquiddick ' `` is painful , hypnotizing , and will leave viewers longing for justice . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO
https : //t.co/MaOAKArMKJ https : //t.co/ILNoivppoS
https : //t.co/4MLa9M7kzr https : //t.co/R9wm2GhaHA
`` Everyone who loved great prose , appreciated thoughtful arguments , and respected intellectuals who abjured all forms of groupthink would have wanted Hitchens to be given a platform . '' What about now ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
`` Many right-wing Americans can not conceive that there was any such thing as conservatism B.R . ( Before Reagan ) or that uncritical worship of the free market undermines the foundations of the social order . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxiU4Gv
NEW @ GordonGChang at TAC : Trump promises Japan 's Abe that he will get abductees released from North Korea -- it 's the boldest promise yet from a US leader . But can he deliver ? https : //t.co/8tB9rd3K8p https : //t.co/BVipGliNHG
NEW @ bradleybirzer : Thomas Jefferson is the best of us , and he is the worst of us . But he is America . https : //t.co/IV927AyibI https : //t.co/YszcCFAN8Y
NEW Matthew Robare on The Big Lie : Homeownership leads to middle class prosperity https : //t.co/pB1GxCSKa7
@ StrongTowns @ NewUrbanism @ thestile1972 https : //t.co/7MMceOGctS
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' What does that say about our generals ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years '' . https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM
`` To deny the authentic exploration of Elvis is to vandalize the American promise and human idea of self-invention . '' https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf
`` Explosions speak louder than semantic political truth-dodging , and the fact is that France , if only briefly , undertook actions of war against Syria . '' https : //t.co/3Bnl6fDf5k
Afghanistan reconstruction might always have been a pipe dream . Now we know for sure : https : //t.co/clYjtqkOMH
RT @ JerrodALaber : This is a great cover ! Congrats to @ amconmag on 15 years . @ Vlahos_at_TAC @ ad_mastro @ MattPurple https : //t.co/IC7YORtfqJ
`` But if the Williamson debacle is any indication , we can reasonably surmise that Hitchens ’ s deviations from left-orthodoxy would have engendered efforts to hound him out of a job . '' https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
`` The # MeToo movement treats women like children , incapable of ever standing up for themselves or being able to make their own choices in life . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2
Comey 's book is a `` thin shell for anyone who knows more about these events than Stephen Colbert and Seth Meyers regularly spoon out . '' https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT
J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI used to keep tabs on him . Now the SJWs are after him : https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P https : //t.co/uN39EhhVaj
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZdQKq
`` Reading the article strengthens the impression I had over the last year that Tillerson never wanted the job , didn ’ t like doing it , and went through the motions because he thought he had some sort of obligation to accept the role . '' @ RonanFarrow https : //t.co/ND49g0cnQU
`` Local factories and firms have experienced an accelerating decline due to consolidation , technological change , and globalization . This in turn has led to an incalculable loss of social capital . '' https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
`` Mencken ’ s political instincts even ran in paleoconservative directions when it came to the Confederacy and the Civil War . '' https : //t.co/t8OGLaVnlZ
`` Haspel ’ s confirmation hearing has been scheduled to take place in May . If senators have the slightest respect for the rule of law , they should reject her nomination . '' https : //t.co/RwpiwIL7Cu
Under the guise of reasserting their war powers , Congress wants to give the president a blank check for unlimited , unilateral war : https : //t.co/xQainb5GfT
`` Six months on we can see that some women have certainly gained a louder voice thanks to the # MeToo movement . Sadly , all they can do with it is proclaim their own victimhood and demand greater protection . '' https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC
`` It wasn ’ t until 1998 that the film Saving Private Ryan showed Americans , with searing intensity , what it was like to fight in World War II . I had the feeling that if the film had come out earlier , the ’ 92 election might have gone differently . '' https : //t.co/MaOAKAJo9j
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Setting aside the irony of Comey setting out to legitimize the expected Clinton presidency only to hurt her , what ’ s most disturbing is the blatant admission that a partisan calculus was a part of his decision making in any way . '' https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT
This time it 's France urging us to go to war : https : //t.co/3Bnl6flDGK
RT @ BenFreemanDC : New AUMF Would Cement Forever War and Give the Phrase 'World Police ' New Meaning https : //t.co/BRLvHkcRJG @ Vlahos_at_TAC w…
What the neocons advocate is n't a foreign policy . It 's an ideology . https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD
`` A vote for Haspel is effectively a vote to exonerate torturers and to reward one of the chief torturers with a high-ranking position . '' https : //t.co/RwpiwItwKW
`` I ’ ve said here before that I find it easier to converse with traditionalists within Christianity , and in non-Christian religions , than with liberal Christians . '' https : //t.co/teCDjuKgSj
`` Beyond the smart-alecky nature of Mencken ’ s aphorisms , a perusal of his corpus will take readers to a range of observations that sound much more Burkean than liberal . '' https : //t.co/t8OGLbcYdx
Racist thief and `` cultural appropriator '' ? https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P https : //t.co/5LwPenkoZN
`` I watched countless American tourists display remarkable humility and deference to these customs and beliefs . But is this approach reciprocal ? '' It might not be - and it 's partly our fault . https : //t.co/9wPyzmOD1K
`` The U.S. military would be kept in that war-torn nation indefinitely to build up the Afghan security forces and to buttress their economic development . '' Then we 'll be there forever . https : //t.co/clYjtq3dV9
`` The United States is achieving very little in the way of sustainable development in Afghanistan , even with the enormous amount of time and resources that have been invested . '' So we 're throwing more money and time at it . https : //t.co/clYjtqkOMH
`` If Christians accept that the definition of marriage is only about ratifying and formalizing emotional commitments , then they have conceded too much . '' https : //t.co/LbfzCnetJI
RT @ JamesPPinkerton : Barbara Bush : The Hand That Rocked the Cradle That Ruled the World | The American Conservative https : //t.co/nLjKu6rj8j…
`` It ’ s hard to escape the intuition that she knew she ’ d married a better man than she ’ d mothered . Now that her lips are sealed forever , we ’ ll never really know . '' https : //t.co/MaOAKArMKJ
The spurned FBI director is presented as everything that Trump is n't - and it gets old , quick . https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT
This afternoon , outside Farragut Square in DC near our office . https : //t.co/H7R5M4HuJO
`` We can ’ t be completely certain that Hitchens ’ s views on the politics of race and gender would have sufficed to disqualify him from today ’ s Atlantic . '' What do you think ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
RT @ jackhunter74 : Can We Admit Now That Afghanistan Reconstruction Failed ? by @ JerrodALaber The American Conservative https : //t.co/XJE5H6T7…
Zoning had led to expensive , distant housing and expensive retail space . https : //t.co/WDDQA0sWt8
. @ tomfriedman `` completely ignores local actors and interests and mistakenly treats indigenous groups as mere puppets of Tehran . '' https : //t.co/BQZPRuh8PK
TAC Afternoon Edition @ wirtzbill : Why did Trump bomb Syria ? France 's tough-talking president may have had something to do with it . https : //t.co/3Bnl6fDf5k https : //t.co/2I1dYLIVr2
Our brains are wired not to like hulking , modernist architecture . https : //t.co/hQt0cM6AX8
`` These healthcare radicals are trying to allow psychological states of mind to determine anatomical truth . If a man calls his penis a vagina , then the woke medical services provider must agree . '' https : //t.co/NXXPd4Xn69
`` One day a future historian may come across such an image and find it notable for the restaurant patrons ’ now-obsolete style of dress , or for the now-defunct channel playing on the television . '' https : //t.co/XS1EpUna6N https : //t.co/f8HdT6jBu2
`` The fatal conceit of nation-building still dominates our foreign policy thinking . This is not a 'fine ' moment . It ’ s a shame and a delusion . '' https : //t.co/clYjtq3dV9 https : //t.co/touUCCUcCd
`` Women who have suggested that it may have gone too far , that conflating rape with crude flirtation risks trivializing serious incidents and falsely demonizing innocent men , have been hounded for thought crimes . '' @ laraprendergast @ MZHemingway @ CHSommers https : //t.co/t2FF5xJOA2 https : //t.co/eogymt4u3I
RT @ KelleyBVlahos : The sad reality of @ SIGARHQ is that this IG has been doing tremendous work over the last 10 years in Afghanistan uncover…
Is our support for the Kurds going to split NATO ? It might : https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd
What a life ! When Barbara Bush was born , Calvin Coolidge was president . https : //t.co/MaOAKArMKJ https : //t.co/u7nVkG7Nq0
`` This is like reading a 13-year-old ’ s diary about why she hates boys , or a bunch of angry tweets dragged over 304 pages . That ’ s a shame , because there is a better book Comey could have written . '' @ AaronBlake @ wwcummings @ CarlosLozadaWP @ pescami https : //t.co/4MLa9LPJHT https : //t.co/cs0W1d6vfi
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years . '' https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM
`` I have experienced firsthand the strengthening of familial ties that comes from the birth of child . As we cease to have babies , we will also cease to cement the new social ties that naturally come as a result of growing our families . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiBjkU
`` Two peculiar characteristics set Bolton apart from most folks in D.C. : an unabashedly luxurious mustache and an unmatched penchant for unjustified preemptive violence . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
`` Everyone who loved great prose , appreciated thoughtful arguments , and respected intellectuals who abjured all forms of groupthink would have wanted Hitchens to be given a platform . '' What about now ? https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
`` Depression , anxiety , and behavioral disorders may have something to do with where we are living : 'It would be difficult to deny the coincidence that we now spend 90 percent of our lives inside of buildings . ' '' https : //t.co/hQt0cM6AX8
RT @ jowilliams293 : By me : Six Months in , # MeToo Has Become Infantilizing and Authoritarian | The American Conservative https : //t.co/sr4gp5Q…
What the neocons advocate is n't a foreign policy . It 's an ideology : https : //t.co/TrzvXpqDVd
Here 's why Christians vote Republican : https : //t.co/NXXPd4Xn69 https : //t.co/Mx7v5jthtJ
NEW @ JerrodALaber : Afghanistan needs sustainable infrastructure and institutions of governance . We haven ’ t been able to build either of them . https : //t.co/clYjtqkOMH https : //t.co/T5fdPvkuIg
NEW @ jowilliams293 on # MeToo : Bad dates are `` abuse . '' Putting other women out of work is `` empowerment . '' How did it go so wrong ? https : //t.co/t2FF5y1pYC https : //t.co/u4Yhzo7JOu
`` Many right-wing Americans can not conceive that there was any such thing as conservatism B.R . ( Before Reagan ) or that uncritical worship of the free market undermines the foundations of the social order . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxjbFy3
NEW @ JamesPPinkerton on the life and times of the late First Lady : `` Mrs. Bush ’ s life itself is noteworthy : for more than three quarters of her 92 years , she was married to her one and only husband , mothering six children , five of whom survive her . '' https : //t.co/MaOAKAJo9j https : //t.co/i438MXkUbG
RT @ FabiusMaximus01 : 2/ Despite the hysteria about `` polarization '' between Democrats and Republicans , they agree about core US policies . Inc…
RT @ FabiusMaximus01 : A bipartisan coalition wants Congress to formally abdicates its powers , giving the President unprecedented powers to w…
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : My friend @ JamesPPinkerton pens a lovely personal remembrance of Barbara -- and George -- Bush : how they transcended the `` Op…
NEW @ WeMeantWell reviews Comey book : `` Despite the lofty title , 'A Higher Loyalty : Truth , Lies , and Leadership ' finds James Comey at his pettiest , smuggest , most sanctimonious , bitterest , and most pandering . '' https : //t.co/4MLa9M7kzr https : //t.co/9NJaz168Qs
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9 https : //t.co/b7ClweQLYU
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` Perpetual war to rid the world of evil is about as far as one can get from traditional conservatism . '' https : //t.co/lAEWoqLq4f
`` Shadi Hamid and I have been e-mailing for a short while , talking about the prospect of finding common ground between traditional American Christians and traditional American Muslims . '' https : //t.co/80JWJ8XfVq
https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO https : //t.co/herUPgiXzD
`` Everyone who loved great prose , appreciated thoughtful arguments , and respected intellectuals who abjured all forms of groupthink would have wanted Hitchens to be given a platform . '' What about now ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
Did Elvis steal and `` appropriate '' black musical styles ? Nope , try again . David Masciotra : https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P
`` Nuisance and an easy remedy are not enough to justify dialing 911 in an age of police brutality . After all , is the very real risk of undue escalation—even violence—worth it to turn off music ? '' https : //t.co/a4yXkUCM9Z
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZdQKq
J. Edgar Hoover 's FBI used to keep tabs on him . Now the SJWs are after him : https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf https : //t.co/Kmtpd82RmS
`` Many right-wing Americans can not conceive that there was any such thing as conservatism B.R . ( Before Reagan ) or that uncritical worship of the free market undermines the foundations of the social order . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxjbFy3
`` The only thing worse than Congress ’ failure to do its job as a check on the executive is when it pretends to do that job by becoming the president ’ s rubber stamp . '' https : //t.co/qt2CWUVXub
`` The historical success of antitrust enforcement poses an important lesson for conservatives . '' In short , we should do more of it : https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
What the neocons advocate is n't a foreign policy . It 's an ideology : https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD
`` That we never find ourselves standing alongside Scipio knee-deep in unjustly spilt blood , Bolton should reconsider whether the flimsy merits of rash preemption truly outweigh the durable wisdom of the Founding Fathers and the lessons of history . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdp0gl
American culture is more than Coke and McDonalds . Americans need to learn that too : https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB https : //t.co/x32IzgGgMF
`` A hodge-podge of policies and euphemisms—restorative justice , social-emotional learning , banning punitive actions for defiant and vulgar students—has resulted in a toxic situation where many teachers feel they are no longer in control of their classrooms '' https : //t.co/ZhAChAyfv5
https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf https : //t.co/akhF4C3Da1
https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM https : //t.co/wnYO2YKN1l
`` Bolton rejects the Founders ' wisdom on foreign policy in favor of something more brutal and Roman . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
https : //t.co/TrzvXpqDVd https : //t.co/YaA9a0LqD8
https : //t.co/xQainb5GfT https : //t.co/fna5MSybae
`` Two peculiar characteristics set Bolton apart from most folks in D.C. : an unabashedly luxurious mustache and an unmatched penchant for unjustified preemptive violence . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
`` It would be a pity—actually , a tragedy—if CUA watered down its Catholic identity . There are scores of Catholic colleges where Catholics can get a Catholic-in-name-only education . '' https : //t.co/xZUmfzPsih
Our relationship with the Kurds could end up splitting NATO . https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd
RT @ thestile1972 : Both parties should oppose this .

Republic , not an Empire

President , not an Emperor

Senators Offer Up Unprecedented W…
New @ JerrodALaber : It 's about time we admit that Afghanistan reconstruction was n't , is n't and probably wo n't happen . https : //t.co/30z2yTVEhC https : //t.co/5FMZtLL6Xe
`` Is divorce , and its attendant psychological carnage , any less of an issue now than in 1987 ? Are we truly , in the wake of today ’ s various aggressive youth movements further from Heidegger ’ s youth-led fascism than we were then ? '' https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
NEW @ jowilliams293 Six months later , # MeToo has become infantilizing and authoritarian https : //t.co/GnmXwRqGxA https : //t.co/qECLmeyp5R
NEW @ WeMeantWell Peter Van Buren on # AHigherLoyalty : Jim Comey 's revenge , served lukewarm . `` This is like reading a 13-year-old ’ s diary about why she hates boys . ''
https : //t.co/MpTubrvl7I https : //t.co/lDrtrBLd2c
`` Peterson ( and other conservatives ) do not believe that we should just feel gratitude for what we have ; they think it ’ s our duty to understand the ideas that enabled this flourishing in the first place . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
`` I have experienced firsthand the strengthening of familial ties that comes from the birth of child . As we cease to have babies , we will also cease to cement the new social ties that naturally come as a result of growing our families . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
Our ongoing support for the Kurds might blow up NATO . https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd
NEW @ JamesPPinkerton worked w/George and # BarbaraBush in 1985 : `` ( I ) never once heard them say anything that would indicate they were personally hungry for admiration . '' https : //t.co/YGilBID7A7 https : //t.co/fHrCpMVCXP
`` We can ’ t be completely certain that Hitchens ’ s views on the politics of race and gender would have sufficed to disqualify him from today ’ s Atlantic . '' What do you think ? https : //t.co/a1yWNck6pB
`` The interest payments on the debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight short years . '' https : //t.co/ofGqmJa3Ee
`` When I was a child , weekends and nighttime served as reprieves from the school bully and the general drama of school itself . Nowadays there is no escape and the effects are daunting . '' https : //t.co/ZhAChAyfv5
`` It makes sense in an era of mediocrity in American culture , with our understandings of everything from politics to pop music reduced to slogans on social media , that old and boring criticisms of Elvis have found new ears . '' https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P
`` The president gets to make war on anyone he wants with Congress only voting after the fact . And without a veto-proof two-thirds majority , Congress can not overrule him . '' https : //t.co/svOczvgm4y
`` Russia has offered to open up Douma to inspectors from the Organization for the Prevention of Chemical Weapons , for a full investigation . '' Too late . https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` We have told ourselves for a long time that standing firm in orthodoxy will rally those who are looking for institutions with confidence , as opposed to those led by uncertain trumpeters . But what if this is no longer true ? '' https : //t.co/xZUmfzPsih
`` I watched countless American tourists display remarkable humility and deference to these customs and beliefs . But is this approach reciprocal ? '' https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
Get ready for our special 15th anniversary issue articles ! https : //t.co/AwP5M5ANux
`` A prominent critic wrote some years ago that one of the many sins of crunchy conservatism is that it gives liberals reason to believe that conservatives are not united . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxjbFy3
`` By this point Bolton ’ s record of calling for war in every possible situation had lost the ability to shock . Still , the Founding Fathers would probably be appalled . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
Privatizing the VA is not a magic bullet . It could even be worse : https : //t.co/UfbGUAzcRb
`` The West , needless to say , does not embrace the nationalist right , anywhere outside of the U.S. , except in Israel . '' https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD
Racist thief ? https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf https : //t.co/XDWHtNB99o
Conservatives should be skeptical of the `` tendency of individuals and businesses with unprecedented market power to pursue their own narrow interests in a manner that frustrates achievement of broader public goals and undermines individual liberty . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
Congress is pretending to reassert its war powers while giving the president unlimited power to wage unilateral war anywhere he wants . https : //t.co/xQainaO4Rj
`` One can almost imagine headlines like : 'In New Memoir , Hitchens Argues That Women and Minorities Should Always Remain Silent . ' '' https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9
`` The urban environment has an intrinsic advantage over atomized , cookie-cutter developments . Real neighborhoods are simply interesting : they reflect the lives of the people who live in them today ; and they are tangible artifacts of those who came before . '' https : //t.co/MXtDAgu5vo
`` There is a greater threat to individual liberty and autonomy than the one posed by big government . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0 https : //t.co/Euf7YgDJPK
`` The standard gentrification narrative is typically about affluent newcomers displacing existing lower-income residents . But there are millions of people throughout the cities of the Rust Belt living in neighborhoods with the opposite problem . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBR65Ee
. @ roddreher 's The Benedict Option is @ ISI 's conservative book of the year ! Watch Rod 's speech at ISI here : https : //t.co/tXfTUwe5oJ
`` Sadly , I doubt it will be long before her husband of 73 years joins her on the other side . Seems like something important in the American character will pass with them . '' https : //t.co/LCgvbnN8xC https : //t.co/WOhPazcvkU
`` Americans don ’ t like to be told to live within limits , even if you can justify that stance by reference to traditional religion and conservative political philosophy . '' https : //t.co/ZWKmxjbFy3
`` Trump breaks agreements and then thinks that this will force the other parties to make more concessions , but this never happens . '' https : //t.co/iKUwyfTdwZ
`` Americans broadly just aren ’ t that interested in serious approaches to religion . Leaders of American churches and religious schools and colleges are going to have to face the question of what cost they are willing to pay to be faithful . '' https : //t.co/xZUmfzxRqJ
Soon the biggest source of federal spending will be the interest on the national debt . https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM
What the neocons advocate is n't a foreign policy . It 's an ideological fixation : https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD
`` Babies and their effects upon families are something of a paradox . While they surely test the bonds of marriage , they can also strengthen the connections between spouses . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
`` Elvis exercised the oft-neglected magic of the American experience . It is the magic that Walt Whitman celebrated when he declared the United States 'a new nation in need of new poets . ' Elvis became one of those poets . '' https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf
The new AUMF bill is n't a reassertion of Congressional authority . It ’ s a rubber stamp for the global war on terror . https : //t.co/xQainaO4Rj
Critics are alarmed by Ankara 's turn toward Russia , and `` who lost Turkey '' talk is in the air . https : //t.co/pMWVrY9C6D
American culture is more than Coke and McDonalds . Americans need to learn that too : https : //t.co/9wPyzmOD1K
`` The emailed correspondence for this article reached Bradbury only through a human intermediary . Seeing 'Ray Bradbury ' appear in my inbox produced a momentary letdown akin to learning that Ted Nugent is a vegan or A.J . Foyt rides a bicycle . '' https : //t.co/xfeJPGhbKk
TAC Afternoon Edition : `` Everyone who loved great prose , appreciated thoughtful arguments , and respected intellectuals who abjured all forms of groupthink would have wanted Hitchens to be given a platform . '' What about now ? https : //t.co/a1yWNcBHh9 https : //t.co/FBQOHYInOP
From 2011 : `` With the meter still running , the enterprise launched by Bush a decade ago has taken the lives of over 6,000 U.S. troops , wounded many thousands more , and consumed trillions of dollars , while undermining America ’ s standing around the world . '' https : //t.co/CZFePyLS4H
`` While I understand that “ pushing people ’ s buttons ” can be a sort of journalistic style , I would argue that it has done more damage than good in our political age . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
Children can make marriages stronger and create new friendships . https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
RT @ FreedomWorks : New AUMF would cement Forever War and give the phrase 'World Police ' new meaning . # ampFW https : //t.co/5pDFFT98hz
The federal budget debate is frozen in time . `` Think where we would be if any other policy framework remained unchanged since the Reagan administration ? '' https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM https : //t.co/NhlaO0pVUo
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : 'World Police ' ? There 's a reason the # ACLU is calling th new AUMF Corker-Kaine just introduced a `` colossal '' fail for che…
`` Neoconservative journalists , academics , and political advisers have attained a level of success that most envy . They may therefore believe they ’ re doing humanity a favor by conferring on them their preferred version of 'American values . ' '' https : //t.co/TrzvXpqDVd https : //t.co/C4aF5AmNaC
The King 's `` groundbreaking rock-n-roll was neither 'thievery ' nor 'derivative blackness . ' '' https : //t.co/bMUVJTvM9P https : //t.co/EWWY4LwjMl
`` Presidents Bush , Obama and now Trump have been using the old AUMFs '' - from 2001 and 2002 - `` to engage in unilateral war without Congressional debate or blessing . '' https : //t.co/xQainaO4Rj https : //t.co/3bMS0azqG7
Conservatives should be skeptical of the `` tendency of individuals and businesses with unprecedented market power to pursue their own narrow interests in a manner that frustrates achievement of broader public goals and undermines individual liberty . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
RT @ DanielMKishi : Read @ Vlahos_at_TAC in @ amconmag on how the Corker-Kaine AUMF bill would cement forever war . Congress does n't want to gov…
`` In Lasch ’ s estimation , the Right ’ s commitment to capitalism and an unfettered free market is equally as destructive of families and communities as the sexual liberation project of the progressive Left . '' https : //t.co/Ft6ad2KblI
`` This is not thinking . This is emoting—and it is emoting just as much as the kind of rhetoric that Trump and his ilk use when he discusses immigration . '' https : //t.co/Ml3jTUG4zI
Our 15th Anniversary issue is here ! Stay tuned for savory bites and main dishes from @ Vlahos_at_TAC @ MattPurple @ DanielMKishi @ ScottMcConnell9 @ RAVerBruggen @ JacobHeilbrunn Kunstler , Bakshian , Kauffman , Lind , Bacevich , Merry , Menon and more ! https : //t.co/1PIGTwwNiG https : //t.co/Vdg0cWqF9h
`` Perhaps the only thing worse than Congress ’ failure to do its job as a check on the executive is when it pretends to do that job by becoming the president ’ s rubber stamp . '' https : //t.co/qt2CWVdylJ
`` Was not America history ’ s anointed Superman ? Remarkably , the events of September 11 , 2001 served not to overturn such thinking , but to affirm it . '' https : //t.co/CZFePyLS4H
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
NEW Barbara Boland : Here are eight things lawmakers can do to stop America from hemorrhaging debt . https : //t.co/ofGqmJrEvM
NEW Paul Gottfried on the stale neocon ideology : `` We won ’ t have to worry about armed conflicts once 'Western democracy ' is instituted everywhere . Right ? '' https : //t.co/TrzvXp92wD https : //t.co/gyegS56Zbh
`` Ray Bradbury would have made a great 'Revenge of the Nerds ' character alongside Gilbert , Lewis , Poindexter , Wormser , and Lamar Latrell , had he not been such a caricature . '' https : //t.co/xfeJPGhbKk
NEW : Did Elvis steal and `` appropriate '' black musical styles ? Nope , try again . David Masciotra : https : //t.co/bMUVJTeaLf https : //t.co/vqyD4xCsTu
RT @ Doug_Bandow : Good news : congressional vote on war authority . Bad news : would allow president to war against most anyone most anytime on…
@ SenMikeLee @ SenSanders @ RandPaul are among those on the right side of this # warpowers issue . https : //t.co/7gweV5OIye
`` The American people should know who we are going to war with. ” Did you know the `` associated forces '' in the current # AUMF are classified ? @ Vlahos_at_TAC on efforts to give the president even more power https : //t.co/Hd23zme7nA
@ steve_vladeck @ BryanDBender @ SuzanneSues57 https : //t.co/5DKKjcnQM1
The next president ? https : //t.co/XvNbTkN2ze https : //t.co/QcvpzDzxRQ
`` The American people can see for themselves that regardless of whom they elect , regardless of which party is nominally in power , the United States remains in a state of perpetual war . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRszjS
`` Trump 's foreign policy aides spend most of their time trying to talk him out of his most sensible ideas . '' https : //t.co/3ZHzulAsKV
`` Maintaining U.S. 'leadership ' and securing actual American interests have little or nothing in common . '' https : //t.co/TP1U9HDXEj
`` Underlying the intellectual property defense is the faulty assumption that imitation produces little value when in fact it is critical to competitive markets and progress . '' https : //t.co/7rUHaIL7tU
`` My father walked away from every debate and discussion having encouraged peace , gentleness , and a sense of dignity . Watching him was a little like staring at a photo negative of a Fox News panel . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZdQKq
There are worse things than indecisiveness - like war as a first resort . https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
`` I watched countless American tourists display remarkable humility and deference to these customs and beliefs . But is this approach reciprocal ? '' https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
`` Teens are on their phones , on average , for nine hours a day and the heaviest cell phone addicts swipe , touch , or use their phones up to 5,427 times a day . '' https : //t.co/ZhAChAPQTF
`` When I was a child , weekends and nighttime served as reprieves from the school bully and the general drama of school itself . Nowadays there is no escape and the effects are daunting . '' https : //t.co/ZhAChAPQTF
`` Two peculiar characteristics set Bolton apart from most folks in D.C. : an unabashedly luxurious mustache and an unmatched penchant for unjustified preemptive violence . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdp0gl
`` I have experienced firsthand the strengthening of familial ties that comes from the birth of child . As we cease to have babies , we will also cease to cement the new social ties that naturally come as a result of growing our families . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiBjkU
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
Turkey or the Kurds ? Soon we may have to choose : https : //t.co/pMWVrY9C6D
If you 're worried about liberty and free markets , big tech is right behind big government : https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` Whatever Trump says , America is not coming out of Syria . We are going deeper in . Trump ’ s commitment to extricate us from these bankrupting and blood-soaked Middle East wars and to seek a new rapprochement with Russia is 'inoperative . ' '' https : //t.co/rLRmAJnVHz
https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV https : //t.co/Nk1glTTo1h
`` If the illegal U.S. military presence in Syria has to continue so that the U.S. doesn ’ t 'turn over ' Syria to the allies of the Syrian government , U.S. forces are never going to leave . '' https : //t.co/TP1U9HmmML
https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs https : //t.co/Lx65vXgNVB
https : //t.co/KULYdnjS2u https : //t.co/qvazsjPLLU
https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi https : //t.co/QkvaHuqoKV
https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd https : //t.co/GuEvteICab
NEW Paul Gottfried : Remaking the world in the neoconservative image https : //t.co/GAFXs79Uwq https : //t.co/nX51EiFALl
Would Buckley have supported Trump ? https : //t.co/pACALOIbti
If # Elvis is cultural appropriation the world has gone really off-key . David Masciotra acquits The King on TAC tonight : https : //t.co/028RxdR0f0 https : //t.co/t3RLzXDkYl
`` Russia has offered to open up Douma to inspectors from the Organization for the Prevention of Chemical Weapons , for a full investigation . '' Too late . https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs
NEW : @ BBatdc Barbara Boland wants to help catch the Washington swamp monster https : //t.co/QnJvwPpoLP https : //t.co/qvhxz4G5n4
`` This is not thinking . This is emoting — and it is emoting just as much as the kind of rhetoric that Trump and his ilk use when he discusses immigration . '' https : //t.co/Ml3jTUG4zI
NEW @ Vlahos_at_TAC Corker-Kaine
# AUMF bill offers White House power to cement unilateral forever-war , giving old phrase 'world police ' new meaning https : //t.co/Hd23zlWww2 https : //t.co/VmYq2tFk0k
`` What ’ s critical is that , as humans and their creations learn from each other , we co-evolve towards greater appreciation , justice , and wisdom rather than the reverse . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` In Lasch ’ s estimation , the Right ’ s commitment to capitalism and an unfettered free market is equally as destructive of families and communities as the sexual liberation project of the progressive Left . '' https : //t.co/Ft6ad2KblI
`` If Trump believes that international relationships are all zero-sum games , he has an odd habit of putting the U.S. at a disadvantage again and again . '' https : //t.co/GFQLC2YzxE
`` Given the costs of groundless preemption , indecisiveness is often a midwife to careful contemplation and peace . '' Someone tell Bolton : https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
Children can make marriages stronger and create new friendships . https : //t.co/33TCOiBjkU
`` While I understand that “ pushing people ’ s buttons ” can be a sort of journalistic style , I would argue that it has done more damage than good in our political age . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
`` In their celebrations of these holidays , as with the products they buy , foreigners often assume they are taking on aspects of American identity , effectively 'becoming American . ' This should not be . '' https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
`` 'A kaleidoscope ' he said . 'That ’ s what it was called . ' He smiled and continued : 'Well , that ’ s Syria . ' '' https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd
`` Max Boot has no respect for Authority , Tradition , and Prescription—not in this country , and not in those manifold countries he would have us invade '' . https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` 'There absolutely must be consequences to destructive student behaviors if for no better reason than to protect the vast majority of students who are well behaved and want to learn . ' '' https : //t.co/ZhAChAPQTF
`` Rather than destroying the swamp and and bringing the federal government and its citizenry closer together , many new swamps would spring forth . '' https : //t.co/X8NhRdQs6s
`` If the illegal U.S. military presence in Syria has to continue so that the U.S. doesn ’ t 'turn over ' Syria to the allies of the Syrian government , U.S. forces are never going to leave . '' https : //t.co/TP1U9HDXEj
`` The emailed correspondence for this article reached Bradbury only through a human intermediary . Seeing 'Ray Bradbury ' appear in my inbox produced a momentary letdown akin to learning that Ted Nugent is a vegan or A.J . Foyt rides a bicycle . '' https : //t.co/xfeJPGyMBS
`` We know what the Post-Christian ( White ) Left looks like , and its pretty scary as well . If you look at Black Lives Matter ’ s official mission statement website , I think you might get a look at what a Post-Christian ( Black ) Left would look like . '' https : //t.co/FSCzpFCYzH
`` Throughout it all , a sense of lurking menace is positively palpable . In Curran ’ s telling , Kennedy himself is the chief architect of that menace : 'Chappaquiddick ' is no puff piece but a decidedly anti-hagiographic portrayal of its protagonist . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
Critics are alarmed by Ankara 's turn toward Russia , and `` who lost Turkey '' talk is in the air . https : //t.co/pMWVrY9C6D
`` Children can strain marriages , and no parent among us would say that motherhood and fatherhood are easy tickets to marital bliss . But the commitments and relationships forged by having children can—and should—bind us to one another . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiBjkU
`` Certainly I would have been greatly saddened if my sister-in-law ’ s marriage had dissolved before my son , nieces , and nephew were born ; after their births , however , I would have been devastated on behalf of those children . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
American culture is more than Coke and McDonalds . Americans need to learn that too : https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
`` By this point Bolton ’ s record of calling for war in every possible situation had lost the ability to shock . Still , the Founding Fathers would probably be appalled . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdGBEV
`` My father walked away from every debate and discussion having encouraged peace , gentleness , and a sense of dignity . Watching him was a little like staring at a photo negative of a Fox News panel . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsRK3o
`` When I was a child , weekends and nighttime served as reprieves from the school bully and the general drama of school itself . Nowadays there is no escape and the effects are daunting . '' https : //t.co/ZhAChAyfv5
`` Humanitarian '' bombing one day , enabling starvation the next . https : //t.co/Xu8TbqaWJO
`` Protecting human rights and achieving justice depends on a strong , benevolent state . In the immigration debate , he said , these things have to be taken into consideration . '' https : //t.co/Ml3jTUG4zI
`` Ray Bradbury would have made a great 'Revenge of the Nerds ' character alongside Gilbert , Lewis , Poindexter , Wormser , and Lamar Latrell , had he not been such a caricature . '' https : //t.co/xfeJPGhbKk
`` Our emphasis on international commodity sales has increasingly distorted our local food markets , our care for the earth , and the sustainability of our production processes . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIuvHe
`` Surely a realist is interested in these relationships primarily because of how they benefit the U.S. , and when they start costing too much a realist would have no problem downgrading or ending those relationships . Trump gives U.S. clients a blank check . '' https : //t.co/GFQLC2GYG6
`` It comes as no surprise that childless couples are more likely to divorce than couples with children . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
`` Whatever Trump says , America is not coming out of Syria . We are going deeper in . Trump ’ s commitment to extricate us from these bankrupting and blood-soaked Middle East wars and to seek a new rapprochement with Russia is 'inoperative . ' '' https : //t.co/rLRmAJ6kQ1
`` An even more fundamental looming question is how humans should relate to machines that have capabilities equal to , or even greater than , our own . If we can develop such machines , we will . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` Countless Asians I met went to great lengths to explain how their particular culture was very different from America , and how it would require great time and energy for an American to truly understand and appreciate these divergences . '' https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi
Turkey or the Kurds ? Soon we may have to choose : https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd
`` Our salvation may be found in making the Constitution the battleground of our politics—especially unwavering adherence to its separation of powers and checks and balances in matters of war and peace . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
It did n't take very long , did it ? https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
`` Just as the so-called 'red line ' episode didn ’ t make U.S. adversaries more aggressive than they already were , this attack will have no discernible effect on their behavior , either . '' https : //t.co/5xHJJnStFr
RT @ CurtMills : the United States ’ fling with the Kurds could force Turkey into the hands of Russia and Iran

the latest in @ amconmag from m…
TAC Afternoon Edition @ MichaelShindler : `` Two peculiar characteristics set Bolton apart from most folks in D.C. : an unabashedly luxurious mustache and an unmatched penchant for unjustified preemptive violence . '' https : //t.co/OtzOxdp0gl https : //t.co/cSH2JM4ubh
`` IP proponents are guilty of doing a priori history . Real history undermines the utilitarian case for patents and copyright . '' https : //t.co/7rUHaItwCm
`` Nuisance and an easy remedy are not enough to justify dialing 911 in an age of police brutality . After all , is the very real risk of undue escalation—even violence—worth it to turn off music ? '' https : //t.co/a4yXkUlbir
`` While I understand that “ pushing people ’ s buttons ” can be a sort of journalistic style , I would argue that it has done more damage than good in our political age . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
`` I have experienced firsthand the strengthening of familial ties that comes from the birth of child . As we cease to have babies , we will also cease to cement the new social ties that naturally come as a result of growing our families . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiSUcs
`` The War Party that Trump routed in the primaries is capturing and crafting his foreign policy . '' https : //t.co/rLRmAJ6kQ1
`` When I was a child , weekends and nighttime served as reprieves from the school bully and the general drama of school itself . Nowadays there is no escape and the effects are daunting . '' https : //t.co/ZhAChAPQTF
`` I watched countless American tourists display remarkable humility and deference to these customs and beliefs . But is this approach reciprocal ? '' https : //t.co/9wPyzmOD1K
Our ongoing support for the Kurds might blow up NATO . https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
The same NJ street corner in 2007 and 2017 : https : //t.co/XS1EpU5zff https : //t.co/Skol1iSXGF
`` These sprawling international conglomerates are not so much stores or restaurants as they are corporations that happen to sell food or merchandise . There is little commitment or stake in the particular line of business . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` My father walked away from every debate and discussion having encouraged peace , gentleness , and a sense of dignity . Watching him was a little like staring at a photo negative of a Fox News panel . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsRK3o
`` Underlying the intellectual property defense is the faulty assumption that imitation produces little value when in fact it is critical to competitive markets and progress . '' https : //t.co/7rUHaItwCm
`` There is worth in Pinker ’ s exercise , if only because affirming our present can dispel the mirages we sometimes see in our past . It is a good thing that we no longer fear witches in the woods or torture criminals on racks . '' https : //t.co/Ft6ad2KblI
`` He backs out of international agreements when it would be less costly to remain in them , and he makes threats that he can not back up without courting catastrophe . Whatever that is , it isn ’ t recognizable as realism . '' https : //t.co/GFQLC2YzxE
NEW : `` 'Diamonds make babies , ' croons American country artist Dierks Bentley in his latest radio single . 'And babies make mamas . ' If I could take it from here , Deirks , I ’ ll raise you one more : babies make families . '' https : //t.co/33TCOiBjkU https : //t.co/M7pjcf6j6E
Buchanan : `` How long will we have to stay in the Middle East to assure the permanent hegemony of Sunni over Shiite ? '' Why is it our battle ? https : //t.co/KULYdnjS2u https : //t.co/MzsoIdXRGK
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : Great reporting by @ markperrydc on European Command vs. # Centcom over U.S. 'fling ' with # YPG . One mil commander : `` This w…
`` Shadi Hamid and I have been e-mailing for a short while , talking about the prospect of finding common ground between traditional American Christians and traditional American Muslims . '' https : //t.co/80JWJ9eQMY
NEW Casey Chalk : `` Americans abroad are actually quick to defer to other cultures . It 's a result of our own multiculturalism—but is it a good thing ? '' https : //t.co/9wPyzn6dTi https : //t.co/4D3uYeVHgy
RT @ stacyfmitchell : For chains , whether they sell shoes or toys is merely incidental . “ There is little commitment or stake in the particula…
RT @ FamStudies : Of Note : The Collapse of Manners | The American Conservative https : //t.co/g4ORVMqkDL via @ amconmag @ gracyolmstead
NEW @ markperrydc : Turkey is drifting out of the European/NATO orbit - and towards Russia . Our endless presence in the region is n't making it better . https : //t.co/pMWVrYrdvd https : //t.co/MLD46m30wV
This might be as big a threat to liberty as anything : https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` Maintaining U.S. 'leadership ' and securing actual American interests have little or nothing in common . '' https : //t.co/mc9qPyOY8c
`` In Lasch ’ s estimation , the Right ’ s commitment to capitalism and an unfettered free market is equally as destructive of families and communities as the sexual liberation project of the progressive Left . '' https : //t.co/Ft6ad2KblI
In some places , gentrification ca n't come soon enough : https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc https : //t.co/ihGUjBWoie
`` We know what the Post-Christian ( White ) Left looks like , and its pretty scary as well . If you look at Black Lives Matter ’ s official mission statement website , I think you might get a look at what a Post-Christian ( Black ) Left would look like . '' https : //t.co/FSCzpFCYzH
`` If the illegal U.S. military presence in Syria has to continue so that the U.S. doesn ’ t 'turn over ' Syria to the allies of the Syrian government , U.S. forces are never going to leave . '' https : //t.co/TP1U9HDXEj
NEW @ markperrydc : Break up on the way ? Spurned Turkey is turning toward Russia , buying $ 2.5B worth of missile batteries that are inoperable with NATO systems . What happened ? Ask # CENTCOM https : //t.co/BiWlW6OxQ9
@ RCDefense @ sbg1 @ dandrezner @ JJCarafano @ JJGreenWTOP @ GregJaffe https : //t.co/IfISFKjUzC
The same NJ street corner in 2007 and 2017 : https : //t.co/XS1EpU5zff https : //t.co/KfTsBl5hAI
`` Calls for 'dialogue ' are almost always a strategic move by heterodox/liberal people to establish a beachhead from which to dislodge and defeat orthodoxy . '' https : //t.co/NODPr36eEd
This might be as big a threat to liberty as anything : https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq https : //t.co/l5y3r3NmgK
`` It ’ s ironic that in the 25 years since the USSR went poof , and especially in the dozen-plus years since 9/11 , the American right has increasingly adopted the style of the old Soviet Union . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khbWYV
`` My father walked away from every debate and discussion having encouraged peace , gentleness , and a sense of dignity . Watching him was a little like staring at a photo negative of a Fox News panel . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
`` At some point , there will emerge a Democrat—probably not out of the party itself—who will be a Trump-like figure , someone who will run against the stale pieties of his or her own party , and win the nomination . '' https : //t.co/fI57YTcodN
`` There is a greater threat to individual liberty and autonomy than the one posed by big government . The threat comes from the growing power of leading technology companies such as Amazon , Apple , Facebook , Google , and Microsoft . '' https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq
`` Even half of weekly mass-goers ( for example ) believe that employers should be forced to provide contraception as part of their health care plan . '' https : //t.co/5ZeZpKfgb0
https : //t.co/MXtDAgLGmW https : //t.co/NNvUM5JT3R
`` This is the rhetoric of vigilantism , and international vigilantism is indistinguishable from aggression . '' https : //t.co/ula5DGfPgd
`` Max Boot has no respect for Authority , Tradition , and Prescription—not in this country , and not in those manifold countries he would have us invade '' . https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
https : //t.co/Ft6ad31Mdg https : //t.co/Txn0gPnAa3
https : //t.co/2KAJnsRK3o https : //t.co/w4nmzSMl6v
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
https : //t.co/X8NhRdQs6s https : //t.co/DgjdGKLy2O
https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0 https : //t.co/jnE1IdauQI
`` Trump 's foreign policy aides spend most of their time trying to talk him out of his most sensible ideas . '' https : //t.co/3ZHzulS49v
Pope Francis , Protestant ? https : //t.co/hC134jAA6C
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
Your romantic dinner might be on Google Maps too : https : //t.co/XS1EpUna6N https : //t.co/dbMGKjIqBT
This bill might curtail internet freedom , but it wo n't really stop sex trafficking . https : //t.co/T01RZQUwPC
`` The American people can see for themselves that regardless of whom they elect , regardless of which party is nominally in power , the United States remains in a state of perpetual war . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRszjS
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/hC134jAA6C https : //t.co/a8hFw6GmW5
NEW @ markperrydc goes deep in the worsening US-Turkey relations . How bad ? Turkey just bought $ 2.5B worth of surface-to-air missile batteries from Russia that are in-operable w/NATO systems

@ GrecianFormula @ CurtMills @ Diplopundit @ MGHernandez85 @ EvansRyan202 @ daxe https : //t.co/zyyDRj9S7I
`` It is liberation alone that nourishes Pinkerian man , liberation from superstition , poverty , and “ authority ” itself . If this is liberalism , then Deneen may have a point . '' https : //t.co/Ft6ad31Mdg
`` While I understand that “ pushing people ’ s buttons ” can be a sort of journalistic style , I would argue that it has done more damage than good in our political age . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsRK3o
`` Nuisance and an easy remedy are not enough to justify dialing 911 in an age of police brutality . After all , is the very real risk of undue escalation—even violence—worth it to turn off music ? '' https : //t.co/a4yXkUCM9Z
`` 'They want to create a nice environment for the EU institutions but the end result is they spoil it for everyone and confirm the citizens ’ view of them as out of touch and deaf to our concerns . ' '' https : //t.co/X8NhRe82Y0
`` The technology companies also use their highly valued stock to acquire smaller companies that have developed competing or complementary technologies . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` Just as the so-called 'red line ' episode didn ’ t make U.S. adversaries more aggressive than they already were , this attack will have no discernible effect on their behavior , either . '' https : //t.co/5xHJJnStFr
The next president ? https : //t.co/XvNbTkN2ze https : //t.co/OlZ4qmMCwT
It did n't take very long , did it ? https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
Too late now , but here 's how we should have proceeded : https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
In the McCarthy era , painting and politics did n't mix : https : //t.co/tSt9NhLISv
`` Our salvation may be found in making the Constitution the battleground of our politics—especially unwavering adherence to its separation of powers and checks and balances in matters of war and peace . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Our emphasis on international commodity sales has increasingly distorted our local food markets , our care for the earth , and the sustainability of our production processes . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIuvHe
`` In my time in Brussels I rarely spoke with anyone from Belgium ; in Strasbourg those few I spoke with had a deep aversion to the employees of the European Parliament and the Council of Europe . '' https : //t.co/X8NhRe82Y0
`` Rhetorical barbs and unkindnesses are just as cowardly as conversational evasion . They are both forms of self-protection , aimed more at elevating the self than at loving the others in our midst . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
`` Neglect makes cities haunting and , sometimes , dangerous : a healthy urbanism requires constant work . And Great Streets reminds us that this endeavor is more than a technical or bureaucratic exercise . '' https : //t.co/MXtDAgLGmW
`` What may be needed is a new kind of social contract under which a substantial portion of the wealth generated by robots and other non-human systems is redistributed . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` You can think ! You can reason ! You can appreciate the world ’ s richness , inquire about its mysteries , and improve the human condition ! That the soul might need something deeper than this goes unconsidered . '' https : //t.co/Ft6ad31Mdg
How will the faith survive in a world that sees Christianity as a bad thing ? Dreher : https : //t.co/5ZeZpKwR2y
`` It is not clear that Trump has anyone working for him , at least at the State Department , Pentagon , and National Security Council , who is not a card-carrying member of the Blob . '' https : //t.co/3ZHzulAsKV
`` Some Orthodox liberal recently denounced me as a former Evangelical , even though I have never been Evangelical . '' https : //t.co/NODPr2ODfD
`` Those who exhibit an exceptionally acute level of logic are dangerous—and frustrating . Dangerous because they expose the fact that many of us believe and promote all kinds of flawed ideas that need to be either adjusted or jettisoned entirely . '' https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE
`` Whatever time it is , it ’ s time to appreciate Rockwell Kent , one of America ’ s most popular painters and designers in the 1920s , ’ 30s , and ’ 40s . '' https : //t.co/tSt9Nhu7tV
Some books get better with age . Allan Bloom 's `` The Closing of the American Mind '' is one of them : https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` The shop building was sprayed with graffiti ; at least one window was broken ; the offending sign was carted off . The protesters demanded that the shop be shut down . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO
`` In Lasch ’ s estimation , the Right ’ s commitment to capitalism and an unfettered free market is equally as destructive of families and communities as the sexual liberation project of the progressive Left . '' https : //t.co/Ft6ad31Mdg
`` Manners take work . Kindness takes courage . And both are worth preserving and practicing in this fractured age . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsRK3o
`` Member states can ’ t ignore the U.N. Charter ’ s prohibition against using force against other states in the name of enforcing other international norms . '' https : //t.co/ula5DGfPgd
Here 's one thing we can learn from the European Union - putting government agencies in `` flyover country '' does n't really work . https : //t.co/X8NhRe82Y0
The tech giants destroy jobs , distort markets , and trample on liberties . It 's time we directed technological change - rather than the other way around : https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` Remember how a number of non-interventionist types voted for Trump thinking that he would be less likely to entangle America in things like this ? I do . '' https : //t.co/EAUPRGGeLB
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` The thing that gets to me about both politicized conservative Christians and politicized liberal Christians is how little self-awareness they have of their own sinfulness , of their own lack of humility , of their own need for repentance . '' https : //t.co/FSCzpFlnI9
This week 's # TACBookshelf featuring @ MattPurple and @ DanielMKishi with thoughts on Steven Pinker and Christopher Lasch : https : //t.co/Ft6ad31Mdg https : //t.co/DbNjGN7d9q
`` Lasch ’ s conservatism was always idiosyncratic , fusing respect for the conservative traditions of working-class life—such as faith , family , and neighborhood—with a genuine desire for egalitarian democracy based on broad-based proprietorship . '' https : //t.co/5Q66SeA2Jh
`` To borrow from Mark Twain , media reports of the death of the attorney-client privilege harbingered by the Cohen search warrant are greatly exaggerated . '' https : //t.co/i25In6AUUm
`` Congress should enact a statute requiring the retirement without pension of any general or admiral who materially misleads legislators or the public about prospective or ongoing wars with reckless disregard for the truth . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
RT @ gracyolmstead : Some thoughts on civil discourse and the collapse of manners ( especially , but not just , in the journalistic/social media…
`` To embrace your own innocence , your own sense of victimhood ( or identifying with the victim ) , is the way to power in this culture . But that is not the Gospel . '' https : //t.co/FSCzpFCYzH
`` The virtues my dad practiced in conversation—gentleness , humility , quietness—require us to lay aside whataboutism . We have to assume that our own words are not the most important , and that being right is not the end or culmination of conversation . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO https : //t.co/zycXOvacu7
`` In perhaps the film ’ s tawdriest moment , Kennedy fights with a companion about whether to wear a fake neck brace to Kopechne ’ s funeral . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
Environmentalists used to say `` dilution is no solution to pollution . '' Geographic dilution of the swamp wo n't drain the swamp either : https : //t.co/X8NhRe82Y0 https : //t.co/phfUZVNjVH
`` Modern conservatism generally has regarded bureaucratic expertise and the use of governmental regulation as antithetical to individual liberty and autonomy . '' Here 's another threat to liberty : https : //t.co/vPA7fok2xq https : //t.co/g1neC7q2D2
Too late now , but here 's how we should have proceeded : https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs
`` The trouble with 'modern ' conservatism , however , is that historic conservatism didn ’ t fail . It has not been tried and found wanting , as Chesterton would say ; it has been found difficult and not tried . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZdQKq
Cities are not products - they are , or can be , works of art : https : //t.co/MXtDAgu5vo
`` To paraphrase one of Williamson ’ s most controversial bon mots about trans actress Laverne Cox , I don ’ t know if we have to worry about trans people being 'effigies ' of women , but I do know we have to worry about effigies of public intellectuals . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2glbOtm
`` Lasch understood the paradox that much of the modern American left and right find contradictory : property could be theft , particularly under capitalist property relations and wage labor , but it also meant freedom for small producers . '' https : //t.co/5Q66SeA2Jh
`` Regnery , incidentally , the publisher of Buckley ’ s God and Man at Yale , nearly single-handedly kept conservative literature alive through the 1940s and ’ 50s , much in the manner of a medieval abbot preserving Christian manuscripts . '' https : //t.co/pACALOIbti
The Catholic Church as an institution will remain - but is the essence of Roman Catholicism ebbing away ? https : //t.co/hC134jiYI2
What do you think will happen next ? https : //t.co/vyoyzUJqFe
NEW @ gracyolmstead on manners and civility : `` My father walked away from every debate and discussion having encouraged peace , gentleness , and a sense of dignity . Watching him was a little like staring at a photo negative of a Fox News panel . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsRK3o https : //t.co/bX4rjp4S9y
`` We don ’ t need to reprise all of the hubris , stupidity , and neoconservative babble that helped tear Iraq apart . '' https : //t.co/upKMPSEp4B
NEW Kai Weiss : Moving the swamp wo n't drain it : `` Rather than reducing income inequality , the two-layered society between government workers and the rest of the population would become more evident . '' https : //t.co/X8NhRdQs6s https : //t.co/IpR6xuDp7p
NEW William Nitze : Conservatives should take note : `` There is a greater threat to individual liberty and autonomy than the one posed by big government . The threat comes from the growing power of the leading tech companies . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0 https : //t.co/SOtXe9GVWa
WATCH : TAC 's Bob Merry talks the political dynamics threading though 1968 on @ cspan this weekend https : //t.co/kn0VN770PM https : //t.co/la2AJrV3BX
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Trump presumably remembers how pundits swooned about his “ leadership ” when he ordered the attack on the Syrian government last year , and he craves that applause and affirmation . '' https : //t.co/HyjNmGMzdF
The street designs of three great , classic cities : https : //t.co/MXtDAgLGmW https : //t.co/wHwAHTSKzj
`` There is a greater threat to individual liberty and autonomy than the one posed by big government . '' It 's big tech : https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
`` Max Boot has no respect for Authority , Tradition , and Prescription—not in this country , and not in those manifold countries he would have us invade '' . https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` My father walked away from every debate and discussion having encouraged peace , gentleness , and a sense of dignity . Watching him was a little like staring at a photo negative of a Fox News panel . '' https : //t.co/2KAJnsA8EO
The next president ? https : //t.co/XvNbTl4DXO https : //t.co/sxbzx5VpDh
`` It ’ s ironic that in the 25 years since the USSR went poof , and especially in the dozen-plus years since 9/11 , the American right has increasingly adopted the style of the old Soviet Union . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khtynv
`` Max Boot has no respect for Authority , Tradition , and Prescription—not in this country , and not in those manifold countries he would have us invade . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` At some point , there will emerge a Democrat—probably not out of the party itself—who will be a Trump-like figure , someone who will run against the stale pieties of his or her own party , and win the nomination . '' https : //t.co/fI57YTtZCn
Moving the swamp wo n't drain it : `` Rather than reducing income inequality , the two-layered society between government workers and the rest of the population would become more evident . '' https : //t.co/X8NhRe82Y0
`` There is a greater threat to individual liberty and autonomy than the one posed by big government . The threat comes from the growing power of leading technology companies such as Amazon , Apple , Facebook , Google , and Microsoft . '' https : //t.co/vPA7foBDW0
Too late now , but here 's how we should have proceeded : https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
NEW Kai Weiss @ The96Kai : Moving the swamp out of Washington and into flyover country is not going to resolve anything . I saw them try it in Europe . https : //t.co/1jv0IjJKvf https : //t.co/ZgmgzrqV8D
NEW @ gracyolmstead : Winsomeness and gentlemanliness are being undermined by the online race to rage https : //t.co/llfTKnaRtk https : //t.co/dN7zpi0tcL
NEW tonight : William Nitze says the tech giants must be stopped : They destroy jobs , distort markets , and trample on liberties https : //t.co/jZF9Xp9Etn https : //t.co/DsQPkHXUnE
`` Brunch has replaced Sunday worship . The bottomless mimosa is the blood of Christ . '' https : //t.co/HrlxQOvaiP
A classic work in urbanism reminds us that placemaking is more art than science . It 's an art we need to rediscover : https : //t.co/MXtDAgLGmW
`` Look at those law students at CUNY : despising the law , and despising free speech , in the name of 'safety . ' '' https : //t.co/FRiOlwBQJk
`` Even half of weekly mass-goers ( for example ) believe that employers should be forced to provide contraception as part of their health care plan . '' https : //t.co/5ZeZpKfgb0
`` At some point , there will emerge a Democrat—probably not out of the party itself—who will be a Trump-like figure , someone who will run against the stale pieties of his or her own party , and win the nomination . '' https : //t.co/fI57YTtZCn
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
`` This is the rhetoric of vigilantism , and international vigilantism is indistinguishable from aggression . '' https : //t.co/ula5DGfPgd
`` Max Boot has no respect for Authority , Tradition , and Prescription—not in this country , and not in those manifold countries he would have us invade . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` It ’ s ironic that in the 25 years since the USSR went poof , and especially in the dozen-plus years since 9/11 , the American right has increasingly adopted the style of the old Soviet Union . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khtynv
A classic work in urbanism reminds us that placemaking is more art than science . It 's an art we need to rediscover : https : //t.co/MXtDAgu5vo
`` The skill with which America tuned its WWII firebombing into an exquisite way to destroy civilians reached its peak on March 10 , 1945 , when three hundred American B-29 bombers flew virtually unopposed over Tokyo ’ s most densely populated residential area . '' https : //t.co/GSnzLQbb3G
Allan Bloom cited `` a professor who one day was reading political quotes to a group of his radical students . The students supported the quotes , Bloom tells us , until the professor informed them that their author was Mussolini . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
`` Calls for 'dialogue ' are almost always a strategic move by heterodox/liberal people to establish a beachhead from which to dislodge and defeat orthodoxy . '' https : //t.co/NODPr2ODfD
Is localism making a comeback ? https : //t.co/pABD2JiG37
`` Brunch has replaced Sunday worship . The bottomless mimosa is the blood of Christ . '' https : //t.co/HrlxQOvaiP
The next president ? https : //t.co/XvNbTl4DXO https : //t.co/nxdGxONSwd
It did n't take very long , did it ? https : //t.co/A033tohl1K
`` The U.S. and its allies have committed a flagrant violation of international law , and Trump has trampled on the Constitution once again . '' https : //t.co/yoAqUAAXUP
The film `` juxtaposes shots of Kopechne ’ s pale body being pulled to the surface with Kennedy sitting down to brunch the next morning . On-the-nose ? Sure . Brutally effective ? Absolutely . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
`` The U.S. and its allies have committed a flagrant violation of international law , and Trump has trampled on the Constitution once again . '' https : //t.co/yoAqUAjn3h
`` To borrow from Mark Twain , media reports of the death of the attorney-client privilege harbingered by the Cohen search warrant are greatly exaggerated . '' https : //t.co/i25In6AUUm
`` During the worst of the Great Recession when journalists at established 'trades ' like Variety and Hollywood Reporter were being pink-slipped by the dozen , things couldn ’ t have been better for a small elite of “ name ” editors and columnists . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M
`` Forthcoming book from me : The Benedict Option 2020 : This Time , Let ’ s Head For The Hills . '' https : //t.co/ekK5U2J6Kc
Last month , Rand Paul wrote a piece for us warning against Gina Haspel and Mike Pompeo . Read it again : https : //t.co/NkrlZq2bup
It did n't take very long , did it ? https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
`` One can only speculate how the Chappaquiddick incident might have played out in the era of # MeToo . Alas , we can never know . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
`` In other words , the attack is effectively useless and illegal , but so long as it conveys our displeasure with the Syrian government Slaughter thinks it is worth doing . '' https : //t.co/ula5DGfPgd
`` It is a sociological truism noted by Tocqueville that there is no more dangerous period for a social system than when a time of gradual improvement suddenly ends . '' https : //t.co/JfXOPu7Z7P
Thanks @ laughterhopesok ! ... for those just joining us : https : //t.co/Ss5oWy8rN6 https : //t.co/jjVDlUVxQm
`` Where are the thinkpieces in the New Yorker interrogating Muslim and Hasidic Jewish-owned businesses , asking whether they should be allowed to 'join ' the New York community ? They don ’ t exist . '' https : //t.co/AoV3IFbai8
What is our vital national interest in Syria again ? ... . https : //t.co/vyoyzUrPNG
The next president ? https : //t.co/XvNbTl4DXO https : //t.co/x9vYkOyeuB
`` Curran juxtaposes shots of Kopechne ’ s pale body being pulled to the surface with Kennedy sitting down to brunch the next morning . On-the-nose ? Sure . Brutally effective ? Absolutely . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
`` The U.S. and its allies have committed a flagrant violation of international law , and Trump has trampled on the Constitution once again . '' https : //t.co/yoAqUAjn3h
`` Trafficking exists here in the United States , even if we don ’ t like to admit it . The most common victims are illegal immigrants . '' https : //t.co/T01RZQUwPC
Do n't forget @ RandPaul 's case against Gina Haspel and Mike Pompeo : https : //t.co/NkrlZpKACR
Ritter : We 're still waiting for the evidence .
Mattis was not too forthcoming last night when reporters ask :

https : //t.co/OppAzTEkzR
`` It may shock you to discover in detail the degree to which the 'science ' of transgenderism is driven not by science , but by cultural politics . '' https : //t.co/Rz3vBb27C7
`` Brunch has replaced Sunday worship . The bottomless mimosa is the blood of Christ . '' https : //t.co/HrlxQOvaiP
`` The inability of the centralized nation-state to handle the problems that beset any large and complex society is leading to a fresh appreciation of the role of local government . '' https : //t.co/pABD2J15bz
https : //t.co/3KJr2VUaCI https : //t.co/cjcVEd1gZ6
`` Because he is Speaker of House , his usual abject cowardice is especially damaging at a time when the country needs Congressional leaders to reassert the legislative branch ’ s prerogatives against an overreaching executive . '' https : //t.co/MER607ESL1
The movie 's portrayal of Kennedy 's apology is `` a flashback to a bygone , pre-Watergate age , one characterized by the naïve belief that the apologies of public figures actually meant something . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO
. @ DanielLarison : Trump tramples on the constitution , again
# SyriaAirStrike
https : //t.co/gXmHqaZ6qo https : //t.co/Lz5HLktohJ
`` Islam , unlike Christianity , presupposes an Islamic state , and that it is uniquely resistant among major world religions to secularization . '' https : //t.co/hwP7nHLw8d
It did n't take very long , did it ? https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
Allan Bloom cited `` a professor who one day was reading political quotes to a group of his radical students . The students supported the quotes , Bloom tells us , until the professor informed them that their author was Mussolini . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
`` Calls for 'dialogue ' are almost always a strategic move by heterodox/liberal people to establish a beachhead from which to dislodge and defeat orthodoxy . '' https : //t.co/NODPr36eEd
`` The skill with which America tuned its WWII firebombing into an exquisite way to destroy civilians reached its peak on March 10 , 1945 , when three hundred American B-29 bombers flew virtually unopposed over Tokyo ’ s most densely populated residential area . '' https : //t.co/GSnzLQsLVe
A classic work reminds us that placemaking is more art than science . It 's an art we need to rediscover : https : //t.co/MXtDAgu5vo
`` It ’ s ironic that in the 25 years since the USSR went poof , and especially in the dozen-plus years since 9/11 , the American right has increasingly adopted the style of the old Soviet Union . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khbWYV
`` Max Boot has no respect for Authority , Tradition , and Prescription—not in this country , and not in those manifold countries he would have us invade . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` Christopher Hitchens once said that Dylan 'never sang so beautifully ' as during his Christian era . '' https : //t.co/Q2kR6CVE3q
`` When I was a child growing up in the 1980s and '90s , the residue of that Southern heritage was still palpable '' in Northern Virginia . https : //t.co/t6chTRhTMn
What is our vital national interest in Syria again ? ... . https : //t.co/vyoyzUrPNG
`` Illegal-alien advocacy groups take for granted that aliens with U.S.-born children represent a special case , since the U.S. government treats those children as U.S. citizens . But there is nothing special about their case . '' https : //t.co/zFXUMek35a
`` Trump was being shorn one patch of combover at a time , his strength , power , and will drained away by the Praetorian Guard of the Deep State . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRaXVi
Would William F. Buckley have supported Trump ? https : //t.co/pACALOqABK
`` Saudi Arabia is the only country on earth named after a private family—rather as if the United States were known as Trump America or the United Kingdom as Windsor Britain . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` If believing that there ’ s no tape of Trump hiring Russian hookers to perform a perverted act in a Moscow hotel room hinges on believing Trump would never hire a hooker , then put on your raincoat and open the Purell . '' https : //t.co/8b9DXGRzPG
https : //t.co/i25In6SwiW https : //t.co/viQZ9TvvEy
`` Where are the thinkpieces in the New Yorker interrogating Muslim and Hasidic Jewish-owned businesses , asking whether they should be allowed to 'join ' the New York community ? They don ’ t exist . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/AoV3IFbai8
https : //t.co/K7ziikqaBU https : //t.co/5WzCLSSDn7
https : //t.co/E5kMbyLpgo https : //t.co/YLZ3AnaUkg
`` Given a zero-sum state of mind , every day is an existential crisis , and foes foreign and domestic will always be found who must be vanquished . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khbWYV
https : //t.co/5Uu7kulJtD https : //t.co/14kArFw5PE
https : //t.co/vyoyzUrPNG https : //t.co/AfamWfiLPg
`` Comey might be a dour stick-in-the-mud , but to see the Republican Party spend money and moral capital with a tabloidy website trashing a former director of the FBI is grotesque . But hey , it ’ s Trump ’ s party now . Golden showers all around ! '' https : //t.co/8b9DXGzYr6
`` The Catholic integralists have a clear idea of the kind of political order they seek , but they have not the remotest chance of seeing it realized . They are going to have to figure out how to preserve the faith under increasingly hostile conditions . '' https : //t.co/hwP7nHtVgF
`` Perpetual war to rid the world of evil is about as far as one can get from traditional conservatism . '' https : //t.co/lAEWoqLq4f
Interestingly @ IngrahamAngle does n't seem as convinced ! https : //t.co/taJRQenJWK
Another one - add this to Massie ,
Amash ... https : //t.co/Ozj8Ntbl9K
`` The pattern of post-World War II development I witnessed in Orange County struck me as fundamentally wrong-headed . But others appeared to accept it as inevitable and somehow normal . '' https : //t.co/xriCifu0mc
RT @ DanielLarison : Trump 's illegal attack on Syria has started https : //t.co/gbll1iWelb
`` There are two versions of what happened in Douma . '' Trump must be *positive* ours is the right one - right ? ... https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
`` Imagine dozens of aisles of garden gnomes , welcome mats , rugs , brass urns , and hundreds of other tchotchkes and trinkets . Then imagine , if you will , the tens of thousands of similar stores across the country , filled to the brim with the same junk . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p
The movie 's portrayal of Kennedy 's apology is `` a flashback to a bygone , pre-Watergate age , one characterized by the naïve belief that the apologies of public figures actually meant something . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
`` How does a religious institution—a college , a church , and so forth—get to this point ? It often starts with “ dialogue ” . Who could be against dialogue ? Just talking about things , right ? '' https : //t.co/NODPr36eEd
`` The United States has vital national interests ... '' in Syria , Mattis says on Pentagon briefing seconds ago . Readers : Can you name one of those interests ?
It did n't take very long , did it ? https : //t.co/A033toyVTi https : //t.co/KMWodB3Jl9
`` In sum , to borrow from Mark Twain , media reports of the death of the attorney-client privilege harbingered by the Cohen search warrant are greatly exaggerated . '' https : //t.co/i25In6SwiW
Well , he and many others are probably happy now , but not the people who voted for Trump to end the wars . https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90 https : //t.co/KKiajNWAnA
Deja vu ! @ DanielLarison on April 2017 's Syria strikes : https : //t.co/Hkfoy5d5MH
And there it is . Thoughts ? https : //t.co/RfzylCqcfE
BREAKING : It is being reported that the U.S. and partners have attacked Syria . See our argument against : https : //t.co/vyoyzUrPNG
. @ DanielLarison : The 2001 AUMF can not possibly apply to the Syrian government , which is not in league with Al Qaeda or any other jihadist groups . https : //t.co/plTHtVToIT
`` 'Modern ' conservatism is in fact not conservatism at all : it is a kind of libertarianism , albeit with an anti-progressive instinct . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
. @ DanielLarison on setting off the powder keg https : //t.co/YRfuIEEIDt
`` To be clear , an authorization for using force against the old Iraqi government can not be used to justify attacks on a different government in a different country over 15 years later . '' That 's what John Yoo thinks . https : //t.co/UU5ZZFITsG
`` The outcome of Syria ’ s civil war may mean everything to Assad , and much to Russia , Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Iran , and Israel ; It means comparatively little to a USA 5,000 miles away . '' https : //t.co/E5kMbytOoQ
`` The Trump administration has not offered a public legal justification for last year ’ s strikes . '' That 's because there is none . https : //t.co/nxuQKDXmfB
`` At some point , there will emerge a Democrat—probably not out of the party itself—who will be a Trump-like figure , someone who will run against the stale pieties of his or her own party , and win the nomination . '' https : //t.co/fI57YTtZCn
`` Hanging in the balance ? Nine million veterans who rely on the VA for life-sustaining care in return for the sacrifices they have made . '' https : //t.co/VXh8Srt7HB
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' Then why ca n't our generals see it ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
We could use his thought today . Do you know who he is ? https : //t.co/kpR0L4CCxY https : //t.co/kf05zp0ZUC
`` Aliens who have been admitted to study here are not allowed to work , and aliens who were not invited at all should not be allowed to work either . '' https : //t.co/zFXUMe2sdC
`` Trump seems to be unusually susceptible to demands that he 'do something ' ... He presumably remembers how pundits swooned about his 'leadership ' when he ordered the attack on the Syrian government last year . '' https : //t.co/HyjNmGuXP5
These Christian intellectuals can teach us a thing or two about civil debate and disagreement : https : //t.co/pGfE5dskRc
Is the art of crafting streets and towns and cities obsolete ? Not one bit : https : //t.co/MXtDAgLGmW
`` This new conservatism would be either fundamentally traditionalist or fundamentally libertarian . It could not be both . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZdQKq
`` Beyond providing a competing narrative , however , Russia has offered to open up Douma to inspectors for a full investigation . '' Why do n't we see what they find ? https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs
`` Neither God nor history nor the diverse and delicate fibers that comprise a nation ’ s social order have any bearing on Max Boot 's ideologically tainted worldview . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
`` The law only protects communications pertinent to the receipt of legal advice , not everything in an attorney ’ s office . The privilege is held by the client , not the attorney . '' https : //t.co/i25In6AUUm
`` If believing that there ’ s no tape of Trump hiring Russian hookers to perform a perverted act in a Moscow hotel room hinges on believing Trump would never hire a hooker , then put on your raincoat and open the Purell . '' https : //t.co/8b9DXGzYr6
`` What steps would you take to prevent the Democratic establishment from losing control of its own party to a populist outsider ? Which policies would you recommend to keep it from being locked into ideological orthodoxies . '' https : //t.co/fI57YTtZCn
`` We were forgetting , Bloom argued , not merely the political ideas of the American Founding Fathers , but the very foundation of Western and Judeo-Christian civilization itself . '' Was he wrong ? https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
Would William F. Buckley have supported Trump ? https : //t.co/pACALOqABK
`` Illegal-alien advocacy groups take for granted that aliens with U.S.-born children represent a special case , since the U.S. government treats those children as U.S. citizens . But there is nothing special about their case . '' https : //t.co/zFXUMe2sdC
`` Can third-party websites be accountable for the crimes of users ? The government just took a dangerous step in that direction . '' https : //t.co/T01RZQUwPC
`` When I was a child growing up in the 1980s and '90s , the residue of that Southern heritage was still palpable '' in Northern Virginia . https : //t.co/t6chTRzvaX
The varied street designs of three classic , great cities : https : //t.co/MXtDAgu5vo https : //t.co/Os4djue6pH
`` Trump is heading into a 60-day period that will go far to determine the fate of his presidency and the future of the Middle East . '' https : //t.co/o86Hht6Ajq
`` Where are the thinkpieces in the New Yorker interrogating Muslim and Hasidic Jewish-owned businesses , asking whether they should be allowed to 'join ' the New York community ? They don ’ t exist . '' https : //t.co/AoV3IFbai8
`` Nisbet ’ s best line ever , and he meant it : 'A square block in Manhattan has more community than the entire city of Tucson . ' '' https : //t.co/kpR0L4UdWy
`` Boot has no respect for Authority , Tradition , and Prescription—not in this country , and not in those manifold countries he would have us invade . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90
A strike on Syria is `` is a perfect example of a military intervention that is being done for its own sake with no connection to any discernible interests or strategy . '' https : //t.co/vyoyzUrPNG
`` Is Hungary a sham democracy , as Orbán ’ s critics contend , or merely a country whose electoral outcomes offend the sensibilities of American liberals and EU technocrats ? '' https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv
RT @ ISI : A thoughtful criticism of an article we published last week by @ MichaelDavisCH in @ amconmag : https : //t.co/ZI1w5Ls9ky
`` It ’ s ironic that in the 25 years since the USSR went poof , and especially in the dozen-plus years since 9/11 , the American right has increasingly adopted the style of the old Soviet Union . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khbWYV
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
TAC Afternoon Edition from Bruce Fein : `` Those decrying the FBI ’ s raid of Donald Trump lawyer Michael Cohen ’ s office as yet another example of Special Counsel Robert Mueller ’ s legal zealotry are magnifying fleas into elephants . '' https : //t.co/i25In6AUUm https : //t.co/1m1YLSVmE8
`` Perhaps it ’ s time for Republicans to see this compact to elect the president by popular vote as an opportunity to broaden the appeal of a party with increasingly limited demographic support , rather than as a liberal plot . '' https : //t.co/vNxtMlK5o6
https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE https : //t.co/r2N4UEtNwj
RT @ DanielMKishi : Read @ WeMeantWell in @ amconmag on why privatizing the VA is a bad idea : https : //t.co/YlwsiNr5mB https : //t.co/VDaE54lhiw
`` At some point , there will emerge a Democrat—probably not out of the party itself—who will be a Trump-like figure , someone who will run against the stale pieties of his or her own party , and win the nomination . '' https : //t.co/fI57YTcodN
`` There may be a quantifiable component to placemaking ; we may in fact be predisposed to experience a sense of intimacy within certain measurable , urban dimensions . '' https : //t.co/MXtDAgu5vo https : //t.co/o9EPg5g3Fl
`` Is it not ironic that today our War Party , which , almost to a man , loathed Trump and rejected his candidacy , is goading and cheering him on , deeper and deeper into the Syrian quagmire ? '' https : //t.co/o86HhtobaY
We have become `` a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counter-terrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` The greatest traditionalists and libertarians of that age—Russell Kirk and Friedrich Hayek—protested vehemently against 'fusionism , ' insisting that their two schools were different species and could not intermarry . '' https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90 https : //t.co/XRxwW7nzia
What is our vital national interest in Syria again ? ... . https : //t.co/vyoyzUrPNG https : //t.co/SVeDteRvlQ
`` Christopher Hitchens once said that Dylan 'never sang so beautifully ' as during his Christian era . '' https : //t.co/Q2kR6CVE3q
`` The Orthodox liturgy is so beautiful , and its spirituality so rich and deep , that we often forget that we need to evangelize as well . '' https : //t.co/ydX6v1T270
`` Watching Chappaquiddick is the cinematic equivalent of swallowing a hot ember—and I mean that in the best of ways . This movie unspools painfully , mesmerizingly , like a slow burning sensation working its way through your gut . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO
Dreher : `` I ’ m old enough to remember a time when we didn ’ t have to wonder whether or not the Kremlin has a secret video of the President of the United States paying Russian hookers to urinate on a bed in his Moscow hotel room . '' https : //t.co/8b9DXGRzPG
You bet : @ nytdavidbrooks lists TAC 's @ gracyolmstead and alum @ michaelbd as `` Young , fresh writers bursting on the scene ... laying down comprehensive critiques of the way our society is organized . ''
https : //t.co/EFYfewEYOB
From the archives : Thoughts ? https : //t.co/vNxtMlK5o6
`` Because he is Speaker of House , Ryan 's usual abject cowardice is especially damaging at a time when the country needs Congressional leaders to reassert the legislative branch ’ s prerogatives against an overreaching executive . '' Larison : https : //t.co/MER607WtCz
`` It ’ s ironic that in the 25 years since the USSR went poof , and especially in the dozen-plus years since 9/11 , the American right has increasingly adopted the style of the old Soviet Union . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khtynv
`` By the late 20th century , much of the landscape of urban America had retreated from the goal of placemaking . Crime , suburbanization , and motor vehicles all worked to convince people that such an object was no longer desirable . '' This book shows why it is : https : //t.co/MXtDAgu5vo https : //t.co/3uwrpyrdGA
NEW : `` Why risk war with Russia in Syria , when , by our own inaction during this seven-year civil war , we have shown we have no vital interest there ? '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/o86Hht6Ajq https : //t.co/2QZPnt8ho8
This economics professor `` suspects that the inability of the centralized nation-state to handle the problems that beset any large and complex society is leading to a fresh appreciation of the role of local government . '' https : //t.co/pABD2J15bz
NEW @ MichaelDavisCH : Those who count freedom unstructured by order as their sole virtue will always yield calamity . https : //t.co/csCWFZvs90 https : //t.co/AW4ZzmoeSg
TGIF ! We put to bed an amazing 15th Anniversary issue thx 2 aTACkers @ ad_mastro @ DanielMKishi @ MattPurple Emile Doak , Bob Merry ... and our writers keeping Web going : @ briansaady @ DanielLarison @ TellyDavidson @ DanDePetris @ gracyolmstead @ Doug_Bandow @ johnehrett @ WeMeantWell & amp ; more ! https : //t.co/ixNN0vUBAb
NEW @ DanielLarison : There is no justification for a preemptive strike on Syria . Full stop . https : //t.co/vyoyzUrPNG https : //t.co/pVrTmppvMA
`` Michael Moore said that the election of Donald Trump would be the biggest 'screw you ' in modern American political history , but it was actually the worst breakup this side of 'The Bachelor . ' '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
`` Pompeo ’ s assertion of essentially limitless presidential power to start wars against other states shows a remarkable contempt for the Constitution . '' https : //t.co/kV8TErBdTM
`` I ’ m old enough to remember a time when we didn ’ t have to wonder whether or not the Kremlin has a secret video of the President of the United States paying Russian hookers to urinate on a bed in his Moscow hotel room . '' https : //t.co/8b9DXGzYr6
`` The skill with which America tuned its WWII firebombing into an exquisite way to destroy civilians reached its peak on March 10 , 1945 , when three hundred American B-29 bombers flew virtually unopposed over Tokyo ’ s most densely populated residential area . '' https : //t.co/GSnzLQbb3G
`` Nisbet ’ s best line ever , and he meant it : 'A square block in Manhattan has more community than the entire city of Tucson . ' '' https : //t.co/kpR0L4CCxY
Allan Bloom cited `` a professor who one day was reading political quotes to a group of his radical students . The students supported the quotes , Bloom tells us , until the professor informed them that their author was Mussolini himself . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` For all of the ceaseless clamor about Trump ’ s incipient authoritarianism , few of his domestic opponents care when he illegally uses military force overseas . '' https : //t.co/LhpYHxePzN
`` One can ’ t avoid mentioning Fox News when discussing Orwellian uses and abuses of language . The mock-heroic 'Fair , Balanced , and Unafraid ' and 'No-Spin Zone ' are splendid examples of Ministry of Truth doublethink . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khbWYV
`` Watching Chappaquiddick is the cinematic equivalent of swallowing a hot ember—and I mean that in the best of ways . This movie unspools painfully , mesmerizingly , like a slow burning sensation working its way through your gut . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
`` Islam , unlike Christianity , presupposes an Islamic state , and that it is uniquely resistant among major world religions to secularization . '' https : //t.co/hwP7nHtVgF
`` Even official Washington has begun to talk about how good decisions have to take into account local character and local assets . '' https : //t.co/pABD2J15bz
`` Curran juxtaposes shots of Kopechne ’ s pale body being pulled to the surface with Kennedy sitting down to brunch the next morning . On-the-nose ? Sure . Brutally effective ? Absolutely . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm
`` The Orthodox liturgy is so beautiful , and its spirituality so rich and deep , that we often forget that we need to evangelize as well . '' https : //t.co/ydX6v2aDvA
`` Pompeo ’ s assertion of essentially limitless presidential power to start wars against other states shows a remarkable contempt for the Constitution . '' https : //t.co/kV8TErjCvc
`` Michael Moore said that the election of Donald Trump would be the biggest 'screw you ' in modern American political history , but it was actually the worst breakup this side of 'The Bachelor . ' '' https : //t.co/cOATgWyPWC
No , attacking Syria wo n't make North Korea more eager to cooperate with us . https : //t.co/4lkIqgLpyS
https : //t.co/T01RZQUwPC https : //t.co/yDU0brNNS3
`` Because he is Speaker of House , his usual abject cowardice is especially damaging at a time when the country needs Congressional leaders to reassert the legislative branch ’ s prerogatives against an overreaching executive . '' https : //t.co/MER607WtCz
https : //t.co/wBtfWWljBm https : //t.co/UPaTtaWXMu
https : //t.co/dzG6YBNCmn https : //t.co/vPWNo0LsA7
`` President Trump ’ s rush to judgment on Syrian guilt is being done in a highly politicized environment , coming as it does on the heels of an FBI raid on the offices of the president ’ s personal attorney . '' https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
https : //t.co/XvNbTl4DXO https : //t.co/tSg4A3iGDW
https : //t.co/3ZHzulAsKV https : //t.co/LoNDQBtzCf
`` I lived for so long without having to worry overmuch about taking care of my body because youth is careless . Now I have a belly and a lousy back and a pain in my neck . '' https : //t.co/zxvYu11jMu
`` Christopher Hitchens once said that Dylan 'never sang so beautifully ' as during his Christian era . '' https : //t.co/Q2kR6Ddfs0
America has become `` a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counter-terrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
David Audretsch , an economics professor , `` suspects that the inability of the centralized nation-state to handle the problems that beset any large and complex society is leading to a fresh appreciation of the role of local government . '' https : //t.co/pABD2JiG37
`` Somehow , although Fox-type patriots deem the U.S. incapable of executing domestic postal duties without botching the job , Uncle Sam should be thought competent to superintend tortuous political , religious , and tribal complexities abroad . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khbWYV
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/pACALOqABK https : //t.co/sIqPw5Te6r
`` It may shock you to discover in detail the degree to which the 'science ' of transgenderism is driven not by science , but by cultural politics . '' https : //t.co/Rz3vBbjItF
`` Trafficking exists here in the United States , even if we don ’ t like to admit it . The most common victims are illegal immigrants . '' https : //t.co/T01RZQUwPC
`` Curran juxtaposes shots of Kopechne ’ s pale body being pulled to the surface with Kennedy sitting down to brunch the next morning . On-the-nose ? Sure . Brutally effective ? Absolutely . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO
`` Islam , unlike Christianity , presupposes an Islamic state , and that it is uniquely resistant among major world religions to secularization . '' https : //t.co/hwP7nHLw8d
The next president ? https : //t.co/XvNbTkN2ze https : //t.co/tyB5DUsl1V
`` Will Trump resist pressure to launch large-scale attacks to punish Syria for its apparent use of chemical weapons ? If so , it could be the moment when 'Let Trump be Trump ' finally occurs . '' https : //t.co/3ZHzulAsKV
How publishing broke : `` 'Prestige hires ' and 'marquee names ' could be used as props to show shareholders that Everything Is Fine ( 'Hey , if we weren ’ t doing well , how could we afford to attract these blingy names ? ' ) '' https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M
`` That morning — September 11 , 2002 — while she was out in the crowd at Ground Zero , something happened to the flag . It had torn down the middle , even though it was sealed under glass , and nobody had come into her home . '' https : //t.co/503Cmgeh3T
`` No amount of failure , no amount of death and destruction causes the least bit of introspection , reconsideration , or reflection—let alone remorse or contrition . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRszjS
A veteran writer offers up a vivid portrait of William F. Buckley and the early conservative movement : https : //t.co/pACALOqABK
`` The skill with which America tuned its WWII firebombing into an exquisite way to destroy civilians reached its peak on March 10 , 1945 , when three hundred American B-29 bombers flew virtually unopposed over Tokyo ’ s most densely populated residential area . '' https : //t.co/GSnzLQbb3G
`` There are two versions of what happened in Douma . '' We 'd better be certain ours is right . https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs
`` One can ’ t avoid mentioning Fox News when discussing Orwellian uses and abuses of language . The mock-heroic 'Fair , Balanced , and Unafraid ' and 'No-Spin Zone ' are splendid examples of Ministry of Truth doublethink . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khtynv
NEW @ DanielLarison : # Pompeo says the president has the power to initiate war in Syria under Article II . Uh , no : https : //t.co/DaigNJAEQO
# Mattis testifying today :
`` I believe there was a chemical attack . We 're looking for the actual evidence . '' It 's statements like this that make Scott Ritter 's piece for TAC Wednesday so important : https : //t.co/OppAzTEkzR
`` Bill Kristol , editor of 'The Weekly Standard , ' told me in November that not only did he like the idea of a Secretary of State Mike Pompeo , but that he should aim higher : 'Pompeo-Haley in 2020 ! ' '' https : //t.co/XvNbTl4DXO
The old bait and switch ... great piece by @ dan_grazier for TAC today https : //t.co/0T9D9jlWz2
`` Kennedy himself never becomes a caricature . Rather , in the context of his tortured relationship with his father Joe Kennedy , Sr. ( Bruce Dern ) , the younger Kennedy comes off as positively sympathetic . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO
`` It ’ s ironic that in the 25 years since the USSR went poof , and especially in the dozen-plus years since 9/11 , the American right has increasingly adopted the style of the old Soviet Union . '' https : //t.co/RdX3khtynv
Riyadh `` presses the U.S. to stay in Syria , threaten Iran , and protect its royal family as it revels in the abundant wealth it stole from the Saudi people . '' https : //t.co/3ZHzulS49v
`` Multiple websites are now erring on the side of self-censorship . That includes the news aggregation and discussion website Reddit , which has already shut down its online forums for discussions about prostitution . '' https : //t.co/T01RZQCVY4
`` Save your most vituperative vitriol for a media ecosystem that thinks being 'fair and balanced ' means having Richard Spencer at five o ’ clock and the Chapo boys at six o ’ clock . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M
`` Freeman signed on with Buckley ’ s conservative irregulars as his aide de camp—that and then much more , playing a key role in changing the political and ideological climate of the country . '' https : //t.co/pACALOIbti
`` In Ontario , where pro-trans legislation has been passing swiftly , the state has the right to seize children from families that do not support the child ’ s wish to live as transgendered . '' https : //t.co/Rz3vBb27C7
`` Is Hungary a sham democracy , as Orbán ’ s critics contend , or merely a country whose electoral outcomes offend the sensibilities of American liberals and EU technocrats ? '' https : //t.co/iufkRJvTfV
`` Nisbet ’ s best line ever , and he meant it : 'A square block in Manhattan has more community than the entire city of Tucson . ' '' https : //t.co/kpR0L4UdWy
Allan Bloom cited `` a professor who one day was reading political quotes to a group of his radical students . The students supported the quotes , Bloom tells us , until the professor informed them that their author was Mussolini himself . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` The aggregate ratio of oil-out-for-energy-in these days is 17 to 1 , and for shale oil it ’ s more like 5 to 1 . You can not run industrial civilizations at those ratios . '' https : //t.co/FJPf5DQfCm
The only thing worse than a military crisis is spending to relieve it : https : //t.co/dzG6YBNCmn
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : Should 3rd party websites be held criminally responsible for the crimes of their users ? @ briansaady takes on proposed se…
`` The film closes with the taunting reminder that Kennedy went on to a long career in public service , and was even dubbed 'the lion of the Senate . ' '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO
`` The moral credibility of Religious Conservatism , Inc. , has been demolished by Trumpism . '' https : //t.co/YRia450Jdb
The ambitious Republican faces Secretary of State confirmation hearings today . Is he already looking for the next job ?
https : //t.co/XvNbTl4DXO
`` Almost everywhere , the president has surrendered to the Blob . '' https : //t.co/3ZHzulS49v
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO https : //t.co/WZpIHe4VS5
The problem here is n't that no one can afford to buy a house . The problem is that the houses are n't worth enough to maintain : https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE
We warned against preemptive war in October 2002 . We have to do it again . https : //t.co/xYReLglu6n
TAC Afternoon Edition @ briansaady : `` Can third-party websites be accountable for the crimes of users ? The government just took a dangerous step in that direction . '' https : //t.co/T01RZQCVY4 https : //t.co/S0Fbzqsjzi
Even our good war was marked by callousness and brutality . What about our bad ones ? https : //t.co/GSnzLQsLVe
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/ciaAka2Fjw https : //t.co/JYxDacIlgL
`` Last year ’ s attack on Syria was small enough that the U.S. was able to 'get away ' with doing it without sparking a larger conflict , but we shouldn ’ t assume that is how things will work this time . '' https : //t.co/nwUgDUa8Gp
What a day for a birthday 🎉 ! Cake & amp ; candles to our ace assistant editor Addison Del Mastro @ ad_mastro moments after he put the finishing touches on our special 15th anniversary issue ! Stay tuned for that ... https : //t.co/GC9PQheKmh
`` One can only speculate how the Chappaquiddick incident might have played out in the era of # MeToo . Alas , we can never know . '' https : //t.co/wBtfWW3IJO https : //t.co/xYdYhWAqMP
`` As in the past , lawmakers are lamenting a looming military readiness crisis . Not surprisingly , the solution to the “ problem ” remains the same : increasing the Pentagon ’ s budget , pretty much without question or debate . '' https : //t.co/dzG6YBw1uP https : //t.co/mZZJjpZZPh
`` There are two versions of what happened in Douma . '' We 'd better be certain ours is right before we start a war . https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
`` Especially on Iran , the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies has become something of an in-house think tank for the Trump administration . '' https : //t.co/XvNbTkN2ze https : //t.co/HLG3pqfEUB
RT @ POGOBlog : `` A closer look at how Congress actually appropriated the funds reveals their true intention , which has little to do with read…
RT @ CurtMills : On the LONG GAME of Mike Pompeo ( should he survive this confirmation battle that starts today— very likely but not assured ) .…
`` The choice between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton has turned out to be no choice at all . A few of us harbored hopes that he at least might confront the Blob and begin to reorient U.S. foreign policy . But that was not to be . '' https : //t.co/3ZHzulAsKV https : //t.co/SAFvAkdhW7
`` The interventionist cabal has their answers ready , the way they did in Iraq , in Afghanistan , in Libya , the way they always do : 'Not to worry Mr. President . We have it all under control . ' '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRszjS
`` The 'Francis effect'—the idea that having a more liberal , personable pope has drawn the disaffected back to Catholicism—is anecdotal and driven by wishful thinking . '' https : //t.co/ydX6v2aDvA
A veteran writer offers up a vivid portrait of William F. Buckley and the early conservative movement : https : //t.co/pACALOqABK
`` The skill with which America tuned its WWII firebombing into an exquisite way to destroy civilians reached its peak on March 10 , 1945 , when three hundred American B-29 bombers flew virtually unopposed over Tokyo ’ s most densely populated residential area . '' https : //t.co/GSnzLQsLVe
It looks like we might need to post this again ... https : //t.co/xYReLglu6n
`` I wonder what would have become of young , small-town college and high school teachers like Joyce Carol Oates , Margaret Atwood , and Stephen King had they all been required to be already famous—or better yet , infamous—before they got the book deal . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2glbOtm
`` The moral credibility of Religious Conservatism , Inc. , has been demolished by Trumpism no matter what . '' https : //t.co/YRia450Jdb
NEW @ CurtMills on # Pompeo and @ SenTomCotton : `` No two politicians in America have been shrewder in recognizing the violently obvious : that post-2016 , movement conservatism of the purely Reaganite variety is dead and gone . And both men want to be president . '' https : //t.co/XvNbTl4DXO https : //t.co/ZIFPsLl3FN
RT @ KelleyBVlahos : As a super-fan of @ BillCorbett # Crow and # MST3K
@ RiffTrax this made my day , um , big time . https : //t.co/REOhYCssGe
RT @ dan_grazier : Military Readiness Sidelined For Ships the Navy Doesn ’ t Want | The American Conservative https : //t.co/g54upvl3eW via @ amco…
`` Look at what Our Friends The Saudis™ are doing to the defenseless civilians of Yemen . Does our president , the scourge of Gas Killing Animals , say boo about that ? No , he doesn ’ t . Something else is going on here . '' https : //t.co/503CmgvRVr
RT @ BillCorbett : A great follow for intelligent and moral foreign policy writing : @ DanielLarison of @ amconmag https : //t.co/QJN0pa86qd
Among our foreign policy elite `` no amount of failure , no amount of death and destruction causes the least bit of introspection , reconsideration , or reflection—let alone remorse or contrition . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRaXVi
As # Pompeo sits at the hearing table to today , @ CurtMills notes that operators like @ BillKristol have been playing up his presidential material around town . And @ JCZarate1 @ FFD : `` I love the man ''
https : //t.co/0WQUQnLg35 https : //t.co/UxdwCKDUto
Fabulous piece by the always thorough @ dan_grazier on the bait-n-switch pulled in the record-high defense budget : the hike 4 'readiness ' was n't much of a hike at all . It 's all about the shiny new toys : https : //t.co/ITy943jMPM
@ POGOBlog @ daniellebrian @ mostrolenk @ FabiusMaximus01 https : //t.co/hPlzENI27M
NEW @ Doug_Bandow As Trump surrenders to `` the blob , '' the choice between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton is turning out to be no choice at all . https : //t.co/3ZHzulAsKV https : //t.co/J1uxI4KCcK
America has become `` a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counter-terrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` There are two versions of what happened in Douma . '' If we 're going to attack , let 's be certain ours is correct . https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
Conservatism could use his thought today . Do you know who he is ? https : //t.co/kpR0L4CCxY
`` Congress should enact a statute requiring the retirement without pension of any general or admiral who materially misleads legislators or the public about prospective or ongoing wars with reckless disregard for the truth . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` 'When my wife was pregnant , a coworker asked if we knew what we were having . I told this friend , and we were all excited . Another coworker immediately started lecturing me in front of everyone about how this was grossly cis-heteronormative . ' '' https : //t.co/o94uyf0QEL
`` I wonder what would have become of young , small-town college and high school teachers like Joyce Carol Oates , Margaret Atwood , and Stephen King had they all been required to be already famous—or better yet , infamous—before they got the book deal . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2glbOtm
`` How is it that a collection of tiny shacks built nearly a century ago are worth so much more than the brand new development on the same acreage just up the street ? '' https : //t.co/sn1IsOCcMY
`` Efforts to offset boredom—through video games , television , sports , pornography , or drugs—could be fatal to community . ''
https : //t.co/kpR0L4UdWy
`` The chances for libertarian progress should be soberly considered outside of one ’ s love or antipathy for the president . '' https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY
`` President Trump ’ s rush to judgment on Syrian guilt is being done in a highly politicized environment , coming as it does on the heels of an FBI raid on the offices of the president ’ s personal attorney . '' https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
`` While the State Department needs a leader , it seems to me that the 'urgency of the moment ' would make senators even more reluctant to confirm an unqualified and dangerous nominee in haste . '' https : //t.co/1iVcuImHUH
`` Another difference with NR after Bill had left the scene involved an impulsive editorial decision in 2016 to declare the magazine 'Never Trump . ' Ultimately , it would waste political and ideological capital . '' https : //t.co/pACALOIbti
`` The shop building was sprayed with graffiti ; at least one window was broken ; the offending sign was carted off . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO
`` Remember how a number of non-interventionist types voted for Trump thinking that he would be less likely to entangle America in things like this ? I do . '' https : //t.co/EAUPRGXPD9
`` Save your most vituperative vitriol for a media ecosystem that thinks being 'fair and balanced ' means having Richard Spencer at five o ’ clock and the Chapo boys at six o ’ clock . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M
`` A U.S.-led attack on Syria would be one of the most egregious violations of the so-called international order in at least the last thirty years . '' Larison : https : //t.co/gtwneUlfng
https : //t.co/Jtak1NZIZa https : //t.co/CqPO3GxjJe
`` Is Hungary a sham democracy , as Orbán ’ s critics contend , or merely a country whose electoral outcomes offend the sensibilities of American liberals and EU technocrats ? '' https : //t.co/iufkRJvTfV
https : //t.co/FK6kxrUCGY https : //t.co/6uE9RF6cNj
https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M https : //t.co/Lc8YbzOV02
`` A Denver-based coffee chain put up a sign outside its shop that contained a bit of a boast . It read : 'Happily Gentrifying the Neighborhood Since 2014 . ' Bad move . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kbdRGm
https : //t.co/qNrmxRszjS https : //t.co/tULgb95yOh
Conservatism could use his thought today . Do you know who he is ? https : //t.co/kpR0L4CCxY https : //t.co/fvLWCgy6yW
https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU https : //t.co/MyEjd99yAc
Liberals called Allan Bloom a reactionary back in the 80s . What would they think if `` The Closing of the American Mind '' came out today ? https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
`` The rapid growth of technology and multinational corporate dominance combined with globalization form the basis of a vicious kind of cultural and economic arbitrage . '' https : //t.co/svBUhOHRIr
`` I was born in 1967 . A man who was 51 years old on the day I was born had already exceeded the average life expectancy for an American male born in 1916 by almost a year and a half . '' https : //t.co/zxvYu1iVb4
`` Describing Assad as a 'gas killing animal ' may be emotionally satisfying for Trump , but it makes further escalation more likely . '' https : //t.co/5H5vR5jcAe
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counter-terrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
NEW @ dan_grazier @ pogo @ StrausReform
If 'readiness ' funding is a matter of life or death , why are the shiny new toys , like the Littoral Combat Ship , getting all the extra billions in the # ominbus ? https : //t.co/ITy943jMPM https : //t.co/FMYoi6umwr
NEW @ johnehrett : 'Chappaquiddick ' is no white wash , leaves no mercy for Ted Kennedy https : //t.co/STbYhFt2Cd https : //t.co/L6Zz9okwid
`` I long ago passed into and perhaps beyond the Elvis Costello 'I used to be disgusted and now I try to be amused ' attitude toward politics , but I suppose I ’ ll be in love with political Americana till the day I die . '' https : //t.co/oAQM9FPRwN
NEW at TAC from @ CurtMills @ TheNatlInterest : First stop , secretary of state hearings , next , the White House ? # Pompeo is ambitious and well situated ... https : //t.co/0WQUQnLg35 https : //t.co/R2iEQiyrZ9
`` John Kelly can go to bed at night knowing that the turmoil in the West Wing is not because of him , but rather because of a boss who feeds off of it . '' https : //t.co/Jtak1OhknK
NEW @ Doug_Bandow : Trump surrenders to foreign policy blob , turns out he was n't so different than Hillary after all https : //t.co/1yH7xt7E7s https : //t.co/D53j2p2URw
`` I wonder what would have become of young , small-town college and high school teachers like Joyce Carol Oates , Margaret Atwood , and Stephen King had they all been required to be already famous—or better yet , infamous—before they got the book deal . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M
`` The U.S. has become so used to taking military action without fear of meaningful retaliation that I worry that no one in Washington is taking the possibility of retaliation seriously enough . '' https : //t.co/5H5vR5jcAe
`` Will Samson bring down the temple and with it all of us ? Or will wiser heads prevail ? '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRaXVi
RT @ MarkAmesExiled : Almost jarring to read a measured piece like this about Douma , free of neocon histrionics or facile conspiracy theories…
`` The United States and Russia appear to be heading toward a direct military confrontation . '' Need we say more ? https : //t.co/Xo3GUD7RkU
`` The moral credibility of Religious Conservatism , Inc. , has been demolished by Trumpism . '' https : //t.co/YRia45ik4J
`` On any other day , the announcement of House Speaker Paul Ryan that he intends to retire at the end of this term would be staggering news . '' https : //t.co/ciaAk9L3UW
`` No amount of failure , no amount of death and destruction causes the least bit of introspection , reconsideration , or reflection—let alone remorse or contrition . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRszjS
`` Save your most vituperative vitriol for a media ecosystem that thinks being 'fair and balanced ' means having Richard Spencer at five o ’ clock and the Chapo boys at six o ’ clock . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M
Among our foreign policy elite , `` No amount of failure , no amount of death and destruction causes the least bit of introspection , reconsideration , or reflection—let alone remorse or contrition . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRaXVi
`` Why we ever believed that anyone on this green earth could perform the role of presidential babysitter is a curiosity . '' https : //t.co/Jtak1OhknK
`` The gentrification phenomenon unfolding in many American cities shows no signs of abating . '' One of the latest examples : https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO
`` The cultural gap that exists between Middle East and American Christians today may be wider than the one between Greek and Latin Christians in the 15th century . '' That 's not good for Christianity . https : //t.co/VYauix2gXU
Remember when William F. Buckley ran for mayor of New York City with working-class support ? https : //t.co/pACALOqABK
The modern publishing and media landscape : `` Snooki and Kim Kardashian were getting lecture and book deals roughly equivalent to Maya Angelou ’ s and Toni Morrison ’ s . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2glbOtm
`` I left my friend ’ s apartment wondering if the tearing of the flag—assuming that there was symbolic meaning behind it—meant that there was a withdrawal of God ’ s favor on the US , and that 9/11 was the beginning of our end . '' https : //t.co/503CmgvRVr
`` Unlike her biblical predecessor , Nikki Haley didn ’ t trim the president ’ s coif , but she was a prominent Never Trumper right up to Election Day . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRszjS
`` The bottom line is that the United States is threatening to go to war in Syria over allegations of chemical weapons usage for which no factual evidence has been provided . '' https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs
`` As long as direct costs to the U.S. could be kept at a minimum and as long as people saw him as trying to end wars , Obama had no trouble being a war president for the entirety of his two terms . '' https : //t.co/FhUzMcAHNW
`` Look at what Our Friends The Saudis™ are doing to the defenseless civilians of Yemen . Does our president , the scourge of Gas Killing Animals , say boo about that ? No , he doesn ’ t . Something else is going on here . '' https : //t.co/503Cmgeh3T
`` The U.S. has become so used to taking military action without fear of meaningful retaliation that I worry that no one in Washington is taking the possibility of retaliation seriously enough . '' https : //t.co/5H5vR5jcAe
RT @ afneil : Coming from Scott Ritter , this is worth a read and ponder .
Trump ’ s Rush to Judgment on Syria Chemical Attack | The American Co…
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ DanDePetris : `` Kelly could conceivably hold Trump ’ s attention and get him to read the teleprompter without ad-libbing . That was the hope , at least . '' https : //t.co/Jtak1NZIZa https : //t.co/gOTIvVxrju
`` So , if you like the movie Avatar and think “ gender fluidity ” must be a new euphemism for menstruation , you are too polluted to join the environmental movement ? These people are industry ’ s dream . '' https : //t.co/HxxKh1xuBz
`` If and when everything boils down to identity politics , no matter whether you are on the Right or the Left , what happens ? '' https : //t.co/8IbcFqak29
`` The real scandal is n't Kevin Williamson 's firing , it 's the market that made him . '' https : //t.co/ppZ2glbOtm
Suburban , auto-dependent development does n't pay . Here 's why : https : //t.co/sn1IsOCcMY
`` The United States and Russia appear to be heading toward a direct military confrontation . '' Need we say more ? https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs https : //t.co/7owrkuv0vw
Ron Maxwell on Trump as Samson , blinded by ring of Delilahs , soon to bring the temple down around us https : //t.co/bUojIMD1vs https : //t.co/VMcIwsGPzu
`` Is divorce , and its attendant psychological carnage , any less of an issue now than in 1987 ? '' https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
`` Describing Assad as a 'gas killing animal ' may be emotionally satisfying for Trump , but it makes further escalation more likely . '' https : //t.co/5H5vR5jcAe
`` Imagine if the positions were reversed and Russia was the one threatening to attack an American ally that was in the midst of a civil war that included a Russian-backed insurgency . '' https : //t.co/nwUgDUrJxX
`` Remember , John Bolton is at the president ’ s side , advising him in this crisis . '' https : //t.co/EAUPRGXPD9
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` I was born in 1967 . A man who was 51 years old on the day I was born had already exceeded the average life expectancy for an American male born in 1916 by almost a year and a half . '' https : //t.co/zxvYu11jMu
`` Conservatives often bemoan the loss of borders , boundaries , limits , and a sense of scale and place . Surely the Internet , and its amplifying co-technology the smartphone , is one of the chief destroyers of these values . '' https : //t.co/ujqrJTrYxq
When Neal Freeman was offered a job at @ NRO , his father was `` less than positive about leaving 'one of the world ’ s great publishing houses ' for what he called 'an Irish Catholic rag . ' '' https : //t.co/FK6kxrUCGY https : //t.co/twEGokxgWh
NEW : @ TellyDavidson on Kevin Williamson and the broken publishing and media industry : https : //t.co/ppZ2gkUd4M https : //t.co/PN1Ym3L3hl
Cheerleaders for VA privatization might be motivated by more than just love for veterans . https : //t.co/UfbGUAQOfL
NEW Ron Maxwell : `` Samson is blind , only in this case his eyesight has not been taken by a lone Delilah . He ’ s been blinded by a coterie of White House advisors and West Wing ideologues who tell him one story over and over again . '' https : //t.co/qNrmxRaXVi
`` There are two versions of what happened in Douma . '' We 'd better be certain ours is right before we start a war . https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs https : //t.co/zvHg5Gt4yZ
`` I was born in 1967 . A man who was 51 years old on the day I was born had already exceeded the average life expectancy for an American male born in 1916 by almost a year and a half . '' https : //t.co/zxvYu1iVb4
RT @ MarkSeddon1962 : Scott Ritter was right over Iraq & amp ; WDM . Needs to be listened to now . Trump ’ s Rush to Judgment on Syria Chemical Attack…
Good ! Hope you stick around : ) https : //t.co/BNBJwGj6Np
`` The rapid growth of technology and multinational corporate dominance combined with globalization form the basis of a vicious kind of cultural and economic arbitrage . '' https : //t.co/svBUhOHRIr
`` Bloom was , by his own telling , not a conservative , even though many on the left accused him of being a reactionary . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` So , if you like the movie Avatar and think “ gender fluidity ” must be a new euphemism for menstruation , you are too polluted to join the environmental movement ? These people are industry ’ s dream . '' https : //t.co/HxxKh1xuBz
NEW : Before Bolton , Graham and Haley whip the president into war : Scott Ritter breaks down what we know , and what we do n't on the # Douma chemical attack https : //t.co/Xo3GUDpscs

@ GrecianFormula @ RandPaul @ TuckerCarlson @ CurtMills @ markperrydc @ MarkAmesExiled https : //t.co/tVrOClE8Ek
It is `` inescapable that our inveterate tech-boosterism leaves us , though in a less-than-straightforward fashion , with blood on our hands . '' https : //t.co/ujqrJTJzoY
`` As happened to many under Obamacare , vets would be caught in the gap between being able to have insurance and being able to afford health care . Choice can come at a price . '' https : //t.co/UfbGUAQOfL
Suburban , auto-dependent development does n't pay . Here 's why : https : //t.co/sn1IsOCcMY
`` A Denver-based coffee chain put up a sign outside its shop that contained a bit of a boast . It read : 'Happily Gentrifying the Neighborhood Since 2014 . ' Bad move . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO
`` Separating economic activity and technology from morality is a mistake . No man is an island , and no society is happy or healthy just because it has jobs and cleans up some corruption . '' https : //t.co/svBUhOZszZ
`` Is Hungary a sham democracy , as Orbán ’ s critics contend , or merely a country whose electoral outcomes offend the sensibilities of American liberals and EU technocrats ? '' https : //t.co/iufkRJvTfV
`` I believe a pluralistic order has to be flexible and accommodating of people ’ s right to be wrong . However , it doesn ’ t matter what I wish were true . What matters is what is true . '' https : //t.co/tcJCUvyssv
`` The only Democrat to serve as president in the second half of the 19th century , and arguably the last conservative Democratic president in U.S . history . '' Who was he ? https : //t.co/XSsfhzzfBO
`` The 84-year-old Feinstein is not part of the resistance ... .California ’ s left was aghast when she called for 'patience ' with the president . '' https : //t.co/N5tpbNTk75 https : //t.co/nNVCai5bvC
`` If the U.S. attacks the Syrian government again , it will once again be arrogating to itself the right to punish other states for alleged crimes committed inside their own territory . '' https : //t.co/VLa88VYE15
One more time : Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY https : //t.co/aitrMTYSsb
https : //t.co/svBUhOZszZ https : //t.co/a3hTgBgVq1
`` The cultural gap that exists between Middle East and American Christians today may be wider than the one between Greek and Latin Christians in the 15th century . '' That 's not good for Christianity . https : //t.co/VYauix2gXU
https : //t.co/HxS9fsEYq1 https : //t.co/aLcXxymwHi
https : //t.co/N5tpbOaVvF https : //t.co/hhBZeOR9iS
Too many elite urbanists think 'The Jetsons ' is a documentary . https : //t.co/FJPf5E7QtU
https : //t.co/UfbGUAzcRb https : //t.co/rdrhmoWkqx
`` A U.S.-led attack on Syria would be one of the most egregious violations of the so-called international order in at least the last thirty years . '' Larison : https : //t.co/gtwneUlfng
https : //t.co/OSp9kbdRGm https : //t.co/6e53IyKXqF
`` How should you regard flinging to doors open wide to Muslim migrants , who are bearers of an alien religion and culture ? The Pope gives no guidance , except to imply that you are a bad Christian for asking that question . '' https : //t.co/9IQWN5kS9P
`` For all of the ceaseless clamor about Trump ’ s incipient authoritarianism , few of his domestic opponents care when he illegally uses military force overseas . '' https : //t.co/LhpYHxePzN
NEW @ TellyDavidson -- Let 's face it , the same reason Kevin Williamson was hired @ TheAtlantic in the first place was the same reason Snooki was getting six figure book contracts . https : //t.co/NjjZjvOwvK https : //t.co/kEG4W1cxSf
`` What would an armistice look like ? Serious question . I ’ m open to this prospect , but I don ’ t see how we get there . '' https : //t.co/8IbcFqrUTH
`` The sole beneficiaries of the gas attacks in Salisbury and Syria appear to be the War Party . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/HxS9fsEYq1
`` Remember how a number of non-interventionist types voted for Trump thinking that he would be less likely to entangle America in things like this ? I do . '' https : //t.co/EAUPRGXPD9
Dreher : `` Here ’ s a peek inside the Left ’ s politics of purity : an essay in Yes ! magazine by a Native American environmentalist , chastising his own side ’ s allies for not being sufficiently woke . See if you can figure this out '' : https : //t.co/HxxKh1P5t7
`` The rapid growth of technology and multinational corporate dominance combined with globalization form the basis of a vicious kind of cultural and economic arbitrage . '' https : //t.co/svBUhOHRIr
NEW tonight : Scott Ritter on why we do n't know enough about # ChemicalAttack in # Douma to go to # war https : //t.co/OppAzTVVYr https : //t.co/ALfWen658g
`` Clearly the liberal order once had a place for Christianity , but it it worth considering whether that was because liberalism was in those days less true to itself than it is now . '' https : //t.co/tcJCUvQ3R5
`` The shop building was sprayed with graffiti ; at least one window was broken ; the offending sign was carted off . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO
`` Veterans ’ health care is big money and proponents of privatization want to pull as much of it as possible into the commercial sector . '' https : //t.co/UfbGUAzcRb
`` It is important to remember that Bloom was , by his own telling , not a conservative , even though many on the left accused him of being a reactionary . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
`` The chances for libertarian progress should be soberly considered outside of one ’ s love or antipathy for the president . '' https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY
`` Applying national narratives about gentrification , without understanding the realities of our regional real estate market , can lead people to the mistaken belief that new housing , or any change at all , is bad . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE
`` How is it that a collection of tiny shacks built nearly a century ago are worth so much more than the brand new development on the same acreage just up the street ? '' https : //t.co/sn1IsOCcMY https : //t.co/fG0iAibhN5
`` Too many conservatives make conservatism in America a doctrine rather than a practice grounded in the country ’ s unique political culture . '' https : //t.co/wKa17dOkHi
America , within living memory . Dreher : https : //t.co/XmO8joXkwt https : //t.co/8XCqVh24rT
`` The only Democrat to serve as president in the second half of the 19th century , and arguably the last conservative Democratic president in U.S . history . '' Do n't look - do you know he is ? https : //t.co/XSsfhzzfBO
`` On John Bolton ’ s first day as national security adviser , Trump is being pushed to embrace a policy of Cold War confrontation with Russia and a U.S. war with Syria . '' https : //t.co/HxS9fsEYq1
`` Denver ’ s booming economy and vaunted quality-of-life index have particularly attracted , it seems , people of the distinctive Millennial generation . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kbdRGm
`` 'When my wife was pregnant , a coworker asked if we knew what we were having . I told this friend , and we were all excited . Another coworker immediately started lecturing me in front of everyone about how this was grossly cis-heteronormative . ' '' https : //t.co/o94uyf0QEL
Is privatizing the VA the best option for veterans ? Not necessarily . https : //t.co/UfbGUAzcRb
`` Ben-Ami ’ s piece praises with faint damns . It doesn ’ t go nearly far enough in challenging the ethical and logical assumptions that form the secular humanist worldview . '' https : //t.co/svBUhOHRIr
`` I am in leftist social circles , and if my friends knew I was posting this on your site , I would be socially ostracized . '' https : //t.co/Oxy1vPoqgY
The notion of elitist and battle-shy British Redcoats is `` part of our national mythology that does not serve us well . By belittling the enemy , we diminish the magnitude of our American achievement . '' https : //t.co/N1ANbnknB4
`` Congress should enact a statute requiring the retirement without pension of any general or admiral who materially misleads legislators or the public about prospective or ongoing wars with reckless disregard for the truth . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIsdqM
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/DkkJBwxfCf https : //t.co/nxR3K7JjZ6
`` The American conservative project has always required more than just theoretical individualism and the magic of the marketplace . '' https : //t.co/wKa17dOkHi
Why does resource wealth destroy countries ? https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` Is Hungary a sham democracy , as Orbán ’ s critics contend , or merely a country whose electoral outcomes offend the sensibilities of American liberals and EU technocrats ? '' https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv
`` Trump on Sunday accused Barack Obama of being a weakling for failing to strike Syria after an earlier chemical attack . '' https : //t.co/HxS9fsEYq1
RT @ SohrabAhmari : At the @ amconmag today , @ roddreher has a long reflection on my piece suggesting that ever more orthodox Christians are li…
The senior senator from California may face another Democrat - not a Republican - in November re-election . https : //t.co/N5tpbNTk75
`` Contemporary Americans have been thoroughly catechized by a culture that teaches that the desiring individual is the center of our politics , and of all reality . '' https : //t.co/p0SmNuU84d
`` After some 23 years in Five Points , he now is in the process of closing his art studio . Davis explained that his property taxes have doubled just in two years , to $ 18,000 annually from $ 9,000 . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kbdRGm
Let 's not make the mistake of thinking the VA does *nothing* good for veterans . https : //t.co/UfbGUAQOfL
A modern , gentler inquisition ? https : //t.co/tcJCUvQ3R5
Civil , thoughtful debate still exists , if you know where to look for it : https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE
`` There are worrying signs on the horizon , and less than a generation after the fall of communism , it would be wrong to take the health of liberal democracy in Eastern Europe for granted . '' But it 's not all bad : https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv
Is the coastal geographic consolidation of the media resulting in poorer—or at least less balanced—reporting ? It could be . https : //t.co/5uzLvjteW4
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ paulrbrian : A response to Shlomo Ben Ami on the threats to democracy . `` Ben-Ami in effect takes the red-pill but only ingests a half dose . '' https : //t.co/svBUhOHRIr https : //t.co/DUPEvqkppS
`` The cultural gap that exists between Middle East and American Christians today may be wider than the one between Greek and Latin Christians in the 15th century . '' That 's not good for Christianity . https : //t.co/VYauix2gXU
`` For all of the ceaseless clamor about Trump ’ s incipient authoritarianism , few of his domestic opponents care when he illegally uses military force overseas . '' https : //t.co/LhpYHxePzN
Allan Bloom was n't a conservative . But he was right : https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy
`` The sole beneficiaries of the gas attacks in Salisbury and Syria appear to be the War Party . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/HxS9fsnnyt
`` Feinstein is a liberal : her base ’ s frustration stems more from her congenial tone than her going astray on policies . '' https : //t.co/N5tpbNTk75
Thoughts ? Memories ? https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31 https : //t.co/wYoE9lKWKp
`` A Denver-based coffee chain put up a sign outside its shop that contained a bit of a boast . It read : 'Happily Gentrifying the Neighborhood Since 2014 . ' Bad move . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO https : //t.co/3xqKfuPInB
The specialized needs of many veterans are part of the reason for the specialized veterans ’ health care system . Do n't throw that away for privatization . https : //t.co/UfbGUAzcRb https : //t.co/yTwWLUtsfp
`` Cities desperately need conservatives . These are places that have been abandoned to the left for decades . '' https : //t.co/xsOs8EMWIB
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' What does that say about our generals ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIsdqM
RT @ LouisCelli : The issue is money . According to one report , moving vets to private providers would double spending in the immediate term.…
`` How should you regard flinging to doors open wide to Muslim migrants , who are bearers of an alien religion and culture ? The Pope gives no guidance , except to imply that you are a bad Christian for asking that question . '' https : //t.co/9IQWN53gLf
`` Those lamps , baskets , Christmas elves , vases , and fake flowers ... .They are all made from a handful of very cheap , ubiquitous materials : cheap iron and stamped tin , glass , plastic , plaster , particle board . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX
From the archives : Persecuted churches of the East need dialogue with the West . https : //t.co/VYauixjSmu
`` A man from a relatively liberal , Jewish background , Bloom merely saw himself as a defender of what he called the 'theoretical life'—the authentic tradition of academics and philosophy . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
https : //t.co/WInZXk9GOW https : //t.co/HvHxiZvUNj
NEW Pat Buchanan : `` Now , either Trump launches an attack that could drag us deeper into a seven-year civil war from which he promised to extricate us last week , or Trump is mocked as being a man of bluster and bluff . '' https : //t.co/HxS9fsnnyt https : //t.co/Otw7TtPFmQ
NEW @ FredLucasWH : California Dems think Diane Feinstein is n't liberal enough . What do you think ? https : //t.co/N5tpbOaVvF https : //t.co/cZ87uheRCf
`` If the U.S. attacks the Syrian government again , it will once again be arrogating to itself the right to punish other states for alleged crimes committed inside their own territory . '' https : //t.co/VLa88WgeSD
NEW @ WeMeantWell : `` The VA has expertise in prosthetics , burns , polytrauma , and spinal injuries rare in civilian life . '' Complete privatization would create more choice - and less expertise . https : //t.co/UfbGUAQOfL https : //t.co/b7yiFvbzb6
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : Welcome to the Jungle
https : //t.co/9cV6iZNf5j
Di-Fi gets the heat from the left , Republicans may spend November in th…
NEW @ HRaleighspeaks : `` The shop building was sprayed with graffiti ; at least one window was broken ; the offending sign was carted off . The protesters demanded that the shop be shut down . '' https : //t.co/OSp9kaWgOO https : //t.co/Om4KiFuApm
RT @ WeMeantWell : Do you favor or oppose privatization of Veterans health care ? The new secretary nominee Ronny Jackson is walking right int…
RT @ FrankBlair71 : @ amconmag @ WeMeantWell @ PaulRieckhoff @ SkepticalVet @ Anthony_Hardie A well thought out article that highlights the concer…
`` For thousands of years , cities have been engines of wealth creation . In America , they are becoming that again . '' https : //t.co/xsOs8F4y7b
Beware the three-headed hydra of militarism , constitutional flaccidity and profligate domestic spending : https : //t.co/JuuJwjDres
`` The only Democrat to serve as president in the second half of the 19th century , and arguably the last conservative Democratic president in U.S . history . '' Who was he ? https : //t.co/XSsfhzzfBO
`` The chances for libertarian progress should be soberly considered outside of one ’ s love or antipathy for the president . '' https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY
`` It is important to remember that Bloom was , by his own telling , not a conservative , even though many on the left accused him of being a reactionary . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` For all of the ceaseless clamor about Trump ’ s incipient authoritarianism , few of his domestic opponents care when he illegally uses military force overseas . '' https : //t.co/LhpYHxePzN
`` When Pope Francis invites migrants to turn St. Peter ’ s Square into a permanent camp , then he will be true to his principles . '' https : //t.co/9IQWN53gLf
`` Is Hungary a sham democracy , as Orbán ’ s critics contend , or merely a country whose electoral outcomes offend the sensibilities of American liberals and EU technocrats ? '' https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv
One election slogan was `` With us , Hungary comes first . '' Sound familiar ? https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv
`` Military leaders deceive themselves about futile wars to avoid the embarrassment of explaining to Congress and the American people that astronomical sums have been wasted and tens of thousands of American soldiers have died or were crippled in vain . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIsdqM
Diane Feinstein not liberal enough ? https : //t.co/N5tpbOaVvF
`` Trump is going to approach the summit with the expectation that he is about to score a major triumph , and then when that doesn ’ t happen the hard-liners around him will exploit his disillusionment and frustration to agitate for an attack . '' https : //t.co/d40ExvlZvK
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' What does that say about our generals ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` Grover Cleveland was the only Democrat to serve as president in the second half of the 19th century , and he was arguably the last conservative Democratic president in U.S . history . '' https : //t.co/XSsfhzzfBO
https : //t.co/XSsfhzQQtm https : //t.co/RcXpsZK9Va
`` 'Women are being erased . Girls are being told that if they are uncomfortable with their female bodies , they are actually boys . ' '' https : //t.co/Oxy1vPoqgY
https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv https : //t.co/lIXzj4awF2
`` How should you regard flinging to doors open wide to Muslim migrants , who are bearers of an alien religion and culture ? The Pope gives no guidance , except to imply that you are a bad Christian for asking that question . '' https : //t.co/9IQWN53gLf
Another pro-choice feminist Democrat rendered politically homeless by the Democratic Party 's embrace of radical gender ideology : https : //t.co/Oxy1vPG1Fy
https : //t.co/eGy0YIsdqM https : //t.co/fjP8aQkYY0
`` If the U.S. attacks the Syrian government again , it will once again be arrogating to itself the right to punish other states for alleged crimes committed inside their own territory . '' https : //t.co/VLa88VYE15
https : //t.co/5uzLvjKPNC https : //t.co/2CRxLwPGS7
https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6 https : //t.co/GJNulg22mE
Beware the three-headed hydra of militarism , constitutional flaccidity and profligate domestic spending : https : //t.co/JuuJwjDres
As wealth gushes from the ground , thrift vanishes , the work ethic shrinks , and policy grows more erratic and extreme : https : //t.co/O7kW7qXlx6
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54 https : //t.co/kmr70L0WKi
Grover Cleveland 's foreign policy record `` remains an instructive example how a powerful republic might conduct its foreign policy without the constant recourse to military action . '' https : //t.co/XSsfhzQQtm
More than 1,400 were recently wounded in clashes between Palestinian protesters and the Israeli military . The media barely noticed . https : //t.co/BFvvWQrF0s
NEW Pat Buchanan : Hawks back @ realDonaldTrump into corner -- either launch war or be mocked for your bluff and bluster https : //t.co/nvm8rdfO6o
# Syria # McCain # Graham # Bolton https : //t.co/E33buAN1bf
Too many elite urbanists think this is a documentary : https : //t.co/FJPf5E7QtU https : //t.co/m28NCBdkCr
NEW @ HRaleighspeaks : The gentrification debate boils down to a Denver coffeeshop 's `` embarrassingly condescending ' sign and the fierce backlash that ensues https : //t.co/picARRlEKC
@ StrongTowns @ FDRLST https : //t.co/TGr6Z9B9LY
`` The summit could end up being a 'very exciting thing for the world , ' as Trump called it , but not because it is going to be a success . '' https : //t.co/d40ExvDAni
NEW @ WeMeantWell Van Buren : Does anyone think putting veterans in the dysfunctional private system we have now is going to make things better ? Shulkin did n't and he got canned . https : //t.co/LZOkytJUbS
@ PaulRieckhoff @ SkepticalVet @ Anthony_Hardie https : //t.co/akDHbHcllu
New from @ FredLucasWH tonight : Is # DianneFeinstein too tame for left-surging jungle primary ? https : //t.co/gSCkt8T6AR @ DailySignal @ LarrySabato
Our generals must know that our endless wars have become quagmires . Right ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` The chances for libertarian progress should be soberly considered outside of one ’ s love or antipathy for the president . '' https : //t.co/Im0iFwKaso
`` Sinclair has become a monolithic force in the local broadcasting world because of the collapse of independently owned local and midsize institutions . '' That 's worse than just a political problem . https : //t.co/5uzLvjKPNC
`` We were forgetting , Bloom argued , not merely the political ideas of the American Founding Fathers , but the very foundation of Western and Judeo-Christian civilization itself . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` 'Women are being erased . Girls are being told that if they are uncomfortable with their female bodies , they are actually boys . ' '' https : //t.co/Oxy1vPG1Fy
`` Black or white we ’ re increasingly a nation of suburban fantasists these days . '' https : //t.co/vc9ZvxMHE4
`` Grover Cleveland was the only Democrat to serve as president in the second half of the 19th century , and he was arguably the last conservative Democratic president in U.S . history . '' https : //t.co/XSsfhzzfBO
`` Cities desperately need conservatives . These are places that have been abandoned to the left for decades . '' https : //t.co/xsOs8EMWIB
Time to rethink a lot of our zoning laws . First we have to know what they are : https : //t.co/WDDQA0sWt8
`` America has been at war in Afghanistan for the entire adult life of any voter under 30 . '' https : //t.co/5XXcQYoQm9
The de facto head of our Syria policy : https : //t.co/08O5VJnV3A https : //t.co/vwhwOBvGtU
`` Upton Sinclair sermonized : 'It is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends on his not understanding it . ' Thus do military leaders deceive themselves about futile wars . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIsdqM
`` Hopefully Sinclair scrutiny will prompt us to ask deeper questions about the independence and fairness of multiple media outlets , not just the ones that suit our ideological proclivities . '' https : //t.co/5uzLvjKPNC
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/DkkJBwxfCf https : //t.co/hBqF2vnrNX
`` In short , Bloom said , the mob was becoming the absolute , and the stupid cliché 'be yourself ' a greater imperative than 'do the right thing . ' '' And he wrote 30 years ago . https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
`` In Budapest , 'Orbán vagy Turbán ' ( Orbán or Turbans ) is scrawled on a bridge across the Danube . '' https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv
`` The residential heart of the neighborhood is located about a ten-minute walk from where Firestone Tire and Rubber ’ s massive industrial complex and world headquarters once stood . '' Gentrification might help : https : //t.co/fy5CBR65Ee
Civil debate still exists . Start here : https : //t.co/pGfE5dskRc
`` There is a dynamism at the local level of American life that puts our national politics to shame . '' https : //t.co/6Mzsq5MkfE
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/9bSqPkKhdV https : //t.co/1h0SZhWYzQ
Is the swamp empty yet ? https : //t.co/9bSqPkKhdV https : //t.co/sKGXtitw0x
`` If the U.S. attacks the Syrian government again , it will once again be arrogating to itself the right to punish other states for alleged crimes committed inside their own territory . '' https : //t.co/VLa88VYE15
Another pro-choice feminist Democrat rendered politically homeless by the Democratic Party 's embrace of radical gender ideology : https : //t.co/Oxy1vPG1Fy
`` Steve Bannon , whose name inspires a kind of existential dread among American liberals , has called the Hungarian prime minister a hero . '' https : //t.co/iufkRJvTfV
`` Any fool can understand that continuing our 17-year-old war in Afghanistan is a fool ’ s errand . '' What does that say about our generals ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` For all these successes , we have been walking a knife ’ s edge in Syria ever since openly intervening there in 2014 . That knife ’ s edge has only gotten sharper over the past two months . '' https : //t.co/MzVeZuTrxz
`` Only one arena of consensus has appeared to remain amidst this vitriolic battle : most of us have continued to cite our confidence in local news media . '' Then Sinclair comes along . https : //t.co/5uzLvjKPNC
Some books get better with age . `` The Closing of the American Mind '' is one of them : https : //t.co/GwTI2irkC6
Farming `` had formerly been understood as a local enterprise meant to feed local inhabitants '' but is now `` increasingly viewed as a global enterprise meant to foster trade relations and massive corn and soybean sales overseas . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
Gentrification is a good thing in places like this , and it does n't mean putting people out of their homes : https : //t.co/fy5CBR65Ee https : //t.co/YeSqsnNaSg
`` Cities desperately need conservatives . These are places that have been abandoned to the left for decades . '' https : //t.co/xsOs8EMWIB
TAC Afternoon Edition : `` Is Hungary a sham democracy , as Orbán ’ s critics contend , or merely a country whose electoral outcomes offend the sensibilities of American liberals and EU technocrats ? '' https : //t.co/iufkRJNuEv https : //t.co/HRgCFcrgMe
`` About the only farmers I ’ ve ever known—a couple of cow-punching brothers from eastern Montana—now work city jobs in public relations and hospital administration . '' https : //t.co/vc9ZvxMHE4
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE https : //t.co/PNcj2YoKUl
`` Great respect is given to the memory of Jefferson—and at least a little to Adams . But no mention is ever made of that other Founding Father who died on the Fourth of July . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YvhHT
`` Military leaders deceive themselves about futile wars to avoid the embarrassment of explaining to Congress and the American people that astronomical sums have been wasted and tens of thousands of American soldiers have died or were crippled in vain . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIJOik
`` John McCain has responded to an alleged chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government by ... blaming the president of the United States . '' https : //t.co/OBi9FemtsH
With everything corporatized and everyone in their own bubbles , can the media still function as it needs to ? And what if it ca n't ?
https : //t.co/5uzLvjteW4 https : //t.co/8ASUvpVsVk
`` Mr. Buckley was right to invite Allan Bloom on 'Firing Line ' to discuss his hit book that day in 1987 . Thirty years later , we need such discussions more than ever . '' https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy https : //t.co/0IunIuSJPn
`` How do we face our imminent extinction with pride and strength ? How do we gain the confidence to behave as if our lives matter for more than what is empirically verifiable ? '' Dylan 's Christian records try to answer . https : //t.co/Q2kR6Ddfs0
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY https : //t.co/R5NHrWWXbF
`` Believing that this is not infanticide is extreme , but that ’ s a matter of opinion . Believing that this should be legal is extreme—and I can document that . '' https : //t.co/DkkJBwxfCf https : //t.co/37bX0FfndK
`` Preventive war is a flagrant violation of international law , so supporters of such illegal warfare need to dress it up as some form of self-defense to make it seem as if they aren ’ t agitating for aggression against another state . '' https : //t.co/d46trcaH99
`` Of course , black or white we ’ re increasingly a nation of suburban fantasists these days . '' https : //t.co/vc9ZvxMHE4
Another Democrat rendered homeless by the gender ideology crusaders in her party : https : //t.co/Oxy1vPG1Fy
Not too late for Dreher 's Easter thoughts : https : //t.co/U2u8I5UHcc
`` Most people respond to all of this with a shrug : welcome to America . Or they might suggest that environmental concerns are nothing more than northeasterners in sardine-can cities getting a little stir-crazy . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX
NEW Bruce Fein : `` To borrow from the British definition of an ambassador , United States military leaders are honest soldiers promoted in rank to champion war with reckless disregard for the truth . '' https : //t.co/eGy0YIsdqM https : //t.co/DnqRbPwA89
`` The hero , a person once distinguished by his noteworthy achievements , had been replaced with the celebrity , a person distinguished solely by his image . '' https : //t.co/ocSalMo7Y5
NEW from @ gracyolmstead : technological , ideological , economic , geographical - the media is changing in so many ways . Can it still function ? https : //t.co/5uzLvjteW4 https : //t.co/mLWmXe0amQ
NEW : Do you remember `` The Closing of the American Mind '' ? It 's as relevant as ever : https : //t.co/GwTI2i9JKy https : //t.co/VRs2fSRhSH
`` I find it all too plausible that she couldn ’ t handle ordinary office conflict , and played the card she knew she could play , given how gutless companies are now when a member of one of the Victim Classes claims oppression . Now a good man is out of work . '' https : //t.co/Gkyfn7XrbO
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE https : //t.co/fq79K1Fxrm
`` Michael Moore said that the election of Donald Trump would be the biggest 'screw you ' in modern American political history , but it was actually the worst breakup this side of 'The Bachelor . ' '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
These Christian intellectuals can teach us how to debate again : https : //t.co/pGfE5dskRc
Well , here 's one thing Trump is right about : https : //t.co/mjmGy3UrXo
`` Great respect is given to the memory of Jefferson—and at least a little to Adams . But no mention is ever made of that other Founding Father who died on the Fourth of July . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YMSzr
ICYMI : `` Every taxpayer is now responsible for approximately $ 161,000 of the debt , which just surpassed $ 21 trillion . And that number is only going up . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT
Top Pentagon leaders insist we can still win the war in Afghanistan . What if they had to say what they really think ? https : //t.co/eGy0YIsdqM
`` Applying national narratives about gentrification , without understanding the realities of our regional real estate market , can lead people to the mistaken belief that new housing , or any change at all , is bad . '' It might not be : https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Im0iFwKaso https : //t.co/DnjtytfGHr
`` John McCain has responded to an alleged chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government by ... blaming the president of the United States . '' https : //t.co/OBi9Fe4S47
`` If the 'use of snipers ' against unarmed protesters is 'carefully targeted , ' that makes the crime of shooting these people that much worse . '' https : //t.co/YSykINR5nA
No , please , let 's not *escalate* our involvement in Syria . https : //t.co/jVz49QNWks
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s https : //t.co/HDzJWL9TcG
`` We have to stop treating them as if every random utterance Trump makes counts as a commitment by the U.S. government to do something . '' https : //t.co/wRGwoUtVqm
Not too late for Dreher 's Easter thoughts : https : //t.co/U2u8I5D5NC https : //t.co/tmUJTkiGho
RT @ CathyYoung63 : This is a fascinating piece . https : //t.co/rQfHArvOjP
New from @ gracyolmstead : # Sinclair , # Trump and struggling media independence https : //t.co/aj9lrb07L2
@ matthewwalther https : //t.co/rA9OlKpBUR
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc https : //t.co/LxV6aGmW4c
NEW Bruce Fein : What if military leaders said what they REALLY think when it comes to 'winning ' in Afghanistan ? https : //t.co/YAAq3kFq4V https : //t.co/f6vHqaF2Rl
NEW Jack Howard Burke on why Bloom 's 'Closing of the American Mind ' is prescient as ever https : //t.co/c3rRJ4iZls @ czar_nicholas_ @ TuckerCarlson https : //t.co/wWAHU6l9LP
`` Michael Moore said that the election of Donald Trump would be the biggest 'screw you ' in modern American political history , but it was actually the worst breakup this side of 'The Bachelor . ' '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
Well , here 's one thing Trump is right about : https : //t.co/mjmGy3UrXo
These Christian intellectuals can teach us how to debate again : https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE
`` Preventive war is a flagrant violation of international law , so supporters of such illegal warfare need to dress it up as some form of self-defense to make it seem as if they aren ’ t agitating for aggression against another state . '' https : //t.co/d46trcsi0H
Swamp drainer ? https : //t.co/9bSqPl1S5t https : //t.co/8Cx4V33xup
`` On May 1 , 2003 , Defense Secretary Rumsfeld declared an end to major combat operations in Afghanistan . The war was over . Won . But of course it wasn ’ t . '' https : //t.co/mIGPvqVddu
`` This is the type of place that is routinely ignored by urbanists and pundits . It is a community that is already racially diverse , and where many residents may be poor , but are also employed , and also own their home . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE
`` I find it all too plausible that she couldn ’ t handle ordinary office conflict , and played the card she knew she could play , given how gutless companies are now when a member of one of the Victim Classes claims oppression . Now a good man is out of work . '' https : //t.co/Gkyfn7XrbO
`` Great respect is given to the memory of Jefferson—and at least a little to Adams . But no mention is ever made of that other Founding Father who died on the Fourth of July , primarily because he wasn ’ t a president . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YMSzr
`` We on the Right have not yet faced the “ cultural Marxism ” that has been thoroughly absorbed by our own political and religious institutions ( e.g. , the churches that celebrate capitalism uncritically ) . '' https : //t.co/p0SmNuU84d
`` What had formerly been understood as a local enterprise meant to feed local inhabitants was increasingly viewed as a global enterprise meant to foster trade relations and massive corn and soybean sales overseas . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
Gentrification here `` doesn ’ t look like hordes of bourgeois newcomers building million-dollar homes and displacing long-time residents . It looks like ordinary middle-class people incrementally drawn back to the neighborhood . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBR65Ee
`` If U.S. troops do remain in Syria , the probability is high that Trump , like Presidents Bush and Obama before him , will be ensnared indefinitely in the Forever War of the Middle East . '' https : //t.co/bxFHG8tpCS
`` The hero , a person once distinguished by his noteworthy achievements , had been replaced with the celebrity , a person distinguished solely by his image . '' https : //t.co/ocSalMo7Y5
The Cicero Trap is the idea that great statesmen are more important than strong institutions . Do n't fall for it . https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` We have ceased to believe in the Christian cultural framework , yet we have made it impossible to believe in any other that does what culture must do : restrain individual passions and channel them creatively toward communal purposes . '' https : //t.co/aLtX11GPdv
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` Every taxpayer is now responsible for approximately $ 161,000 of the debt , which just surpassed $ 21 trillion . And that number is only going up . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT
Homes are part of a neighborhood . They should n't be hidden behind barriers or present anti-social faces like these ones : https : //t.co/ga2JlExYRy
`` In all kinds of ways , it ’ s going to be up to the churches to pick up the messes late liberalism and its pomps and works makes in the lives of real people . '' https : //t.co/0w0MdrWM8n
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/wyVsliKCoU https : //t.co/7L5W5jvc0F
This philosopher remembers when Orange County had oranges . https : //t.co/xriCifu0mc
`` You want writers who never offend ? Then you ’ ll probably get writers who never take risks or challenge the status quo . If H.L . Mencken flew in today , they ’ d give him a pink slip . '' https : //t.co/wyVslit1xm
`` Contemporary Americans have been thoroughly catechized by a culture that teaches that the desiring individual is the center of our politics , and of all reality . '' https : //t.co/p0SmNvbIVL
`` Mises was an ardent classical liberal and no advocate of anyone ’ s subjugation . Yet faced with a choice between imperialism and liberalism together or national self-determination that might jeopardize international commerce , even Mises sided with empire . '' https : //t.co/AIIZjWNRjG
`` Democracy will not tolerate institutions of restraint , political or otherwise . Fisher Ames warned us well , if only we could recall his words . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YMSzr
`` There are the people who don ’ t go to church themselves but think religion is necessary for others . There are serial monogamists like Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich who express deep-felt concerns about the institution of marriage . '' https : //t.co/GSVmPN1Eod
`` His 16-year-old daughter came home from school one day informing him that people who believe in the 'gender binary ' are the equivalent of racists . '' https : //t.co/tIsyE7YYxM
`` Imagine : a university—an actual university ! —that has chosen to institute a system that encourages people to inform on each other . '' https : //t.co/9ZKBY8OEIE
The human mind might be hardwired to find this ugly : https : //t.co/hQt0cLP05A https : //t.co/gpvehHe0M2
`` Anti-statist conservatives forget that we left the state of nature in the first place because the souls of men , which are inherently depraved , need nurturing , and only institutions can provide that . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YvhHT
`` All the Ben Op calls for is for the church to be the church . Having been formed by the atomization of late liberalism , a lot of us don ’ t do it so well in the 21st century . '' https : //t.co/0w0MdsemZV
Homes are part of a neighborhood . They should n't be hidden behind barriers or present anti-social faces like these ones : https : //t.co/ga2JlExYRy
Gentrification here `` looks like a $ 40,000 house that gradually becomes an $ 80,000 house . In a city where the median household income is $ 35,000 , that $ 80,000 house is still affordable for the typical family . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE
`` We on the Right have not yet faced the “ cultural Marxism ” that has been thoroughly absorbed by our own political and religious institutions ( e.g. , the churches that celebrate capitalism uncritically ) . '' https : //t.co/p0SmNvbIVL
`` Soon the orange groves and bean fields disappeared , and Orange County became one vast undifferentiated conurbation . It was difficult to tell when you left one town and entered another . '' https : //t.co/xriCifLBdK
`` I believe that we Americans are far more racist and race-conscious than we were 25 or 30 years ago . '' https : //t.co/uRwLnpYvzb
Homes are part of a neighborhood . They should n't be hidden behind barriers or present anti-social faces like this . https : //t.co/ga2JlEPzJ6 https : //t.co/WBV8LFpw0u
Noise complaint ? That 's what happened in one gentrifying city . https : //t.co/GYdv15mcnl https : //t.co/mWPiPSmCHR
`` The left has acculturated people into thinking in terms of identity politics — a way of thinking that is strongly reinforced by the radical individualism of our liberal , capitalist society . '' https : //t.co/wI0lInwZd6
Williamson `` could have advocated for any war , and he wouldn ’ t have faced this revolt . Had he violated liberal taboos on race , he would have been on thin ice , but he might have survived . Abortion is what got him fired . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/wyVslit1xm
`` Anti-statist conservatives forget that we left the state of nature in the first place because the souls of men , which are inherently depraved , need nurturing , and only institutions can provide that . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YMSzr
`` Peterson ’ s respect for tradition and authority , however , is not limited to recognizing the Bible ’ s influence on the development of our society , or to defending the Western literary and philosophical canon . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
The human mind might be hardwired to find this ugly : https : //t.co/hQt0cM6AX8 https : //t.co/LrujZVRQli
`` Unlike the president , members of Congress gain nothing politically by launching quixotic or aggressive wars . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` You saw not high schoolers acting like adults but adults acting like high schoolers . Hogg calls the NRA 'child murderers ' because he ’ s an adolescent . What excuse do the rest of us have ? '' https : //t.co/7wBbrr7ODS
`` The pause in the farm bill process also gives us an opportunity to talk about what this bill does not usually do well : namely care for the nation ’ s small to midsize farmers and incentivize sustainable farming methodologies . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
Would gentrification really make this worse ? https : //t.co/fy5CBR65Ee
Trump 's advisers would rather inflate the ISIS threat than get out of Syria . https : //t.co/MzVeZvb2W9
`` Imagine : a university—an actual university ! —that has chosen to institute a system that encourages people to inform on each other . '' https : //t.co/9ZKBY96fAc
`` Bolton was hardly the only person to declare Iraq and Syria dead in recent years , but everyone that has said this keeps forgetting to check with the governments of those countries and the people that live in them . '' https : //t.co/08O5VJFvV8
`` I had come to love the sound of popping electrical wires and groaning metal , the stale smell of cigarettes in cabins formerly allotted to smokers , and the rhythm of the wheels on the rail joints . '' https : //t.co/MkTjIB8FaY
`` His 16-year-old daughter came home from school one day informing him that people who believe in the 'gender binary ' are the equivalent of racists . '' https : //t.co/tIsyE7YYxM
`` There are the people who don ’ t go to church themselves but think religion is necessary for others . There are serial monogamists like Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich who express deep-felt concerns about the institution of marriage . '' https : //t.co/GSVmPMK2ZD
`` Mises was an ardent classical liberal and no advocate of anyone ’ s subjugation . Yet faced with a choice between imperialism and liberalism together or national self-determination that might jeopardize international commerce , even Mises sided with empire . '' https : //t.co/AIIZjX5sbe
You might not care what these two Christian scholars have to say . But the way they conduct debate is a lesson for everyone : https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE
`` How is this possible ? How is it that a collection of tiny shacks built nearly a century ago are worth so much more than the brand new development on the same acreage just up the street ? '' https : //t.co/sn1IsOCcMY
`` America ’ s suburban experiment is a radical , government-led re-engineering of society , one that artificially inverted millennia of accumulated wisdom and practice in building human habitats '' . https : //t.co/xsOs8F4y7b
`` I ’ m telling you , this guy hates Donald Trump with the ferocity of a thousand million suns , and yet this is where the ideological fanaticism of his own party , for whom he works , has driven him . '' https : //t.co/o94uyfis3l
https : //t.co/MzVeZuTrxz https : //t.co/5VkAdiQa7b
`` Despite their inconsistent toggling between bromides of universal love one minute and vitriol the next , there have been moments when the Marjory Stoneman Douglas survivors have put their critics to shame . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s
https : //t.co/fy5CBR65Ee https : //t.co/E6zQv4GZHX
https : //t.co/bxFHG8tpCS https : //t.co/PZiMCHgl1W
Smart entrepreneurial business , or crony capitalism ? https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW
https : //t.co/9bSqPkKhdV https : //t.co/S8ECqJXHuP
https : //t.co/BFvvWQa48U https : //t.co/kpGNFX7xRy
`` There is only one school that consistently defends the classical model of fiscal and monetary responsibility as established by Adam Smith in 'The Wealth of Nations . ' And that is the school of austerity . '' https : //t.co/ZFcrjSms4o
`` Fisher Ames personified two of conservatism ’ s most indelible tenets : life is fragile and all is vanity . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YvhHT
Sparkling-new auto-centric retail strips are worth less decades-old urban retail . Here 's why : https : //t.co/sn1IsOCcMY
`` It is very hard for ordinary people to figure out how to resist this stuff , because it exploits what people already believe about individualism , identity , and the sanctity of personal choice . '' https : //t.co/wI0lInwZd6
`` Most pro-lifers would find Williamson ’ s remark beyond the pale . But you do not see pro-lifers , or any other conservatives , coalescing to fire writers . '' https : //t.co/wyVslit1xm
It 's easy to save America 's small towns . We just have to live in them : https : //t.co/9D1775qu2n
`` The device of speaking directly , in the heat of an emotional moment , to an unidentified recipient brilliantly humanizes Dylan ’ s religion . '' https : //t.co/Q2kR6Ddfs0
Trump says we 'll leave Syria when ISIS is vanquished . His advisers say it will never be vanquished : https : //t.co/MzVeZuTrxz
`` Many residents may be poor , but are also employed , and also own their home . This is the type of place where the binary , coastal gentrification narrative of rich versus poor , or white versus black , simply does not apply . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE
`` You ’ d have to be a total idiot to be on the Right and accept a job at @ TheAtlantic now . '' https : //t.co/wyVsliKCoU
Swamp-drainer or swamp-dweller ? https : //t.co/9bSqPl1S5t https : //t.co/wXW0hspCHU
`` After the Gaza disengagement , Israel unilaterally redefined Gaza as enemy territory , where the rules of war , rather than the obligations of occupation , apply . '' https : //t.co/BFvvWQa48U
`` Williamson sees an America and world permanently cemented in Trump ’ s moment , in which nothing good for libertarians is happening or can ever happen . '' But politics never stays put . https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY
`` With airfields brimming with F-15s , Tornadoes , and Eurofighter Typhoons , the Saudis are continually on the prowl for new countries to attack—provided , that is , that their targets are too weak to strike back . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` Ailes was so successful in appealing to his famed '55 to Dead ' demographic was because the Big Four networks ( including Fox TV ) and major cable were systematically , purposefully dumping that audience . '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
It 's out of the news for now , but still worth thinking about : https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
The human mind might be hardwired to like traditional architecture . https : //t.co/hQt0cM6AX8
`` Some regimes regard the U.S. as an “ existential threat ” and therefore view all U.S. actions with at least much suspicion and fear as our government views theirs . '' https : //t.co/trccKolBIH
`` To say that government isn ’ t the answer to our nation ’ s problems is to presuppose the wrong incentive for erecting government in the first place . Fisher Ames would know that . And that ’ s why he ’ s relevant . '' https : //t.co/wvmk5YMSzr
Gentrification in places like this `` doesn ’ t look like hordes of bourgeois newcomers building million-dollar homes and displacing long-time residents . It looks like ordinary middle-class people incrementally drawn back to the neighborhood . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBR65Ee
`` The scale of the violence , not seen since the war between Israel and Gaza in 2014 , even muscled its way into the Pope ’ s Easter address . '' https : //t.co/BFvvWQrF0s
`` Only one school of economic thought , that of Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises , predicted and prescribed austerity before the Great Recession . '' https : //t.co/ZFcrjSms4o
`` One has to wonder about the gullibility of the average , self-identified conservative who happily accepts that the president is fumigating Washington by embracing Bolton . '' https : //t.co/9bSqPkKhdV
Trump 's team is inflating the ISIS threat , worried he 'll rush away from war . https : //t.co/MzVeZvb2W9
`` America ’ s suburban experiment is a radical , government-led re-engineering of society , one that artificially inverted millennia of accumulated wisdom and practice in building human habitats . '' https : //t.co/xsOs8F4y7b
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Q2kR6CVE3q https : //t.co/1DkI7VwRCm
Whether or not to rip up an imperfect but successful non-proliferation agreement is Trump 's biggest decision : https : //t.co/8TVfnnwYmg
`` If you and your children are part of a community that accepts this ideology , then your children will have their imaginations and consciences formed by it , whether you like it or not . '' https : //t.co/tIsyE7Hn9c
`` I read and enjoyed Russell Kirk , realized early on that Ayn Rand was impenetrable , and discovered that John Randolph of Roanoke can exert a creepy allure . '' https : //t.co/GSVmPMK2ZD
Trump is n't wrong : The Post Office is bankrupt and Amazon is making it worse . https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW
`` The left has acculturated people into thinking in terms of identity politics—a way of thinking that is strongly reinforced by the radical individualism of our liberal , capitalist society . '' https : //t.co/wI0lInfoly
`` If U.S. troops do remain in Syria , the probability is high that Trump , like Presidents Bush and Obama before him , will be ensnared indefinitely in the Forever War of the Middle East . '' https : //t.co/bxFHG8L11s
`` How has our great rival China suffered from not having fought in any of these wars ? '' https : //t.co/bxFHG8L11s
`` As cultural Marxism moved from triumph to triumph , economic Marxism failed . Consumer capitalism was popular , and growing ever more so . '' https : //t.co/p0SmNvbIVL
`` Bolton does not embrace the mission of imposing American-style democracy on the entire planet and that he ’ s more of an unvarnished warmonger than a neoconservative ideologue . '' https : //t.co/9bSqPl1S5t
More than 1,400 have been wounded in clashes between Palestinian protesters and the Israeli military . Why has the media barely noticed ?
https : //t.co/BFvvWQa48U
`` The girl was not stable in her gender identity . Some days she was female ; other days she was male . But there was no telling which she was on any given day . '' https : //t.co/tIsyE7Hn9c
The Atlantic 's shortest-lived writer is n't quite right on the `` libertarian moment '' : https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY
`` As Spanish armies rampaged across much of Europe in the name of the Counter-Reformation , the result was a form of Catholic Wahhabism so dark and unforgiving that even the pope was taken aback . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
RT @ StrongTowns : `` New investment and residential redevelopment is not the enemy of these communities . It is their best friend . '' https : //t.c…
TAC Afternoon Edition : `` Should ISIS or another Salafist successor build any real base of power again in the Levant we can rapidly deploy combat power to destroy it . But staying there any longer remains a fool ’ s errand . '' https : //t.co/MzVeZvb2W9 https : //t.co/9Ogfg1jqWo
`` Another aspect of the drone attacks that is perhaps just as alarming as the raw numbers of innocent people they slaughter : U.S. unmanned aircraft had killed dozens of civilians who had rushed to help other victims . '' https : //t.co/m3OJkdKwgg
`` 'One wrong does not justify another . But it can explain the existence of another . ' '' https : //t.co/kl6HHum7eP
Williamson `` could have advocated for any war , and he wouldn ’ t have faced this revolt . Had he violated liberal taboos on race , he would have been on thin ice , but he might have survived . Abortion is what got him fired . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/wyVsliKCoU
Gentrification here `` doesn ’ t look like hordes of bourgeois newcomers building million-dollar homes and displacing long-time residents . It looks like ordinary middle-class people incrementally drawn back to the neighborhood . '' https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE https : //t.co/BiJJWtKTsD
`` Trump is unwilling to spill more American blood to overturn the outcome of a war that Syria , Iran , and Russia have already won . '' Should he ? https : //t.co/bxFHG8L11s https : //t.co/KGH6pjKn6t
`` While the focus of 'Directorate S ' is on Pakistan and its shady intelligence services , each of the obstacles that confronted the United States in Afghanistan from the moment the Taliban abandoned Kabul is embraced in detail . '' https : //t.co/mIGPvrcOC4
`` I was disturbed when I was told to send donations to a candidate who is a devotee of John Bolton and who promises to help him drain the swamp . I believed perhaps naively that the two activities are incompatible . '' https : //t.co/9bSqPkKhdV
Tired of Israel-Palestine ? `` The international community is exhausted and bored with the conflict . Even when the Trump White House has an idea—the latest being a conference on humanitarian aid for Gaza—it has no enthusiasm for its success . '' https : //t.co/BFvvWQa48U https : //t.co/QcHvnrVwao
`` Someone—I think the Muslim thinker Shadi Hamid , but I might be mistaken—said that we are headed to a condition in which we can have either liberalism or democracy , but not both . '' https : //t.co/wI0lInwZd6
https : //t.co/cOATgWyPWC https : //t.co/CjmhHMFhuq
The Atlantic 's shortest-lived writer got his first and only column a bit wrong : https : //t.co/Im0iFwKaso
Smart entrepreneurial business , or crony capitalism ? https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW
`` The use of drones , the fury and collateral damage they cause in foreign lands , further entrenches America in conflict with the Muslim world . '' https : //t.co/m3OJkdKwgg
`` Despite their inconsistent toggling between bromides of universal love one minute and vitriol the next , there have been moments when the Marjory Stoneman Douglas survivors have put their critics to shame . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrr7ODS
`` You ’ d have to be a total idiot to be on the Right and accept a job at @ TheAtlantic now . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/wyVsliKCoU
Would gentrification really make this worse ? https : //t.co/fy5CBQOufE https : //t.co/rbUm8ChxDF
`` Trump is being denounced as an isolationist . But what gains have we reaped from 17 years of Middle East wars to justify all the bloodshed and the treasure lost ? And how has our great rival China suffered from not having fought in any of these wars ? '' https : //t.co/bxFHG8L11s https : //t.co/zYUBgJyDIp
RT @ nickgillespie : Today 's must-read comes from @ jackhunter74 and is abt the persistence of the `` libertarian moment '' apart from partisan po…
`` Registrations for conferences now *require* nametags with preferred pronouns . A friend of mine was ejected from a conference for accidentally misgendering someone . '' https : //t.co/o94uyfis3l
NEW Paul Gottfried : In the addled mind of Conservative Inc. , `` Bolton is not considered part of that swamp ; in fact , we can apparently drain that pestiferous pond if only we give him free rein as Trump ’ s national security adviser . '' https : //t.co/9bSqPkKhdV https : //t.co/Wflk5Cqaow
NEW Geoffrey Aronson : More than 1,400 have been wounded in clashes between Palestinian protesters and the Israeli military . The media has barely noticed . https : //t.co/BFvvWQa48U https : //t.co/OWRGSepqfs
Trump is right . The Post Office is bankrupt and Amazon is making it worse . https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW
`` There is no low to which the GOP will not stoop as it continues to insult the intelligence of its voter base . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJDSJt
`` The thing is , the girl was not stable in her gender identity . Some days she was female ; other days she was male . But there was no telling which she was on any given day . '' https : //t.co/tIsyE7Hn9c
NEW Jason Segedy @ thestile1972 In # RustBelt places like # Akron we need to move beyond the gentrification debate and ask about serious investment https : //t.co/t2PFtC4Hd3
@ StrongTowns @ NewUrbanism https : //t.co/3iurKH9c7k
`` I ’ m telling you , this guy hates Donald Trump with the ferocity of a thousand million suns , and yet this is where the ideological fanaticism of his own party , for whom he works , has driven him . '' https : //t.co/o94uyf0QEL
`` America ’ s suburban experiment is a radical , government-led re-engineering of society , one that artificially inverted millennia of accumulated wisdom and practice in building human habitats . '' https : //t.co/xsOs8EMWIB
`` Conservatism has weakened because it failed to recognize what history teaches , that the political culture in nations with imperial ambitions is never constitutionally conservative . '' https : //t.co/JuuJwjV2D2
You might not care what these two Christian scholars have to say . But the way they conduct debate is a lesson for everyone : https : //t.co/pGfE5dskRc
`` The regulation of a church ’ s auditory emanations may be the strongest test case of the struggle for a city ’ s soul between the returning , buffered moderns and indigenous urban church-goers . '' https : //t.co/GYdv154BvN
NEW Paul Gottfried : With Bolton appointment we got a new Trumpism -- `` Gaining the Swamp ''
https : //t.co/31JzlEd2ib https : //t.co/kVY8In2Waf
`` The most popular libertarian movement in American politics is one that Williamson has largely rejected from the beginning . Now , under Trump , he ’ s erecting a headstone for libertarianism itself . '' https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY
`` Trains offer the opportunity to people-watch . There are typically two sorts of people on a train—professionals and vacationers—and both are fruitful sources for the imagination . '' https : //t.co/MkTjIB8FaY
Peterson refuses to be identified as a conservative , saying that `` some of his beliefs lean left , while others place him closer to the right . With all due respect , his self-assessment is not very persuasive . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
`` What Saudi dares question whether God wants the Kingdom to use its oil wealth to spread its own brand of religious militancy ? '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` Michael Moore said that the election of Donald Trump would be the biggest 'screw you ' in modern American political history , but it was actually the worst breakup this side of The Bachelor . '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
`` With even Twitter ’ s expanded character limit favoring putdowns over argumentation , 'stop bullying children , you fatass ! ' has become a far more popular line of attack than any actual point about gun policy . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s
Dreher reader and disillusioned Democrat : `` Registrations for conferences now *require* nametags with preferred pronouns . A friend of mine was ejected from a conference for accidentally misgendering someone . '' https : //t.co/o94uyfis3l
ICYMI Bob Merry : `` What civilization has ever sought to repudiate its own culture and traditions as we do today ? '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PC6O7J
Church bells and Gospel choirs shut down under noise complaints ? That 's gentrification : https : //t.co/GYdv154BvN
https : //t.co/Im0iFwKaso https : //t.co/NMoWzirbfQ
https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE https : //t.co/uOPVDiQRUp
https : //t.co/mjmGy3UrXo https : //t.co/WVKWvqoUXS
`` Every taxpayer is now responsible for approximately $ 161,000 of the debt , which just surpassed $ 21 trillion . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT
https : //t.co/mIGPvrcOC4 https : //t.co/wbTzeJlnQI
https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE https : //t.co/oTsVv4ECfy
`` In a way , we ’ re lucky here in the Deep South . A Texas friend of mine said to me yesterday that whatever problems we deal with in this part of the country , 'At least people here know that a boy is a boy and a girl is a girl . ' '' https : //t.co/0BuHgcomtT
`` The hero , a person once distinguished by his noteworthy achievements , had been replaced with the celebrity , a person distinguished solely by his image . '' https : //t.co/ocSalMFIPD
If you do n't like the welfare state , stop feeding the bloated warfare state : https : //t.co/JuuJwjV2D2
`` Bolton uses the Iraq war dead-ender myth that the only real mistake the U.S. made was withdrawing to support his hare-brained scheme to carve up two countries against the wishes of their people . '' https : //t.co/08O5VJFvV8
`` Our government ’ s frequent inability to understand how an adversary thinks and what an adversary wants is usually bound up with our government ’ s overestimation of its own power and a denial of the other state ’ s agency . '' https : //t.co/trccKolBIH
`` It is impossible to understate how radical this is . These people are denying that boys and girls exist . These people are mad—and their kind of madness is a social contagion . '' https : //t.co/tIsyE7YYxM
Do n't like tyranny at home ? Be careful about war abroad . https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` You ought to be ashamed , University of Chicago . What in the hell has happened to your standards ? '' https : //t.co/kl6HHum7eP
The Atlantic 's shortest-lived writer got his first and only column a bit wrong : https : //t.co/Im0iFx1LQY
Bad for the Post Office - but good for Amazon . Is that good ? https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW
`` I had to pick my jaw up off the ground when I saw this comment from a reader I know personally , and who is a political professional working with the Democratic Party . '' https : //t.co/o94uyf0QEL
`` 'Directorate S ' stands alone as a comprehensive exposition of the Afghanistan conflict dating from 9/11 . '' https : //t.co/mIGPvrcOC4
`` These men may dislike one another , but their appreciation for the rules of debate and their demand for respect and charity set the terms for proper and improper etiquette . '' https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE
`` I read and enjoyed Russell Kirk , realized early on that Ayn Rand was impenetrable , and discovered that John Randolph of Roanoke can exert a creepy allure . '' https : //t.co/GSVmPMK2ZD
`` 'We don ’ t know what the intentions of the person were . But it does not matter . The receiver has decided that a 'gendered-raced microagression ' has occurred , therefore a gendered-race microagression has occurred . ' '' https : //t.co/9ZKBY96fAc
`` The country is reduced to a personal fief . The resource curse fuels autocracy in other ways also—by undermining the economy , hampering social development , and promoting religious extremism . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
Northern Virginia was n't always a suburbanized placeless place : https : //t.co/t6chTRhTMn https : //t.co/iJ46ipaohy
`` As much as I love trains , I am skeptical about the recent push to invest in rail in America . We ’ ve come too far with cars , it seems to me , and it ’ s too late to go back . '' https : //t.co/MkTjIB8FaY
`` Americans had confused the copy for the original , and even more tragically , the copy was actually preferred to the original . '' https : //t.co/ocSalMo7Y5
`` There is no end to the madness , to the unraveling of the human person , if an individual ’ s desires are the ultimate measure of reality . '' https : //t.co/0BuHgc6LCl
`` Citizens should be especially leery of special arrangements that tilt the playing field in favor of a massive corporate leviathan that has been squeezing out market competition on every level imaginable . '' https : //t.co/mjmGy3UrXo
RT @ plough_shares : ICYMI This American Conservative article on the # NuclearPostureReview is a great read . Are new `` low-yield '' nukes Trump's…
How Afghanistan went south : https : //t.co/mIGPvqVddu
`` How is this possible ? How is it that a collection of tiny shacks built nearly a century ago are worth so much more than the brand new development on the same acreage just up the street ? '' https : //t.co/sn1IsOkBVq
These Christian intellectuals are real debaters : `` They don ’ t create an unfair , vilifying caricature of their opponent , or seek to physically remove him from his place at the table . '' https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE
Actually , the `` libertarian moment '' might not be dead yet : https : //t.co/Im0iFwKaso
`` His 16-year-old daughter came home from school one day informing him that people who believe in the 'gender binary ' are the equivalent of racists . '' https : //t.co/tIsyE7Hn9c
https : //t.co/jN6mfJSpAm https : //t.co/zUx4626SEq
`` If we know one thing about French monarchs in Europe , it ’ s that they ’ ve tended to overestimate their support among the common man . It ’ s always important to make sure you don ’ t…lose your head over your ideals . '' https : //t.co/HbyMzM9Fnl
`` As Wendell Berry put it in Orion Magazine , 'We can no longer pretend that agriculture is a sort of economic machine with interchangeable parts , the same everywhere . ' '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
`` I had come to love the sound of popping electrical wires and groaning metal , the stale smell of cigarettes in cabins formerly allotted to smokers , and the rhythm of the wheels on the rail joints . '' https : //t.co/MkTjIAR3Mo
`` Bolton was hardly the only person to declare Iraq and Syria dead in recent years , but everyone that has said this keeps forgetting to check with the governments of those countries and the people that live in them . '' https : //t.co/08O5VJFvV8
`` Imagine : a university—an actual university ! —that has chosen to institute a system that encourages people to inform on each other . '' https : //t.co/9ZKBY8OEIE
`` Most American politicians and policymakers routinely misjudge the intentions and goals of our adversaries , and they often invent a fantasy version of the regime in question that leads them astray again and again . '' https : //t.co/trccKolBIH
`` If Amazon wants to test out a new delivery service concept , they can rely on special Postal Service agreements to get unrivaled access to thousands of households . '' https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW
`` Three quarters of the federal budget is devoted to autopilot spending on programs like Social Security and Medicare , over which Congress has little control . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT
`` The value in Coll ’ s 'Directorate S ' comes not from the elegant telling of a story not fully known , but from the dawning realization that Afghanistan is the kind of lock for which there is no key . '' https : //t.co/mIGPvqVddu
`` Condescension is still a far cry from being labeled a fascist , a racist , a homophobe , or Hitler . '' https : //t.co/pGfE5daJZE
`` Mises was an ardent classical liberal and no advocate of anyone ’ s subjugation . Yet faced with a choice between imperialism and liberalism together or national self-determination that might jeopardize international commerce , even Mises sided with empire . '' https : //t.co/AIIZjX5sbe
`` I believe that we Americans are far more racist and race-conscious than we were 25 or 30 years ago . '' https : //t.co/uRwLnpYvzb
The Cicero Trap is the idea that great statesmen are more important than strong institutions . Do n't fall for it . https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ jackhunter74 : `` Williamson sees an America and world permanently cemented in Trump ’ s moment , in which nothing good for libertarians is happening or can ever happen . '' He 's wrong : https : //t.co/Im0iFwKaso https : //t.co/TTUe4d6Uud
`` He was obviously an American deeply in love with America , and not—or not only—the abstract America of universal principles that seemingly enamored so many of his fellow Straussians . '' https : //t.co/HHLHRPP5Zc
Ignored by TV culture for over 20 years , the return of the repressed was inevitable in Trump era . Here it is : https : //t.co/cOATgWyPWC
`` What broke me was not that they hated me , but that they hated the very idea of excellence , the existence of such a thing as mastery . '' https : //t.co/hUYzeLyzcu
Peterson refuses to be identified as a conservative , saying that `` some of his beliefs lean left , while others place him closer to the right . With all due respect , his self-assessment is not very persuasive . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc https : //t.co/xXZBOgNn8a
Yes , Amazon does piggyback off the Post Office delivery infrastructure at cut-rate prices . It is n't false just because Trump says it : https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW https : //t.co/WdLV5bbiC4
Excellent @ clmarohn @ StrongTowns from the archives : `` Through regulations that reinforce false notions on how wealth is created , American cities have mandated their own financial demise . '' https : //t.co/sn1IsOkBVq
`` Today law acts as the dominant factor shaping new neighborhoods . Prior to the onset of zoning , however , law was one among several factors that created the built environment . '' https : //t.co/SckxjJfS6d https : //t.co/R8HqyukAgQ
`` The real hubris here is not that we tried and failed but that we thought we could actually succeed . Afghanistan is simply not that kind of place . '' https : //t.co/mIGPvrcOC4 https : //t.co/eFjADsqS8v
You might not care what these two Christian scholars have to say . But the way they conduct debate is a lesson for everyone : https : //t.co/pGfE5dskRc https : //t.co/kkB7OQqlEN
`` There is no low to which the GOP will not stoop as it continues to insult the intelligence of its voter base . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT
`` Resistance to modern architecture can be politically effective without becoming yet another partisan issue . '' https : //t.co/7ZrMGespoz
`` The students were quickly routed into the usual ideological circuits , with Hogg featured on CNN and MSNBC , and Kashuv feted on Fox News and across talk radio . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrr7ODS
`` Never fear , United Lutheran Seminary is doubling down on wokeness . A reader points out these workshops—the only ones—at the seminary ’ s spring convocation this month . '' https : //t.co/pXzLVCHw7n https : //t.co/XIKNbOTS10
`` An Episcopalian of the old school , Walter Berns thought religion important but something that , in James Madison-like fashion , must be kept under control for fear of causing 'faction . ' '' https : //t.co/HHLHRQ6HnM
`` It is impossible to understate how radical this is . These people are denying that boys and girls exist . These people are mad—and their kind of madness is a social contagion . '' https : //t.co/0BuHgcomtT
RT @ adwooldridge : Rosemary ’ s Theyby | The American Conservative https : //t.co/cQJkEIjOvM via @ amconmag
Haver you read Daniel Boorstin 's `` The Image '' ? Read it . https : //t.co/JuuJwjDres
Peterson warns `` against those who would take a sledgehammer to society without knowing what they would lose by shattering it into a million pieces . '' That 's conservative . https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
NEW @ RossAMarchand : Trump is right . The Post Office is bankrupt and Amazon is making it worse . https : //t.co/mjmGy4c2OW https : //t.co/CprsLxURId
NEW @ markperrydc reviews `` Directorate S '' by @ SteveCollNY @ penguinpress on the unending , disastrous wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan . https : //t.co/mIGPvqVddu https : //t.co/f9968rG7Pe
NEW Casey Chalk : At one time it would have been ridiculous to have to teach academia the art of respectful disagreement . But we do , and Christians can help : https : //t.co/pGfE5dskRc https : //t.co/wmgWtWSmkY
`` I dread to think what I would have said if anyone had thrust a cable news camera in my face back then . It certainly would have been incendiary and wholly at odds with what I think today . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s
ICYMI : Roger Scruton on eyesore skyscrapers : https : //t.co/0kkT4xOIfO
`` Michael Moore said that the election of Donald Trump would be the biggest 'screw you ' in modern American political history , but it was actually the worst breakup this side of The Bachelor . '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
`` If you are a man who thinks Christianity is not for you , and who ( quite rightly ! ) wants to avoid the Mark Driscoll style of cheesy churchy machismo , you would do well to investigate Eastern Orthodox Christianity . '' https : //t.co/aMT7ROlNbP
NEW @ RossAMarchand : # Amazon and the # USPS : Bringing crony capitalism right to your door . https : //t.co/kcqcynLdl0
@ the_tpa https : //t.co/s70Ft1ayeR
`` Every taxpayer is now responsible for approximately $ 161,000 of the debt , which just surpassed $ 21 trillion . And that number is only going up . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJDSJt
`` Modern people who are lost in the cosmos pick up all kinds of self-help manuals in search of guidance , or , if they are Christian , buy books bubbling over with godly therapeutic psychobabble . Don ’ t do it . Take up and read Dante . '' https : //t.co/nYtdMhR0T3
`` Peterson stands against such criticisms , and against those who would take a sledgehammer to society without knowing what they would lose by shattering it into a million pieces . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
Grab your coffee and do n't miss @ markperrydc review of @ SteveCollNY who brings his usual superb storytelling skills to new book , # DirectorateS

https : //t.co/f1YMMEc7gz https : //t.co/KErAHmIt0B
`` Where is our Great Neoconservative Foreign Policy Thinker and his or her magnum opus ? '' It does n't exist . https : //t.co/KvNzIluQCB
`` Which conception of nationhood is at play here ? The 'benign ' civic or cultural one , or the 'dangerous ' ethnic one ? '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY
`` Academics in the humanities desire nothing so much as the endless reproduction of the discourse . Anything that threatens this reproduction , or which is not reproducible in the terms of the discourse , is shunted aside . '' https : //t.co/hUYzeLgXNU
`` Saudi Arabia is the only country on earth named after a private family . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` Despite their inconsistent toggling between bromides of universal love one minute and vitriol the next , there have been moments when the Marjory Stoneman Douglas survivors have put their critics to shame . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s
`` The evolving matrix of rackets that prompted the 2008 debacle has only grown more elaborate and craven as the old economy of stuff dies and is replaced by a financialized economy of swindles and frauds . '' https : //t.co/Uxs3UqJnlc
Roadside junk , or history ? Or both ? https : //t.co/Bo1soYHD7V https : //t.co/vTA7I3AWRp
`` In the 1980s , largely in response to the expansion and homogenization Butz recommended , the U.S. underwent a severe farm crisis . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
`` We have used our wealth , our literacy , our technology , and our progress to create a thicket of unreality which stands between us and the facts of life . '' Daniel Boorstin wrote that in 1962 : https : //t.co/ocSalMo7Y5
https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT https : //t.co/DUFPhLna2K
`` Constitutionalism itself frays badly in a warlike regime . Just ask the 2,000 American dissenters prosecuted by Woodrow Wilson under the Espionage Act or the 100,000 Japanese-Americans thrown into internment camps by FDR . '' https : //t.co/JuuJwjV2D2
https : //t.co/ocSalMFIPD https : //t.co/dwdPNOWiM4
https : //t.co/JuuJwjDres https : //t.co/6a1fk4XK2Z
`` Will we one day recall , with a tinge of nostalgia , the warmth and community of the Amazon Go store , before we turn back to our headsets to do more 'v-commerce ' ? '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
https : //t.co/7wBbrr7ODS https : //t.co/pNX3JcDOOa
https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54 https : //t.co/DXaajcxQMx
`` Buckley ’ s infamous outburst was a rare televised example of loss of control , of the sort that some people seek out in auto races or certain types of pornography . '' https : //t.co/uHUIAUBaNO
ICYMI : Roger Scruton on eyesore skyscrapers ( like this ) : https : //t.co/0kkT4xx6Re https : //t.co/as0JnsOpx8
`` If Trump really had an “ America First ” foreign policy , leaving Syria would have been one of the first things he did , but he doesn ’ t and so that won ’ t happen on his watch . '' https : //t.co/kmfNm0qfgX
Jordan Peterson , conservative ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE
`` There are the people who don ’ t go to church themselves but think religion is necessary for others . There are serial monogamists like Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich who express deep-felt concerns about the institution of marriage . '' https : //t.co/GSVmPMK2ZD
https : //t.co/WHZRZ7DZeV https : //t.co/NbjjtIgpAw
`` The reader hypothesized that these ever more strict , even radical , diversity requirements imposed on colleges are in fact an attempt to resolve the differences between reality and what elites prefer to believe is reality . '' https : //t.co/WHZRZ7VA6t
Interest payments on the massive federal debt are set to outpace the cost of the military and the cost of Medicaid in just eight years . https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT
`` World War I accelerated Wilsonian progressivism , that World War II brought us the first general income tax , that Vietnam coincided with the Great Society , and that the Iraq War was concurrent with the largest expansion of Medicare . '' https : //t.co/JuuJwjDres
`` There ’ s a crisis at United Lutheran Seminary in eastern Pennsylvania . It seems that around 20 years ago , its new president professed a totally mainstream ( at the time ) Christian view about homosexuality . '' https : //t.co/pXzLVCZ6YV
`` I dread to think what I would have said if anyone had thrust a cable news camera in my face back then . It certainly would have been incendiary and wholly at odds with what I think today . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s
Ignored by TV culture for over 20 years , the return of the repressed was inevitable in Trump era . https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
https : //t.co/KBpe748nO7 https : //t.co/b4kTVd9h3a
`` The Statement decries the growing sensibility among Europe ’ s elites that immigrants shouldn ’ t be required to assimilate into the Western culture because the Western culture doesn ’ t represent anything particularly special . '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
`` Our plight is not the absence of a Sir Launcelot to rescue Guinevere . It is the withering of our constitutional institutions calculated to protect against limitless executive power and tyranny . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
The Cicero Trap is the idea that great statesmen are more important than strong institutions . Do n't fall for it . https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` American foreign policy had never been peaceful merely for the sake of being peaceful . Security was the paramount concern . '' https : //t.co/AIIZjWNRjG
`` But true discrimination and hatred seemed to me a thing of the past . Now , in 2016 , I can ’ t say the same thing at all . Indeed , I believe that we Americans are far more racist and race-conscious than we were 25 or 30 years ago . '' https : //t.co/uRwLnpGUHD
`` It took Spain centuries to break free of the resource curse , which is why a quick fix in Saudi Arabia is exceedingly remote . Oil has the kingdom in its grip and won ’ t let go . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qXlx6
Haver you read Daniel Boorstin 's `` The Image '' ? Read it . https : //t.co/JuuJwjDres
`` Hogg calls the NRA 'child murderers ' because he ’ s an adolescent . What excuse do the rest of us have ? '' https : //t.co/7wBbrr7ODS
`` When U.S. forces are going to stay in a place 'a little longer , ' we know that means that they won ’ t leave that place for years or decades . '' https : //t.co/qTB8AV664t
`` Michael Moore said that the election of Donald Trump would be the biggest 'screw you ' in modern American political history , but it was actually the worst breakup this side of The Bachelor . '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
`` Every taxpayer is now responsible for approximately $ 161,000 of the debt , which just surpassed $ 21 trillion . And that number is only going up . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJmhkT
`` If you are a man who thinks Christianity is not for you , and who ( quite rightly ! ) wants to avoid the Mark Driscoll style of cheesy churchy machismo , you would do well to investigate Eastern Orthodox Christianity . '' https : //t.co/aMT7ROlNbP
`` Calling Defense Secretary James Mattis : on this issue , we need your intervention . '' https : //t.co/8TVfnnfnuI
`` What had formerly been understood as a local enterprise meant to feed local inhabitants was increasingly viewed as a global enterprise meant to foster trade relations and massive corn and soybean sales overseas . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIuvHe
Dreher reader : Identity politics is not an attempt to destroy our political system and society , but rather is an attempt to resolve conflicts that are impossible to resolve . https : //t.co/WHZRZ7VA6t
`` Mises was an ardent classical liberal and no advocate of anyone ’ s subjugation . Yet faced with a choice between imperialism and liberalism together or national self-determination that might jeopardize international commerce , even Mises sided with empire . '' https : //t.co/AIIZjX5sbe
`` A resistance to modern architecture can be politically effective without becoming yet another partisan issue . '' https : //t.co/7ZrMGespoz
`` In order to achieve his European dreams , Macron needs two things . First , he needs Germany . '' https : //t.co/HbyMzMrgLV
`` The Twin Towers come down . Boom , boom , boom goes the tribal drum . North Korea ’ s Kim Jong-un launches another missile into the sea . Boom , boom , boom it goes again . '' https : //t.co/ocSalMo7Y5
RT @ TFASorg : `` Coyne ’ s and Hall ’ s book is a great , conceptually holistic investigation into how the state can threaten our # liberty . '' @ Jerro…
RT @ RadioFreeTom : My High Schoolers Know More About Gun Control Than Your High Schoolers | The American Conservative https : //t.co/dTMwNKKoD…
`` Constitutionalism itself frays badly in a warlike regime . Just ask the 2,000 American dissenters prosecuted by Woodrow Wilson under the Espionage Act or the 100,000 Japanese-Americans thrown into internment camps by FDR . '' https : //t.co/JuuJwjV2D2
`` Peterson ( and other conservatives ) do not believe that we should just feel gratitude for what we have ; they think it ’ s our duty to understand the ideas that enabled this flourishing in the first place . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
Having been so vehemently on the record , it will be hard for these kids to ever grow and change their opinions . https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s
`` While Clinton ’ s bubblicious second term did indeed bring prosperity for many , what few gains trickled down to the lower-middle class were quickly erased by the Enron-era dot-com meltdown , the Bush-era wars , and the 2008 collapse . '' https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54
`` Without taxes , the people lack both a stake in government and a means of controlling it . Instead , the state becomes the private property of the crown , which is why Saudi Arabia is the only country on earth named after a private family . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` The Constitution embodies more collective wisdom about human nature , the corruption of power , and the majesty of liberty and justice than any other government charter that has been conceived or tried . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
RT @ KelleyBVlahos : Did anyone really think Trump was going to get the U.S. out of Syria ? @ DanielLarison told us so : https : //t.co/xsZzDLmuOL
`` The emergence of this false Europe is robbing the European societies of their self-respect and hence their cohesion and force . '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
When U.S. forces are going to stay in a place “ a little longer , ” we know that means that they won ’ t leave that place for years or decades . https : //t.co/qTB8AV664t
TAC Afternoon Edition from Barbara Boland : `` Fresh off a gigantic spending binge , Republicans now say they want to eliminate the deficit . Uh-huh . '' https : //t.co/jf3UPJDSJt https : //t.co/h0NxU2oUvx
`` There are the people who don ’ t go to church themselves but think religion is necessary for others . There are serial monogamists like Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich who express deep-felt concerns about the institution of marriage . '' https : //t.co/GSVmPMK2ZD
`` 'One must focus on a graffito scrawled on the outside wall of the palace ; one can only under great epistemological duress , and with many methodological apologies for one ’ s prurient interest in “ privileged ” points of view , be allowed to look inside it . ' '' https : //t.co/hUYzeLyzcu
Pompeo faces a difficult confirmation battle . Great ! https : //t.co/MXGLN8N0Za
`` “ We have used our wealth , our literacy , our technology , and our progress to create a thicket of unreality which stands between us and the facts of life . '' Daniel Boorstin wrote that in 1962 : https : //t.co/ocSalMFIPD https : //t.co/gifMLkAsUs
`` World War I accelerated Wilsonian progressivism , that World War II brought us the first general income tax , that Vietnam coincided with the Great Society , and that the Iraq War was concurrent with the largest expansion of Medicare . '' https : //t.co/JuuJwjV2D2 https : //t.co/dSJL8XQIEg
`` The Buckley-Vidal debate still seems unique for its sheer emotionalism and the odd quasi-sexual dynamics noticed by some contemporary observers . '' https : //t.co/uHUIAUBaNO
`` How appropriate that we now have actual high schoolers as a yardstick to show how infantile our discourse has become . As for the kids , it may feel good now , but God forbid they step outside the roles that the braying masses have fashioned for them . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrr7ODS https : //t.co/NlrSbGifGf
The new `` Roseanne '' is only a fictionalized portrayal of what 's happening in our politics - and families . No use to sweep it under the rug . @ TellyDavidson : https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54 https : //t.co/zA2VQWo0ZY
Need more be said ? https : //t.co/g7i44cbMd2 https : //t.co/gg7kFanMnz
`` Spain had gone broke on gold and silver while Britain had gotten rich off colonies containing little more than timber , cod , and furs . One country forgot how to work while the other learned how to work not only harder but more effectively . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` The day Trump begins reinstating nuclear sanctions on Tehran will be the day the United States creates a national security crisis . '' https : //t.co/8TVfnnwYmg
Jordan Peterson : `` Each person ’ s private trouble can not be solved by a social revolution , because revolutions are destabilizing and dangerous . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
In movement conservatism , `` Rod Dreher , Andrew Sullivan , Conor Friedersdorf , and Bill Kauffman are mostly ignored . They raise concerns that movement types don ’ t want to think about . '' https : //t.co/GSVmPMK2ZD https : //t.co/HGyIQmSFA9
How about a real interview for Mbs ? https : //t.co/O5JMO3HHgy
`` it is ideal to be as vague as possible about what one ’ s conclusions actually are . The notion that certain ideas or conclusions are correct , and others incorrect , is hopelessly retrograde . Nothing simply is as it is ; everything must be 'framed . ' '' https : //t.co/hUYzeLgXNU
The celebrity has replaced the hero in our image-based politics -- -and now we 've got one on steroids : https : //t.co/ocSalMo7Y5 https : //t.co/3848jLt80d
NEW William S. Smith : `` By embracing an ideology of military interventionism alien to American constitutionalism—while tolerating an ever expanding welfare state—conservatism lost its way . '' https : //t.co/JuuJwjV2D2 https : //t.co/XLVw3QS7JN
`` In 228 years , Congress has not once voted to take the nation across the Rubicon from peace to war . It has only acknowledged on five occasions that a state of war had been thrust upon the United States . '' The Executive Branch on the other hand ... https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
NEW : @ MattPurple on the dangers of Twitter mobs and conscripting teenagers into proxy wars . `` You saw not high schoolers acting like adults but adults acting like high schoolers . '' https : //t.co/7wBbrrpq2s https : //t.co/BsMBp71lku
NEW @ TellyDavidson : `` 'Roseanne ' had as much use for the 'family values ' conservatism of Phyllis Schlafly as a fish has for a bicycle . '' And yet ... https : //t.co/cOATgWhf54 https : //t.co/NOki9g52Iy
RT @ Kinger_Liberty : Good stuff from @ MattPurple at @ amconmag on how both sides have deployed students shamelessly : `` The result has been a p…
A disillusioned academic : `` What broke me was not that they hated me , but that they hated the very idea of excellence , the existence of such a thing as mastery . '' https : //t.co/hUYzeLgXNU
`` Trump claims to want to pull U.S. forces out of Syria , but this statement suggests that he would be willing to keep them there if the Saudis would pay for it . '' So then it 's okay to risk American lives ? https : //t.co/mFXtFFgH3U
`` This strip mall is built along a major intersection on Route 50—known to locals as the endangered Lee-Jackson Memorial Highway ( the name , of course , is endangered—not , unfortunately , the highway ) . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p
Jordan Peterson , conservative ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
`` We should be clear about one thing : the day Trump begins reinstating nuclear sanctions on Tehran will be the day the United States creates a national security crisis . '' https : //t.co/8TVfnnfnuI
`` Apathy toward war is symptomatic of advancing civic decay , finding expression in apathy toward the blight of child poverty , homelessness , illegitimacy , and eating disorders also plaguing the country . '' https : //t.co/AtKrADVsPK
`` Gold and silver made Spain rich for a time . But then they made it poor by plunging it into war and debt , turning it from a globe-straddling power to the sick man of Europe in the span of just three or four generations . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` Donald Trump ’ s presidency is best summed up by The Bard : 'Full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . ' '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yTMRl
`` We are far from a racially free , color-blind , or non-discriminatory society . While my belief about this is purely anecdotal , I think it ’ s a fair assessment . '' https : //t.co/uRwLnpGUHD
`` 'You can tell a true war story by its absolute and uncompromising allegiance to obscenity and evil . ' If the people back home don ’ t like these types of stories , he says , they should stop sending their kids to war . '' https : //t.co/CkKnYsndfc
`` Unlike many of his fellow academics , Peterson does not succumb to the notion that the Western canon persists because of some conspiracy to uphold Western ( or white ) hegemony . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7 https : //t.co/KSKTlKpj6G
`` In a little over a month , Trump will choose whether to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal . The wrong choice could mean the Iraq war times 10 . '' https : //t.co/8TVfnnfnuI
This was n't done to Paris , but it was done to too many of our cities and towns : https : //t.co/7ZrMGeaOx1 https : //t.co/3QzwNcj8b3
`` The significance of the Buckley-Vidal flamewar is that it taught the networks to value supercharged ideological debate over straight news coverage ... But the would-be pundits we see on television now are dumber and duller than Buckley and Vidal ever were . '' https : //t.co/uHUIAUBaNO
Society continues to drug itself into a tech-enabled stupor . Conservatives can `` re-norm '' the human connection : https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` If Trump really had an “ America First ” foreign policy , leaving Syria would have been one of the first things he did , but he doesn ’ t and so that won ’ t happen on his watch . '' https : //t.co/kmfNm0qfgX
https : //t.co/8TVfnnfnuI https : //t.co/KoZuvDlXeF
`` 'Jesus Christ Superstar . ' Who watched it ? What did you think ? '' https : //t.co/eSH337PhkB
https : //t.co/7vxPnBr6Hz https : //t.co/ml0VcWlgkf
https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w https : //t.co/Aj2FTfvxi2
`` John Boyd , America ’ s greatest military theorist , said that all closed systems collapse . The Washington establishment can not adjust , it can not adapt , it can not learn . It can not escape serial failure . '' https : //t.co/JplZ9ut8m4
https : //t.co/KBpe74pZcH https : //t.co/nE7n4i8S0M
`` Last summer , in one of the strangest speeches in American history , President Trump announced he would surge troop levels in Afghanistan—and then in the same breath admitted it was a mistake and something he didn ’ t really want to do . '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yCbsL
https : //t.co/C3OEUJi3bc https : //t.co/D7QvY4aVsc
`` The rumor about Sally Hemings was first circulated in 1802 by a reporter named James Callender , who admitted that he was determined to crush Jefferson ’ s re-election chances after Jefferson and his friends turned a cold shoulder to him . '' https : //t.co/KBpe74pZcH
`` This strip mall is built along a major intersection on Route 50—known to locals as the endangered Lee-Jackson Memorial Highway ( the name , of course , is endangered—not , unfortunately , the highway ) . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p
`` Some of the kindest and most noble people I ’ ve ever known also hold appalling opinions about politics and cultural matters . '' https : //t.co/HfSczf24lE
In the Catholic Church , `` Increasingly , it ’ s down to a worldview contest between 'First Things ' and 'Commonweal . ' The JPII synthesis is fast becoming irrelevant . '' https : //t.co/3cZ8IkE4uK
`` If you don ’ t think we have a problem with violent police , watch the video above . '' https : //t.co/keOLdykf4w
`` Modern people who are lost in the cosmos pick up all kinds of self-help manuals in search of guidance , or , if they are Christian , buy books bubbling over with godly therapeutic psychobabble . Don ’ t do it . Take up and read Dante . '' https : //t.co/nYtdMhR0T3
`` Did he secure America ’ s borders ? Did he restore the industrial might of America ? Did he take us out of and keep us out of any more neocon wars ? '' https : //t.co/7vxPnB9viZ
`` The United States is at the precipice of ruination . We are there not because 'real statesmen ' have failed to surface like a Deus ex Machina . We are there because we have dishonored Madison ’ s wisdom and the Constitution ’ s separation of powers '' . https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Destroying a non-proliferation agreement that , while certainly not perfect , has been verified time and again as successful would be a geopolitical mistake of the highest order . '' https : //t.co/8TVfnnwYmg
Dan Lazare on TAC : As wealth gushes from the ground , thrift vanishes , the work ethic shrinks , and policy grows more erratic and extreme . Saudi 's 'resource curse trajectory ' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w https : //t.co/jcjt9iVhFx
NEW : @ MattPurple on high schoolers being used as proxies in ad hominem-fueled catfights on social media https : //t.co/K1wR64Ohud https : //t.co/bygfeQRbIt
NEW William Smith @ CatholicUniv You ca n't blame Trump for the warfare-welfare state -- that 3-headed hydra has been around for a long time https : //t.co/0bMOY3ez5g
@ mostrolenk @ antiwar1984 @ FabiusMaximus01 https : //t.co/5kPvSbAfjN
NEW @ TellyDavidson : 'Roseanne really IS deplorable ' -- whine the reboot reviews -- but what about this show and its impact on early 90s TV do these young critics not get ?
https : //t.co/sSK4phO9Im

@ jowilliams293 @ CFMcElwee @ WeMeantWell https : //t.co/CnJ6B4PB2b
`` Peterson ’ s respect for tradition and authority , however , is not limited to recognizing the Bible ’ s influence on the development of our society , or to defending the Western literary and philosophical canon . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE
`` Architecture is not intrinsically conservative or liberal , let alone Democratic or Republican . Yet a quiet consensus favors traditional styles in architecture ... It seems an awful lot like a 'silent majority . ' '' https : //t.co/7ZrMGespoz
Do you like `` Jesus Christ Superstar '' ? https : //t.co/eSH337PhkB
`` Stressed-out farmers today only grow food for global consumption , and that is leading to a crisis at home . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
`` In 228 years , Congress has not once voted to take the nation across the Rubicon from peace to war . It has only acknowledged on five occasions that a state of war had been thrust upon the United States . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Apathy toward war is symptomatic of advancing civic decay , finding expression in apathy toward the blight of child poverty , homelessness , illegitimacy , and eating disorders also plaguing the country . '' https : //t.co/AtKrADVsPK
https : //t.co/sWw2VnxHwa https : //t.co/5ydCK2IZYB
`` The high watermark of the massive shopping plaza is probably behind us . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX https : //t.co/xu3gpuX75E
`` Gold and silver made Spain rich for a time . But then they made it poor by plunging it into war and debt , turning it from a globe-straddling power to the sick man of Europe in the span of just three or four generations . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` There were at least eight male Jeffersons in the area at the time that Eston was conceived , and Jefferson was probably the least likely to have been the father . '' https : //t.co/KBpe74pZcH
`` We are far from a racially free , color-blind , or non-discriminatory society . While my belief about this is purely anecdotal , I think it ’ s a fair assessment . '' https : //t.co/uRwLnpGUHD
`` Unlike many of his fellow academics , Peterson does not succumb to the notion that the Western canon persists because of some conspiracy to uphold Western ( or white ) hegemony . '' https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE
`` We should be clear about one thing : the day Trump begins reinstating nuclear sanctions on Tehran will be the day the United States creates a national security crisis . '' https : //t.co/8TVfnnfnuI
`` It is not enough to be a disinterested scholar . ( I ’ m old enough to remember when there was no other kind . ) You have to be committed to the Party and its line . '' https : //t.co/3KtfeOZ6T0
`` Lewis , writing in 1942 , has his fictional devils recognize that their present struggle is best served by concealing the spiritual realm , and instead corrupting their subjects through materialism and skepticism . '' https : //t.co/CkKnYs5BQC
The Uber self-driving car death is out of the news , but this is still true : `` This is a culture that prioritizes the speed , convenience , and storage of automobiles over human lives , human flourishing , and human justice . '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMq5oq
`` Some 13 European thinkers issued an intellectual protest late last year against the assault on the Western heritage that has been raging on the Continent and in Britain for years '' : https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
`` A 'country made by war , ' to cite the title of a popular account of U.S. military history , the United States in our own day is fast becoming a country undone by war . '' https : //t.co/AtKrADDRra
Even if Macron becomes the most powerful leader in Europe , it wo n't be easy sailing : https : //t.co/HbyMzMrgLV
`` Sundry body parts of Michel Foucault , Jacques Derrida , Judith Butler , and Gilles Deleuze were sewn onto a brain comprised of one-third each Thomas Hobbes , Saul Alinsky , and Tupac Shakur to create a perfect Frankenstein monster of thought . '' https : //t.co/Uxs3UqJnlc
`` If the forces that shot these protesters worked for a different government that wasn ’ t a U.S. client , American politicians and pundits would presumably not be shrugging at evidence of a massacre of unarmed people . '' https : //t.co/ouAq0wrL2C
`` Saudi Arabia is the only country on earth named after a private family—rather as if the United States were known as Trump America or the United Kingdom as Windsor Britain . '' https : //t.co/O7kW7qXlx6
`` You really shouldn ’ t be so myopic as to think that what happens on campus stays on campus . The poisonous seeds planted here will bear bitter fruit later . '' https : //t.co/3KtfeOHw1s
`` The rumor was dismissed by serious historians for almost 200 years . '' https : //t.co/KBpe74pZcH
`` The two heroes of the black movement in the 1950s and 1960s—X and MLK—were profoundly interesting men ... .They each represented deep and abiding strains and tensions in the Western and republican traditions . '' https : //t.co/uRwLnpGUHD https : //t.co/Mx8eR5hB4M
If conservatism is `` the conviction that the mechanisms and traditions of our society are rational and good , whatever their shortcomings may be , '' then @ jordanbpeterson is a conservative . https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE
`` We have ceased to believe in the Christian cultural framework , yet we have made it impossible to believe in any other that does what culture must do : restrain individual passions and channel them creatively toward communal purposes . '' https : //t.co/aLtX11pdOV
`` Why would the region invest in such an unnecessary transit project ? Because it is not a transit investment at all . '' https : //t.co/9Wct6rNFU3
International trade and its attendant mass-scale industrial methods have n't saved farmers . https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ DanDePetris : `` In a little over a month , he 'll choose whether to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal . The wrong choice could mean the Iraq war times 10 . '' https : //t.co/8TVfnnwYmg https : //t.co/gwjALc6lxI
`` The significance of the Buckley-Vidal flamewar is that it taught the networks to value supercharged ideological debate over straight news coverage ... But the would-be pundits we see on television now are dumber and duller than Buckley and Vidal ever were . '' https : //t.co/uHUIAUBaNO
`` We 've become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` What civilizations of the past or present have repudiated themselves and their cultural foundations with such focused intent ? '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PC6O7J
`` Yet the resistance of this city to giving up its vision of U.S. global hegemony is broad and deep , for that vision is almost a defining mark of our foreign policy elites . For them to give it up would be like death itself . '' https : //t.co/7vxPnBr6Hz
Score one for the resource curse : https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w
`` It is not enough to be a disinterested scholar . ( I ’ m old enough to remember when there was no other kind . ) You have to be committed to the Party and its line . '' https : //t.co/3KtfeOZ6T0
`` There is no record of anyone having seen anything , even the subtlest glance , pass between Thomas Jefferson and Sally Hemings . There is almost no evidence that Sally Hemings existed at all . '' @ constancegrady @ TuckerCarlson @ robbysoave https : //t.co/KBpe74pZcH https : //t.co/4wIFo43zWU
`` Conservatives are lucky to have such an articulate advocate , his rejection of their label notwithstanding . '' @ zackbeauchamp @ mattklewis @ DouthatNYT @ theodorekupfer https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE https : //t.co/ziIHaqB6Ml
Lent is over but ... '' Our ancestors in the faith didn ’ t give up things like chocolate—they gave up whole meals . Yes , it was miserable , but that ’ s the point . Lent is supposed to last for six weeks , not for three minutes until your Snickers craving subsides . '' https : //t.co/qPwqk3b63z
The Cicero Trap is the idea that great statesmen are more important than strong institutions . It is n't true : https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` Is there a connection between the feminization of Christianity and its decline ? '' There might be : https : //t.co/aMT7RO4ckh
`` If Trump really had an 'America First ' foreign policy , leaving Syria would have been one of the first things he did . '' https : //t.co/kmfNm0HQFx
Gore Vidal and WFB : `` They were 'Best of Enemies'—and eerily similar '' : https : //t.co/uHUIAUBaNO
Do you like `` Jesus Christ Superstar '' ? https : //t.co/eSH337PhkB
`` The United States is at the precipice of ruination . We are there not because 'real statesmen ' have failed to surface like a Deus ex Machina . We are there because we have dishonored Madison ’ s wisdom and the Constitution ’ s separation of powers . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` It is upon three questions that the Trump presidency will be judged : Did he secure America ’ s borders ? Did he restore the industrial might of America ? Did he take us out of and keep us out of any more neocon wars ? '' https : //t.co/7vxPnB9viZ
NEW from @ dhlazare : Many great countries have been laid low by the `` resource curse . '' There 's no reason Saudi Arabia will be different : https : //t.co/O7kW7qFK8w https : //t.co/cNsVBKgJlG
`` Emmanuel Macron is living on the chance that he ’ ll end up the sole European leader with influence on the continent . '' Even if he is , it does n't guarantee much : https : //t.co/HbyMzMrgLV
History is controversial enough without gilding it for political correctness -- @ mmenge on the pure lack of evidence that slave Sally Hemmings existed , much less had four children w/Jefferson
https : //t.co/7VmBU3o5a1
@ charlescwcooke @ TuckerCarlson https : //t.co/1FbOy1Jwsr
NEW : @ jordanbpeterson calls himself a classical liberal . Is he actually ... a conservative ? https : //t.co/C3OEUJ0sjE https : //t.co/2NJPUirI81
`` There are two possible explanations , neither of them reassuring : This is an example of anti-Christian bigotry , flat-out ; This is an example of religious and cultural illiteracy . '' https : //t.co/fHZgMQWiXJ
`` The United States is at the precipice of ruination . We are there not because 'real statesmen ' have failed to surface like a Deus ex Machina . We are there because we have dishonored Madison ’ s wisdom and the Constitution ’ s separation of powers '' . https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Architecture is not intrinsically conservative or liberal , let alone Democratic or Republican . Yet a quiet consensus favors traditional styles in architecture . It seems an awful lot like a 'silent majority . ' '' https : //t.co/7ZrMGespoz
`` Mohammed bin Salman may be foolish enough to believe his own propaganda , but more likely he thinks that this is what will get the attention of ignorant Western hawks . '' https : //t.co/h8GLj9lUZe
RT @ dhlazare : My take on the `` resource curse '' and the coming Saudi collapse : https : //t.co/FhqbkLCLkJ
`` The Washington establishment can not adjust , it can not adapt , it can not learn . It can not escape serial failure . '' https : //t.co/JplZ9ut8m4
`` Why would the region invest in such an unnecessary transit project ? Because it is not a transit investment at all . '' https : //t.co/9Wct6rw52v
Anger is n't an option for Christians . `` Be very , very clear that if your church experience is one of conflict , anger , fear , and mistrust , then you will burn out . '' https : //t.co/3cZ8IkE4uK
The Cicero Trap is the idea that great statesmen are more important than strong institutions . Do n't fall for it . https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` 'All closed systems collapse . The Washington establishment can not adjust , it can not adapt , it can not learn . It can not escape serial failure . ' '' https : //t.co/JplZ9ubwXu
`` A century ago , modernists decided that the Machine Age required a Machine Architecture , but all we got was the machine metaphor without its promised efficiency . '' https : //t.co/7ZrMGespoz
`` Modern people who are lost in the cosmos pick up all kinds of self-help manuals in search of guidance , or , if they are Christian , buy books bubbling over with godly therapeutic psychobabble . Don ’ t do it . Take up and read Dante . '' https : //t.co/nYtdMhR0T3
`` If you don ’ t think we have a problem with violent police , watch the video above . '' https : //t.co/keOLdy2EcY
The Cicero Trap is the idea that great statesmen are more important than strong institutions . Do n't fall for it : https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` Lewis , writing in 1942 , has his fictional devils recognize that their present struggle is best served by concealing the spiritual realm , and instead corrupting their subjects through materialism and skepticism . '' https : //t.co/CkKnYsndfc
This was n't done to Paris , but it was done to too many of our cities and towns : https : //t.co/7ZrMGeaOx1
`` To be a member of the establishment you must spout the ideology of 'democratic capitalism , ' the notion that America can and should remake the rest of the world in its own image . '' https : //t.co/JplZ9ubwXu
In the Catholic Church , `` Increasingly , it ’ s down to a worldview contest between 'First Things ' and 'Commonweal . ' The JPII synthesis is fast becoming irrelevant . '' https : //t.co/3cZ8IkVFmi
`` Our ancestors in the faith didn ’ t give up little things like chocolate—they gave up whole meals . Yes , it was miserable , but that ’ s the point . Lent is supposed to last for six weeks , not for three minutes until your Snickers craving subsides . '' https : //t.co/qPwqk2TuEZ
ICYMI : https : //t.co/cmxEo5F8KO
`` It is obviously not true that Saudi Arabia is 'trying to help the people of Yemen , ' but even if we credited them with 'trying ' to do this they have failed as badly as one possibly could . '' https : //t.co/h8GLj9lUZe
https : //t.co/CkKnYsndfc https : //t.co/5RdGFbvm38
https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc https : //t.co/geIKJhxDN4
`` The construction chaos also led the pastor to significantly curtail the hours of our 24-hour Eucharistic chapel , which I understand will likely not be re-instated once the construction crews depart for good . '' https : //t.co/Iut85b0Orr
https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O https : //t.co/ptJrZsoTFP
`` What civilizations of the past or present have repudiated themselves and their cultural foundations with such focused intent ? '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PC6O7J
https : //t.co/HbyMzM9Fnl https : //t.co/e8o0x7nSAC
RT @ wirtzbill : If we know one thing about French monarchs in Europe , it ’ s that they ’ ve tended to overestimate their support among the commo…
RT @ sladesr : Tough , provocative read . https : //t.co/fVPiFcQWTF
`` We have become a warfare state fueled by a multi-trillion-dollar military-industrial-counterterrorism complex that revels in crony capitalism , escalating conflict , unaudited defense budgets , and a spiraling national debt . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM
`` Bulwer-Lytton was lamenting the loss of the England he grew up in—but also giving warning to those like us , who would face this future defined by egalitarianism and technology , threatened by the reckless pursuit of utopian bliss . '' https : //t.co/GobRryrQOD
`` Sundry body parts of Michel Foucault , Jacques Derrida , Judith Butler , and Gilles Deleuze were sewn onto a brain comprised of one-third each Thomas Hobbes , Saul Alinsky , and Tupac Shakur to create a perfect Frankenstein monster of thought . '' https : //t.co/Uxs3UqrMtE
`` We have ceased to believe in the Christian cultural framework , yet we have made it impossible to believe in any other that does what culture must do : restrain individual passions and channel them creatively toward communal purposes . '' https : //t.co/aLtX11pdOV
`` Some of the kindest and most noble people I ’ ve ever known also hold appalling opinions about politics and cultural matters . '' https : //t.co/HfSczeKtu6
`` There is a crucial distinction between an ethnic nationalism that aspires to national sovereignty and one that aims at national superiority . '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY
Is the 'resource curse ' finally going to bring the Saudi kingdom down ? NEW Dan Lazare tonight : https : //t.co/wScvLDvZrM https : //t.co/vWF0Ox67ue
NEW : Now-famous academic # JordanPeterson claims he 's not a conservative but we respectfully disagree . Christian Alejandro Gonzalez explains why : https : //t.co/fS3xqntosu https : //t.co/UMEvZN8mgz
`` Approaching spiritual warfare from the evil side is peculiarly enlightening ; it allows us to see just how destructive our seemingly innocuous habits can be to the life of faith . '' https : //t.co/CkKnYsndfc
NEW @ mmenge : How @ washingtonpost slandered Jefferson and claimed he had four children w/a slave , a charge never proven . https : //t.co/7VmBU3o5a1 https : //t.co/KKZTt8jzjw
`` If you don ’ t think we have a problem with violent police , watch the video above . '' https : //t.co/keOLdykf4w https : //t.co/IvbzP8QxWQ
Patrick J. Buchanan tonight : With immigration on one hand , the neocon temptations on the other , the fate of Trump 's presidency really could go either way : https : //t.co/C0wvZVtcoz https : //t.co/U8ZzYOLHG1
`` We ’ ve propped up a truly unsustainable style of production with subsidies and insurance programs . When things go sour , we tell farmers to just keep following the same formula . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIuvHe
`` If we know one thing about French monarchs in Europe , it ’ s that they ’ ve tended to overestimate their support among the common man . It ’ s always important to make sure you don ’ t…lose your head over your ideals . '' https : //t.co/HbyMzMrgLV
`` Never Trumpers are not so secretly celebrating . They got the president they thought they didn ’ t want . And now , pretending they still don ’ t want him , they can hardly believe their good fortune '' . https : //t.co/VbyD6yTMRl
`` We thought that what we believed about ourselves would be enough to hold things together . It was a costly self-deception . These days , I keep thinking about this lesson with regard to the Church , and to the country . '' https : //t.co/HfSczeKtu6
`` John Boyd , America ’ s greatest military theorist , said that all closed systems collapse . The Washington establishment can not adjust , it can not adapt , it can not learn . It can not escape serial failure . '' https : //t.co/JplZ9ubwXu
Ross Douthat 's new book is `` about the most important religious story of our time : the fate of the world ’ s largest religious institution under a pope who believes that Roman Catholicism can change in ways that his predecessors rejected . '' https : //t.co/NcbX2E3B49
`` Architecture is not intrinsically conservative or liberal , let alone Democratic or Republican . Yet a quiet consensus favors traditional styles in architecture . It seems an awful lot like a 'silent majority . ' '' https : //t.co/7ZrMGeaOx1
`` They are setting such unrealistic goals for diplomacy with North Korea because they don ’ t want it to succeed . '' https : //t.co/KNH2a0XHPm
`` Maybe 'objective journalism ' was always just a little social white lie we in the media told ourselves to make ourselves feel better—fairer , kinder , gentler , more 'professional . ' '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sXMcnx
`` We ’ ve become far too inclined to define our faith by the causes we employ it to support—whether , for example , pro-life advocacy on the right , or social justice crusades on the left . '' https : //t.co/CkKnYsndfc
`` The United States is at the precipice of ruination . We are there not because 'real statesmen ' have failed to surface like a Deus ex Machina . We are there because we have dishonored Madison ’ s wisdom and the Constitution ’ s separation of powers . '' https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` Will feminists and others be able to publicly oppose transgenderism , especially pediatric transitioning , without being attacked and punished for 'hate speech ' or 'transphobia ' ? '' https : //t.co/b9e3vms9PH
The farm bill reinforces the mass-scale mechanization that is killing real agriculture . https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
`` Emmanuel Macron is living on the chance that he ’ ll end up the sole European leader with influence on the continent . '' https : //t.co/HbyMzM9Fnl
`` There are two possible explanations , neither of them reassuring : This is an example of anti-Christian bigotry , flat-out ; This is an example of religious and cultural illiteracy . '' https : //t.co/fHZgMQWiXJ
Our built environment and our local communities influence the stability of marriage . https : //t.co/3BX76XvkYh
The self-driving Uber crash is out of the news , but the debate remains : https : //t.co/E4S5dMq5oq
Society continues to drug itself into a tech-enabled stupor . Conservatives can `` re-norm '' the human connection : https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
This was n't done to Paris , but it was done to too many of our cities and towns : https : //t.co/7ZrMGespoz https : //t.co/MCi4Qbc34d
`` Modern people who are lost in the cosmos pick up all kinds of self-help manuals in search of guidance , or , if they are Christian , buy books bubbling over with godly therapeutic psychobabble . Don ’ t do it . Take up and read Dante . '' https : //t.co/nYtdMhzq1v
Haywire politics is religion when there 's no religion . https : //t.co/QgeItF3kR9
Writer Tim O'Brien : `` 'You can tell a true war story by its absolute and uncompromising allegiance to obscenity and evil . ' If the people back home don ’ t like these types of stories , he says , they should stop sending their kids to war . '' https : //t.co/CkKnYs5BQC
The Cicero Trap is the idea that great statesmen are more important than strong institutions . Do n't fall for it . https : //t.co/RJJcylCwQc
`` America has been at war in Afghanistan for the entire adult life of any voter under 30 . '' https : //t.co/5XXcQYGrdH
`` As Trump has proposed a variety of tariffs on countries such as China and has threatened to disband trade agreements with other nations like Canada and Mexico , farmers are the ones who primarily feel the heat . '' https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O
Today in Loudoun County , Virginia : https : //t.co/o4ojoFNzZH
`` If we know one thing about French monarchs in Europe , it ’ s that they ’ ve tended to overestimate their support among the common man . '' https : //t.co/HbyMzM9Fnl
`` Donald Trump ’ s presidency is best summed up by The Bard : 'Full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . ' '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yCbsL
`` There is a crucial distinction between an ethnic nationalism that aspires to national sovereignty and one that aims at national superiority . '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY
`` Will feminists and others be able to publicly oppose transgenderism , especially pediatric transitioning , without being attacked and punished for 'hate speech ' or 'transphobia ' ? '' https : //t.co/b9e3vmJKHf
From the archives : James Howard Kunstler on everything : https : //t.co/Uxs3UqJnlc
`` John Boyd , America ’ s greatest military theorist , said that all closed systems collapse . The Washington establishment can not adjust , it can not adapt , it can not learn . It can not escape serial failure . '' https : //t.co/JplZ9ut8m4
Dreher on his family : `` We thought that what we believed about ourselves would be enough to hold things together . It was a costly self-deception . These days , I keep thinking about this lesson with regard to the Church , and to the country . '' https : //t.co/HfSczf24lE
RT @ gracyolmstead : Considering the Farm Bill 's bias toward bigness over @ amconmag today : https : //t.co/RTvLPv3V4Y
https : //t.co/f77eJDleVJ https : //t.co/xVW6Fxg9vQ
`` Lewis , writing in 1942 , has his fictional devils recognize that their present struggle is best served by concealing the spiritual realm , and instead corrupting their subjects through materialism and skepticism . '' https : //t.co/CkKnYsndfc https : //t.co/wyuo2ObMFg
A great man wo n't save America . Fidelity to the Constitution might : https : //t.co/RJJcylU8eM https : //t.co/PLTVn6jEvW
`` This is a book about the most important religious story of our time : the fate of the world ’ s largest religious institution under a pope who believes that Roman Catholicism can change in ways that his predecessors rejected . '' https : //t.co/NcbX2E3B49
An artwork of the Crucifixion is too `` violent '' for Facebook ? https : //t.co/fHZgMQEI6b
`` As Wendell Berry put it in Orion Magazine , 'We can no longer pretend that agriculture is a sort of economic machine with interchangeable parts . ' '' We need to rethink - or relearn - what agriculture means . https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O https : //t.co/rOpWp2WIvW
The French president has displaced Angela Merkel as the continent 's most powerful leader . Now what ? https : //t.co/HbyMzM9Fnl https : //t.co/yiha338BPE
`` Ever since Trump went to Riyadh , the administration has indulged the Saudis in virtually everything . '' https : //t.co/YIu53oJO18
`` 'As the patrons of the false Europe construct their faux Christendom of universal human rights , we are losing our home . ' '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PC6O7J
`` What would be totally unacceptable to today ’ s young consumer is any kind of return to the mid-century world where “ the news ” was whatever Ben Bradlee , Johnny Apple , Robert Novak , and The Chancellor/Brinkley Nightly News said it was . '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7
`` 'If you are a member of the establishment and you suggest more than five degrees rudder change in anything , you cease to be a member of the establishment . ' '' https : //t.co/JplZ9ut8m4
`` Never Trumpers are not so secretly celebrating . They got the president they thought they didn ’ t want . And now , pretending they still don ’ t want him , they can hardly believe their good fortune . '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yTMRl
`` Either nobody has any money , or there is plenty of worthless money for everyone . The functional bankruptcy of the nation will be complete , and nothing will work anymore , including getting enough to eat . '' https : //t.co/Uxs3UqrMtE
This week 's bookshelf : Emile Doak on 'The Screwtape Letters ' and Grayson Quay with a reading list : https : //t.co/CkKnYsndfc https : //t.co/Pu79WoSQvs
NEW Bruce Fein : Forget the next great statesman . We need to make the Constitution the battleground of our politics . https : //t.co/l6i1zB7m97 https : //t.co/i9ltjE9J3q
`` Only in the West is there any perceived need to produce a document such as the Paris Statement , a call for the kind of cultural devotion and civilizational identity that are natural and well established in all the other civilizations of the world today . '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
NEW @ gracyolmstead : Farming has become a massive trade-oriented industry . It 's not the best for farmers , and it 's causing a crisis at home : https : //t.co/xsyZQIM75O https : //t.co/VMWYpDehLT
NEW @ wirtzbill : Macron is the de facto leader of Europe now . But can he hold Europe together ? https : //t.co/HbyMzM9Fnl https : //t.co/ZFODksY4qo
God 's love is much more than the feel-good preachers and mumbo-jumbo self-help books . Try this instead : https : //t.co/oivhat10Iu
Families full of Trump voters : `` That ’ s American life right now for many millions of people , but for Roxane Gay , that reality is intolerable . '' https : //t.co/HfSczeKtu6
Poor religious literacy is n't just a matter of offending the religious . It can have social and political consequences : https : //t.co/Hekk6kS5XG
The first science fiction dystopia was a takedown of extreme egalitarianism : https : //t.co/GobRryrQOD
`` My mom , born in 1943 into poverty , loves loves loves convenience foods , and can not for the life of her understand why her son prefers to cook things the old fashioned way . '' https : //t.co/iQTzGXL8KS
`` If the globe is a 70-inch television , Sully Place or even Chantilly is a pixel or two . But for tens of millions of people , that tiny dot is also home . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p
The first science fiction dystopia was a takedown of extreme egalitarianism : https : //t.co/GobRryafq3
Meet the new 'King of Europe ' https : //t.co/WjS1ealjqM https : //t.co/Do458O7tM4
`` It isn ’ t just that the mythical 'center ' will no longer hold . It ’ s that there may no longer be a center for any of us to hold on to . '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sXMcnx
`` Interventions end , the interveners come home , and the practices employed on foreign soil are imported for use against the domestic population . '' https : //t.co/rQU8brffMx
`` It wasn ’ t until I became a Catholic as an adult that I really understood that Easter was a bigger theological deal than Christmas ... .I had been catechized by the commercial culture . '' https : //t.co/FeFY8Kagc2
`` If you are a Christian who is not prepared to be despised and exiled from elite social and professional circles over your faith , then your faith won ’ t be strong enough to withstand what ’ s here , and what ’ s to come . '' https : //t.co/kq9vqceZop
`` Democrats had better hope those migrants—who , note well , aren ’ t war refugees—don ’ t get anywhere near the US border . '' https : //t.co/2FyPuoTMcG
`` We can find meaning in the rawness and brutality of Holy Week without tossing away the Church ’ s aesthetic patrimony during the rest of the year . '' https : //t.co/qPwqk3b63z
`` Under U.S. law , religious minorities escaping persecution are not only allowed to come , but the government must provide a compelling reason why they can not if their request is denied . '' https : //t.co/2kX315jde8
Poor religious literacy is n't just a matter of offending the religious . It can have social and political consequences : https : //t.co/Hekk6l9GPe
`` Only in the West is there any perceived need to produce a document such as the Paris Statement , a call for the kind of cultural devotion and civilizational identity that are natural and well established in all the other civilizations of the world today . '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
`` The great virtue of conservatism is that it begins with a realistic assessment of human motivations . '' https : //t.co/f77eJDleVJ
NEW : What TAC staff are reading : # CSLewis and # TimOBrien on war , evil and hell ... this week : https : //t.co/vVSpXBnHKd https : //t.co/fW7F0VT2hf
NEW : What is the 'Cicero Trap ' and how can we avoid it by not putting all our faith into perfect statesmen and personalities ? Constitutional scholar Bruce Fein : https : //t.co/AJHCq9Xr5u https : //t.co/yaL6j5ZKSX
NEW @ gracyolmstead : Unreformed for another budget season , Big Ag is heading for a Big Crisis , for farmers , as well as our own markets and the land we farm . https : //t.co/w6goVWXmM0 https : //t.co/sKt3T9GpVW
God 's love is so much more than the feel-good preachers understand . These books make it more real : https : //t.co/oivhasJpjU
NEW : King Macron ? @ wirtzbill says the French president is hoping he 'll be the predominant leader with sole influence over the European continent . Euroskeptics , be afraid . https : //t.co/WjS1ealjqM
`` Interventions end , the interveners come home , and the practices employed on foreign soil are imported for use against the domestic population . '' https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` U.S. interventions in the Middle East and the vaunted Arab Spring have proved to be pure hell for Arab Christians . Truth be told , it is in part because of us that Christianity is on its way to being exterminated in its cradle . Happy Easter ! '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/XFrX9kyhBw
`` A showdown at the border with Donald Trump is exactly the kind of media spectacle that could rally voters to the GOP . Washington Democrats had better hope those migrants—who , note well , aren ’ t war refugees—don ’ t get anywhere near the US border . '' https : //t.co/2FyPuoTMcG
TAC editor Bob Merry : The European elite has turned self-hatred into a virtue . https : //t.co/yuJ4PC6O7J
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/8ZHE5raR1d
`` If you are a Christian who is not prepared to be despised and exiled from elite social and professional circles over your faith , then your faith won ’ t be strong enough to withstand what ’ s here , and what ’ s to come . '' https : //t.co/kq9vqcwAfX
God 's love is so much more than the feel-good preachers understand . These books make it more real . Dreher : https : //t.co/oivhasJpjU
`` Traditional conservatives recognized that war is the primary cause of overweening government in human history ; thus , they promoted peace . '' https : //t.co/FbWIXAkWQE
Happy Easter ! !
Thoughts on the tragic , complicated history of Ireland : https : //t.co/sUjiEERBz9
`` U.S. interventions in the Middle East and the vaunted Arab Spring have proved to be pure hell for Arab Christians . Truth be told , it is in part because of us that Christianity is on its way to being exterminated in its cradle . Happy Easter ! '' https : //t.co/XFrX9kgGcW
`` It wasn ’ t until I became a Catholic as an adult that I really understood that Easter was a bigger theological deal than Christmas . I had been catechized by the commercial culture . '' https : //t.co/FeFY8Kagc2
`` The great virtue of conservatism is that it begins with a realistic assessment of human motivations . '' https : //t.co/f77eJDleVJ
How war might produce tyranny at home : `` Interventions end , the interveners come home , and the practices employed on foreign soil are imported for use against the domestic population . '' https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` If there is one lesson to be learned from the past decade , `` it isn ’ t just that the mythical 'center ' will no longer hold . It ’ s that there may no longer be a center for any of us to hold on to . '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sXMcnx
The first science fiction dystopia was a takedown of extreme egalitarianism : https : //t.co/GobRryafq3
Dreher 's thoughts on rising out of poverty : `` My mom , born in 1943 into poverty , loves loves loves convenience foods , and can not for the life of her understand why her son prefers to cook things the old fashioned way . '' https : //t.co/iQTzGXtxTk
`` If the globe is a 70-inch television , Sully Place or even Chantilly is a pixel or two . But for tens of millions of people , that tiny dot is also home . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX
`` Does hell exist ? Are souls that die in mortal sin damned to hell for all eternity ? Does the pope accept this belief ? Is this still the infallible teaching of the Roman Catholic Church ? '' https : //t.co/aIfJnWxFRc
`` There would be no diplomatic track to speak of with North Korea were it not for the efforts of President Moon , and Trump repays him with a very public threat of extortion . '' https : //t.co/rLjS6aghEa
`` The teaching that Jesus arose from the dead on Easter , and ascended into heaven 40 days later , is basic Christianity . You ought to know this as a matter of elementary cultural literacy . '' https : //t.co/Hekk6kS5XG
`` Those churches that assimilate the Sexual Revolution are going to die . Those that do not are going to pay a heavy price , but they will survive , because they will have been faithful . '' https : //t.co/YDMHv2BqY6
`` The case of these Iranian Christians makes a mockery of the administration ’ s own rhetoric about protecting religious minorities . '' https : //t.co/2kX315AO5G
`` When in history have we seen a civilization turn on itself with such savagery as we see in the West today ? What civilizations of the past or present have repudiated themselves and their cultural foundations with such focused intent ? '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
Gaza under blockade : `` When people protest against these conditions , they are shot with live ammunition . '' https : //t.co/O8VdUCrCDF
`` 'Through our study and our faith life , we have both settled on a very conservative interpretation of the faith . Far more conservative than our local parish . More conservative , even , than our diocese . ' '' https : //t.co/Iut85bipQ1
`` We begin to believe the lie : we were made for this bleak , hostile , hurting world . We were made for death and destruction . But no . '' https : //t.co/pC0YOUu241
`` Back in 2004-05 , my oldest child was beginning to listen to the homilies at mass , and I found I was fairly often having to teach him on the drive home that what Father had preached that day was not what the Catholic Church teaches . '' https : //t.co/sxln74fbDh
`` If you went to all the Holy Week services our parish did offer ( 11 services in seven days , if you count Palm Sunday ) , you would have been in church for over 20 hours . '' https : //t.co/coTBU2T0UC
`` War is the most prominent cause of the massive welfare state that has been erected in the United States . Both taxes and spending as we know them today—Leviathan ’ s head and tail—spring from the warfare state . '' https : //t.co/FbWIXAkWQE
`` Never Trumpers are not so secretly celebrating . They got the president they thought they didn ’ t want . And now , pretending they still don ’ t want him , they can hardly believe their good fortune . '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yTMRl
`` Locavorism speaks to something deeper than a desire for quality food : 'We never feel connected to our moment , we ’ re always busy . But when people come to buy cheese at the farm , I can see their blood pressure drop . ' '' https : //t.co/IgUyGRdZk4
`` Does hell exist ? Are souls that die in mortal sin damned to hell for all eternity ? Does the pope accept this belief ? Is this still the infallible teaching of the Roman Catholic Church ? '' https : //t.co/aIfJnWg4sC
`` Modern people who are lost in the cosmos pick up all kinds of self-help manuals in search of guidance , or , if they are Christian , buy books bubbling over with godly therapeutic psychobabble . Don ’ t do it . Take up and read Dante . '' https : //t.co/nYtdMhzq1v
`` Which conception of nationhood is at play here ? The 'benign ' civic or cultural one , or the 'dangerous ' ethnic one ? '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZvWkw
Take a Benedict Option from big tech . No religion required : https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` Unlike the Jacobites , we don ’ t wait in vain . Christ our King will return on Easter , more glorious than when He was driven out . '' https : //t.co/qPwqk2TuEZ
If conservatives care about family , they also have to care about community : https : //t.co/3BX76XvkYh
`` If the globe is a 70-inch television , Sully Place or even Chantilly is a pixel or two . But for tens of millions of people , that tiny dot is also home . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/n3YJlqKow4
The craziness of the left will sabotage reasonable gun reform . Dreher : https : //t.co/oX2WZ6Vig1
Thoughts on rising out of poverty : `` My mom , born in 1943 into poverty , loves loves loves convenience foods , and can not for the life of her understand why her son prefers to cook things the old fashioned way . '' https : //t.co/iQTzGXL8KS
`` Expanding birthrates with their accompanying water , carbon , and nitrogen demands , evident atmospheric disruption , and the profound global desire to sustain and extend industrial standards of living , all intrude on the fun . '' https : //t.co/PvsolhmYBb
RT @ gracyolmstead : How do you rest when your hopes and dreams are lying in a grave ?

Re-sharing a piece I wrote four years ago on Holy Sat…
`` Where is our Great Neoconservative Foreign Policy Thinker and his or her magnum opus ? '' There is n't one : https : //t.co/KvNzIluQCB
The first science fiction dystopia was a takedown of extreme egalitarianism : https : //t.co/GobRryafq3
`` If there ’ s one lesson to be learned from the past decade , `` it isn ’ t just that the mythical 'center ' will no longer hold . It ’ s that there may no longer be a center for any of us to hold on to . '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7
`` The premise of the Benedict Option is that humans can will a different world into existence . We don ’ t have to be watching a slow-motion car accident from the passenger seat . We can get out of the car . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjoojP
How war produces authoritarianism at home : `` Interventions end , the interveners come home , and the practices employed on foreign soil are imported for use against the domestic population . '' https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` If you are a Christian who is not prepared to be despised and exiled from elite social and professional circles over your faith , then your faith won ’ t be strong enough to withstand what ’ s here , and what ’ s to come . '' https : //t.co/kq9vqcwAfX
`` Our ancestors in the faith didn ’ t give up little things like chocolate—they gave up whole meals and all animal products . Lent is supposed to last for six weeks , not for three minutes until your Snickers craving subsides . '' https : //t.co/qPwqk2TuEZ
`` The great virtue of conservatism is that it begins with a realistic assessment of human motivations . '' https : //t.co/f77eJDCQkj
The European elite has turned self-hatred into a virtue . Bob Merry : https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
`` The grinding , uncertain lives of poor Americans today is a problem that new shoes and air conditioning won ’ t solve . '' https : //t.co/AoHYsZDdv2
`` If you limit your exposure to the students , you limit the opportunities they have to accuse you of racism , sexism , homophobia , or any of the other sins against the Holy Zeitgeist . '' https : //t.co/9ePLGPzzQw
`` It was World War I that led to the income tax replacing tariffs and excise taxes as the federal government ’ s primary form of taxation . '' https : //t.co/FbWIXA3ls4
The restoration of a once-struggling neighborhood : `` Years of incremental development brought it to where it is today . There was no trolley that brought it there . '' https : //t.co/9Wct6rw52v
`` There is a division inside Catholicism that is widening , between a third world and traditional church that are growing , and a mainstream Church in Europe and here that is taking on aspects of the Anglican Church of the 20th century . '' https : //t.co/aIfJnWxFRc
`` Is sex the linchpin of Christian cultural order ? Is it really the case that to cast off Christian teaching on sex and sexuality is to remove the factor that gives—or gave—Christianity its power as a social force ? '' https : //t.co/aLtX11GPdv
`` Only in the West is there any perceived need to produce a document such as the Paris Statement , a call for the kind of cultural devotion and civilizational identity that are natural and well established in all the other civilizations of the world today . '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PC6O7J
`` Isn ’ t that bizarre ? The only thing to be done is to throw this device away , because it would be less expensive to buy a new one than to fix the old one . That is affluence . '' https : //t.co/r6MgpPTaWv
https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7 https : //t.co/j45R63ZWxF
`` It is truly bizarre that someone running for office in Utah of all places apparently doesn ’ t recall that the U.S. took vast territories from Native Americans and Mexico by force in the 19th century . '' https : //t.co/Q2OWMwlCeg
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/PvsolhmYBb https : //t.co/vbAdo2wbJ8
What happens when you 're more faithfully Catholic than the Church ? https : //t.co/Iut85b0Orr
`` Back in 2004-05 , my oldest child was beginning to listen to the homilies at mass , and I found I was fairly often having to teach him on the drive home that what Father had preached that day was not what the Catholic Church teaches . '' https : //t.co/sxln74wN1R
`` In order to make sure that no one ever waits five minutes for a spot , we pave over double or triple the amount of land that is really needed , and mostly never use it for anything . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX
https : //t.co/qPwqk2TuEZ https : //t.co/3DceZjeglB
There are awards for stuff like this . We need more prizes for good architecture : https : //t.co/Gb5lgslU2V https : //t.co/Nsk5r8UpIz
https : //t.co/aIfJnWg4sC https : //t.co/HKdG737irD
https : //t.co/9Wct6rNFU3 https : //t.co/6XKTFeuNTs
`` Just wait till all these kids who were rushed into hormones and surgeries get to be in their 30s , and start breaking down . Malpractice lawsuits are going to make a lot of lawyers rich—but those messed-up patients will never be okay . '' https : //t.co/Xca4XTLSYQ
Time and again Trump talks tough , then signs the swamp 's priorities into law : https : //t.co/VbyD6yCbsL https : //t.co/4AirLJgKO1
https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh https : //t.co/hc2bPKmAvw
`` Now you have a professor who has to see students as potential destroyers of his career on spurious grounds ... .Everybody is potentially working for the secret police . '' https : //t.co/9ePLGPzzQw
`` To say that Bolton is intolerant of dissent and opposing views is not a 'smear , ' as his pathetic defenders would have it , but an accurate assessment of his overall record . '' https : //t.co/pCa9xrRBlk
`` We shouldn ’ t fear ethnic nationalism itself . And while it certainly isn ’ t proper everywhere , it isn ’ t everywhere improper . To condemn it as evil is to condemn states like Lithuania . '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZvWkw
`` The Washington Post even went so far as to call Ms. Yo-jong North Korea ’ s answer to Ivanka Trump ( just ignore the fact she is the DPRK ’ s assistant head of the Ministry of Propaganda and Agitation ) . '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7
`` At first the Revolution seemed benign . And yet Burke espied its lurking malignancy . Similarly , the EU of today is new and avowedly benign—but what will come next ? '' https : //t.co/CUVZ9bYAhD
`` Can food localism be a viable business , as well as the crux of community ? Several examples suggest it can . '' https : //t.co/IgUyGRvAIE
`` It is heady , often confusing stuff , especially for Western Christians for whom the concept of 'theosis ' has been downplayed or forgotten over the centuries . '' https : //t.co/nYtdMhR0T3
`` In ages past , come Holy Week , the body would have been ravaged by fasting . That ’ s the point of Mardi Gras , after all : one last night of self-indulgence before starving oneself over a month and a half . '' https : //t.co/qPwqk3b63z
This is n't how you make strong neighborhoods and transit systems : https : //t.co/9Wct6rNFU3
The confusion in the Catholic Church matters for everyone , even non-Catholics . https : //t.co/7thGQAMO8k
`` Americans intuitively know that the real danger to their safety is not along the Pakistan-Afghanistan border ; it ’ s along the U.S.-Mexico border . '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yCbsL
`` When in history have we seen a civilization turn on itself with such savagery as we see in the West today ? What civilizations of the past or present have repudiated themselves and their cultural foundations with such focused intent ? '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
`` The rules are constantly changing , and what defines bigotry is in the mind of the person whose feelings determine truth . It ’ s much safer to stay silent , and only speak to those you trust . This is simply reality . '' https : //t.co/9ePLGPRaI4
Romney 's U.S. history fantasy allows him to believe that America `` is somehow immune to the temptations of power that other powerful nations have experienced . '' https : //t.co/Q2OWMwDd5O
`` Those churches that assimilate the Sexual Revolution are going to die . Those that do not are going to pay a heavy price , but they will survive , because they will have been faithful . '' https : //t.co/YDMHv2BqY6
`` It is truly bizarre that someone running for office in Utah of all places apparently doesn ’ t recall that the U.S. took vast territories from Native Americans and Mexico by force in the 19th century . '' https : //t.co/Q2OWMwlCeg
`` This week , our Black & amp ; Decker rice cooker quit working . 'How do we get it fixed ? ' I asked Julie . 'You don ’ t , ' she said . 'Nobody fixes those things anymore . It ’ s cheaper to get a new one . ' '' https : //t.co/iQTzGXL8KS
`` Is sex the linchpin of Christian cultural order ? Is it really the case that to cast off Christian teaching on sex and sexuality is to remove the factor that gives—or gave—Christianity its power as a social force ? '' https : //t.co/aLtX11pdOV
https : //t.co/XS1EpU5zff https : //t.co/kxkcDFeG8U
One thriving neighborhood : `` Years of incremental development brought it to where it is today . There was no trolley that brought it there . '' https : //t.co/9Wct6rw52v
`` Donald Trump ’ s presidency is best summed up by The Bard : 'Full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . ' '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yTMRl
`` If you limit your exposure to the students , you limit the opportunities they have to accuse you of racism , sexism , homophobia , or any of the other sins against the Holy Zeitgeist . '' https : //t.co/9ePLGPRaI4
The European elite has turned civilizational self-hatred into a virtue . https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
`` Our ancestors in the faith didn ’ t give up little things like chocolate—they gave up whole meals and all animal products . Lent is supposed to last for six weeks , not for three minutes until your Snickers craving subsides . '' https : //t.co/qPwqk3b63z
How war produces authoritarianism at home : `` Interventions end , the interveners come home , and the practices employed on foreign soil are imported for use against the domestic population . '' https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` If there ’ s one lesson to be learned from the past decade , `` it isn ’ t just that the mythical 'center ' will no longer hold . It ’ s that there may no longer be a center for any of us to hold on to . '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7
`` Where is our Great Neoconservative Foreign Policy Thinker and his or her magnum opus ? '' As Trump says , it does n't exist folks . https : //t.co/KvNzIlMru9
`` Cops ’ mission is to keep us safe , if necessary at risk to themselves . That mission requires that their interactions with almost all citizens be unthreatening because otherwise their information dries up , and they can not prevent crime . '' https : //t.co/M0vm85fcYa
`` My mom , born in 1943 into poverty , loves loves loves convenience foods , and can not for the life of her understand why her son prefers to cook things the old fashioned way . '' https : //t.co/iQTzGXtxTk
`` Children and teenagers who have grown up with this stuff are more miserable than ever before—they ’ re anxious , depressed , and suicidal in direct proportion to how much time they spend in front of screens . It ’ s only going to get worse . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` Which conception of nationhood is at play here ? The 'benign ' civic or cultural one , or the 'dangerous ' ethnic one ? '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY
Transit lines are not magic talismans . They have to be done right - and not like this : https : //t.co/9Wct6rw52v
`` Does hell exist ? Are souls that die in mortal sin damned to hell for all eternity ? Does the pope accept this belief ? Is this still the infallible teaching of the Roman Catholic Church ? '' https : //t.co/aIfJnWxFRc
Where did militarized police come from ? Foreign interventions . https : //t.co/rQU8brffMx
`` Never Trumpers are not so secretly celebrating . They got the president they thought they didn ’ t want . And now , pretending they still don ’ t want him , they can hardly believe their good fortune . '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yTMRl
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/p6oqi4AKXD
`` The indoctrination that has suffused European academic life , where 'cultural repudiation ' has become a cheap and easy way to demonstrate enlightenment and 'spiritual election . ' '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh
`` At the very height of the Muslim refugee flood welcomed into Germany by Angela Merkel , Peters stood up for the 'conservative ' chancellor because she was 'bad news for Putin . ' '' https : //t.co/dih6yAvfRC
RT @ MichaelDavisCH : My Holy Week reflection for @ amconmag . May you love Christ as deeply and unconditionally as the Jacobites loved the You…
Dreher : The reason same-sex marriage won so thoroughly , and so quickly is because all gays and lesbians asked for was the same thing that heterosexuals already granted themselves . https : //t.co/aLtX11GPdv
`` Expanding birthrates with their accompanying water , carbon , and nitrogen demands , evident atmospheric disruption , and the profound global desire to sustain and extend industrial standards of living , all intrude on the fun . '' https : //t.co/PvsolhmYBb
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ MichaelDavisCH : In times past , Lent was a ravaging , grueling time of fasting , ending with sublime joy . Maybe we can recapture some of that : https : //t.co/qPwqk3b63z https : //t.co/Enqhpq9QNz
`` Expanded access to consumer products is a good thing . But that doesn ’ t mean poverty is exaggerated by ungrateful whiners . '' https : //t.co/AoHYsZUOTC
The streets used to belong by law to everyone . Cars took them away - self-driving or not . https : //t.co/E4S5dMq5oq
Does Trump believe that mutually beneficial agreements between nations are possible ? Maybe not : https : //t.co/h5kb7h1uGb
`` Why would the region invest in such an unnecessary transit project ? Because it is not a transit investment at all . '' https : //t.co/9Wct6rw52v
`` There is a division inside Catholicism that is widening , between a third world and traditional church that are growing , and a mainstream Church in Europe and here that is taking on aspects of the Anglican Church of the 20th century . '' https : //t.co/aIfJnWxFRc https : //t.co/P96MCpV4xz
At best , objective journalism was a short-lived phenomenon of the Fifties . At worst , it was always a con . https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7
Time and again Trump talks tough , then signs the swamp 's priorities into law : https : //t.co/VbyD6yCbsL https : //t.co/wIXQ2eDF4s
`` 'These lands are our home , ' says the Statement , 'we have no other . Home is a place where things are familiar , and where we are recognized , however far we have wandered . This is the real Europe , our precious and irreplaceable civilization . ' '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh https : //t.co/u1m23u5Vjd
`` If you went to all the Holy Week services our parish did offer ( 11 services in seven days , if you count Palm Sunday ) , you would have been in church for over 20 hours . '' https : //t.co/coTBU2T0UC
Remember Blockbuster ? Google Maps remembers . https : //t.co/XS1EpU5zff https : //t.co/BFSP8MjVM8
`` In every meaningful way , conservatives are now the heterodox dissidents from a socio-cultural superstructure that enforces progressive norms . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` While billions of Christians worldwide observe Christ ’ s passion , any who might visit Google ’ s page are shown an idyllic scene of waterfalls and panda bears . '' https : //t.co/Ine1K3XXrB
`` The grinding , uncertain lives of poor Americans today is a problem that new shoes and air conditioning won ’ t solve . '' https : //t.co/AoHYsZUOTC
`` The great virtue of conservatism is that it begins with a realistic assessment of human motivations . '' https : //t.co/f77eJDCQkj
`` If you are a Christian who is not prepared to be despised and exiled from elite social and professional circles over your faith , then your faith won ’ t be strong enough to withstand what ’ s here , and what ’ s to come . '' https : //t.co/kq9vqceZop
NEW : Plopping down a transit line is n't a magic bullet for urban progress . `` Transit should first and foremost move people , not money . This project from the beginning and by every metric was designed to do the latter . '' https : //t.co/9Wct6rw52v https : //t.co/x7sWGhEzG1
`` When asked early in his papacy about the immorality of homosexuality , the pope parried the question : 'Who am I to judge ? ' But if not thee , who ? Is not the judging of right and wrong part of the job description ? '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/aIfJnWxFRc https : //t.co/kXmXh9YO9b
`` The words used are striking . The Act refers not to the people or the citizens but to the nation : it is the Lithuanian nation that asserts its rights and independence . '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZvWkw
NEW Ron Maxwell : `` For those who packed those campaign rallies , who wore those red 'Make America Great Again ' caps , and for the rest of us mere plebs , Donald Trump ’ s presidency is best summed up by The Bard : 'Full of sound and fury , signifying nothing . ' '' https : //t.co/VbyD6yTMRl https : //t.co/hYF5Nmj6SP
NEW from TAC editor Robert Merry on the decline of the West : `` What civilization has ever sought to repudiate its own culture and traditions as we do today ? '' https : //t.co/yuJ4PCooZh https : //t.co/ivDFxQaMxT
`` While left-leaning science-fiction writers and directors tend to be explicit in their political allegiances , we rarely see a display of right-wing credentials in the genre . '' Yet it was started by a conservative : https : //t.co/GobRryrQOD
`` The premise of the Benedict Option is that humans can will a different world into existence . We don ’ t have to be watching a slow-motion car accident from the passenger seat . We can get out of the car . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjoojP
`` To say that Bolton is intolerant of dissent and opposing views is not a 'smear , ' as his pathetic defenders would have it , but an accurate assessment of his overall record . '' https : //t.co/pCa9xrRBlk
`` Living in a post-9/11 world has shattered any inclination to view domestic life as separate from and unaffected by foreign policy . '' That 's a big problem , and it makes us less free : https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` A movement led by queer teenagers , demonizing white males , and puffed by New York media elites : the populist-themed NRA ads practically write themselves . '' https : //t.co/oX2WZ6DHot
`` Ethnic nationalism can be misused . But as the story of Lithuanian independence shows , it can also be a valuable force for freedom and happiness . '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZvWkw
The first science fiction dystopia was a takedown of extreme egalitarianism : https : //t.co/GobRryafq3
`` Trump has a zero-sum view of all agreements between states . '' https : //t.co/h5kb7gJThB
`` As with attempts to claim Wikileaks is espionage and not journalism , this particular use of FARA looks to be another instance of laws wielded to harass those with 'un-American ' opinions . '' https : //t.co/n12gWBKZOU
Ethnic nationalism is n't as bad as you think . It is n't even always bad : https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY
`` Who benefits from this confusion ? ... .Francis is winking . '' https : //t.co/iX7CUyTbgn
`` The danger of gear that militarizes the police is to the police themselves and their ability to perform their mission . '' https : //t.co/sX9roDZyxZ
`` The premise of the Benedict Option is that humans can will a different world into existence . We don ’ t have to be watching a slow-motion car accident from the passenger seat . We can get out of the car . '' Not Dreher : https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
Conservative Christians `` are fighting the culture war moralistically , not cosmologically . '' https : //t.co/YDMHv2BqY6
An important new book explains how wars abroad create dangerous opportunities for social control at home : https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` Ask yourself : if you call white men who own guns 'terrorists ' as part of a broad anti-gun movement , just how likely do you think those gun-owning white men ( and the women who are their wives , mothers , and daughters ) are to sympathize with your cause ? '' https : //t.co/oX2WZ6DHot
`` Yet while left-leaning science-fiction writers and directors tend to be explicit in their political allegiances , we rarely see a display of right-wing credentials in the genre . '' It was started by a conservative : https : //t.co/GobRryrQOD
https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY https : //t.co/C9G0nybq8U
`` Trump ’ s obvious determination to scrap the deal has always been based on two things : his desire to repudiate anything that could be considered part of Obama ’ s legacy , and his reflexive hostility to Iran . '' https : //t.co/h5kb7h1uGb
https : //t.co/FD7jEobGbb https : //t.co/CJfLVtVtOA
https : //t.co/jlWeuHcJ0G https : //t.co/8ZfiNQsV9V
`` Peters , who spent the better part of that last 15 years in lockstep with Fox ’ s support for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , is suddenly marching to a different tune . '' https : //t.co/dih6yAvfRC
https : //t.co/rQU8brffMx https : //t.co/lY8l72jkmM
https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7 https : //t.co/5y8uiZ7hPQ
`` Expanding birthrates with their accompanying water , carbon , and nitrogen demands , evident atmospheric disruption , and the profound global desire to sustain and extend industrial standards of living , all intrude on the fun . '' https : //t.co/Pvsolh5nJD
`` If we ’ re not doing expressive individualism , what will we do instead ? That question is going to get answered . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
The craziness of the left will sabotage reasonable gun reform . Dreher : https : //t.co/oX2WZ6DHot
Yes , it does take a village : https : //t.co/3BX76XdJzH
`` The reason same-sex marriage won so thoroughly , and so quickly is because all gays and lesbians asked for was the same thing that heterosexuals already granted themselves . '' https : //t.co/YDMHv2T1PE
The story of a midcentury discount chain , and so many others : `` Vornado discovered that the land was worth much more than the actual stores , and liquidated and shuttered the company , finally renaming itself Vornado Realty Trust . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt
He was a disaster on the economy - and a prophet on foreign relations : https : //t.co/QA3PYz4AXR
`` Which conception of nationhood is at play here ? The 'benign ' civic or cultural one , or the 'dangerous ' ethnic one ? '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY
`` The death penalty doesn ’ t even deter 'normal ' criminal activity , so we shouldn ’ t expect it to stop drug trafficking when there ’ s so much money to be made . '' https : //t.co/AZ9k1NU1Ms
`` Cops ’ mission is to keep us safe , if necessary at risk to themselves . That mission requires that their interactions with almost all citizens be unthreatening because otherwise their information dries up , and they can not prevent crime . '' https : //t.co/sX9roDZyxZ
Where did militarized police come from ? Foreign interventions . https : //t.co/OEOZ9BblEi
`` It isn ’ t just campus leftists or Tea Partiers who are hitting the censor button . '' It 's everybody , because maybe objective journalism has always been a farce . https : //t.co/Xdd2sXMcnx
`` Where is our Great Neoconservative Foreign Policy Thinker and his or her magnum opus ? '' It does n't exist . https : //t.co/KvNzIlMru9
`` This week , our Black & amp ; Decker rice cooker quit working . 'How do we get it fixed ? ' I asked Julie . 'You don ’ t , ' she said . 'Nobody fixes those things anymore . It ’ s cheaper to get a new one ' '' . https : //t.co/iQTzGXL8KS
`` The coalition bombing campaign overall hits civilian targets with remarkable frequency that makes a mockery of the idea that they are trying to limit the harm done to noncombatants . '' We help them . https : //t.co/mR4IOHGdjv
`` Space fantasies sidestep Malthusian premonitions amid an increasingly slummy , fetid , urban planet ... .They allow us to say goodbye to resource fights , predatory migrations , tribalism , and war . '' https : //t.co/PvsolhmYBb
Take a Benedict Option from big tech . No religion required : https : //t.co/TltnBjoojP
`` On the technical front , 'Wrinkl'e does have some redeeming qualities ... .But at bottom , 'Wrinkle ' is a profoundly uninspired product of modern mass culture . '' https : //t.co/CBA0Gjgb1J
If John Bolton changes everything about himself , he might be okay : https : //t.co/mSZTEbN0X4
`` It ’ s an understatement of biblical proportions to say that a lot of water has yet to flow under the proverbial bridge between now and November . '' https : //t.co/jlWeuHcJ0G
`` Fear and crisis , both perceived and real , creates 'space for government to expand the scope of its powers and adopt the techniques of state-produced social control that it has developed and honed abroad . ' '' https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ
`` Why would Pyongyang , having seen us attack Iraq , which had no WMD , and Libya , which had given up its WMD to mollify us , ever consider giving up its nuclear weapons ? '' https : //t.co/UqhP2boKWj
Objective journalism was a short-lived midcentury innovation bookended by bias and politicization . https : //t.co/Xdd2sXMcnx
`` What all sides agree on , then , is that ethnic nationalism is inherently objectionable and dangerous . But events in Eastern Europe less than three decades ago teach that such a judgment is hasty and unreasonable . '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY
`` You can plunk down a couple hundred for a life-sized cactus-shaped urn or Egyptian-esque cat statue if you want , but it ’ s not going to be an heirloom or an antique . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p
`` Continetti , French , and Lowry are serious men who write about politics and society with insight , but when it comes to Mars and Musk , they sound like sci-fi fanboys . '' https : //t.co/PvsolhmYBb
`` The orthodox within Christian colleges will be savagely attacked by their colleagues within these colleges because their orthodoxy will be correctly seen as a threat to the colleges ’ continued viability . '' https : //t.co/kq9vqceZop
`` If safe mobility requires purchasing a two-ton vehicle to get around , are we really as free as we imagine ? '' https : //t.co/VzGoNKlVDw
`` The healing love of God . The phrase makes me cringe because the feel-good preachers of our time have voided the words of meaning . Yet , God ’ s love is a real thing , a force more radical than I had ever imagined . '' https : //t.co/oivhasJpjU
`` Pope Francis is attempting to make peace between the Church and the Sexual Revolution . '' https : //t.co/NcbX2E3B49
`` A movement led by queer teenagers , demonizing white males , and puffed by New York media elites : the populist-themed NRA ads practically write themselves . '' https : //t.co/oX2WZ6DHot
`` Here is a crucial distinction between an ethnic nationalism that aspires to national sovereignty and one that aims at national superiority . '' https : //t.co/YbF22ZvWkw
`` Living in a post-9/11 world has shattered any inclination to view domestic life as separate from and unaffected by foreign policy . '' https : //t.co/rQU8brffMx
Is Herbert Hoover the greatest national security president ? https : //t.co/5ik9clE185
What 's their future ? https : //t.co/jlWeuHukpg https : //t.co/4kcuZXxTTS
Today in interesting DC architecture ( spoiler : our office is in here ! ) : https : //t.co/g5aRFAWG3d
`` A so-called 'Fairness Doctrine ' and 'objective ' newspaper reporting could only have existed in a conformist Mad Men world where societal norms of what was ( and wasn ’ t ) acceptable in the postwar Great Society operated by consensus . '' https : //t.co/Xdd2sXMcnx
`` 'If Christianity is ever going to make a comeback in the West , we need to avoid instilling young converts with a rosy vision of the faith that will leave them unprepared for the very real and human failings they will encounter within the church . ' '' https : //t.co/COlykqZhxG
`` When he was under secretary of state for arms control and international security , Bolton executed a complex and devious strategy aimed at creating the justification for a U.S. attack on Iran . '' https : //t.co/cmxEo5F8KO
`` The lack of meaningful work and a secure social position can be worse than low wages or high consumer prices . '' https : //t.co/AoHYsZDdv2
TAC Afternoon Edition : Ethnic nationalism is n't as bad as you think . It is n't even always bad : https : //t.co/YbF22ZelsY https : //t.co/DQ4o2LNwTi
`` When the new pope spoke of wanting a less judgmental church , I had no idea what he meant . In my American experience , the church seemed unwilling to pass judgment at all . '' https : //t.co/oivhasJpjU
`` One of the most important things to understand about these kinds of protests is that they ’ re a lot of fun . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
The problem is not self-driving cars . The problem is a culture that prioritizes driver convenience over pedestrian lives . https : //t.co/E4S5dMHGfY
The death penalty will make drug traffickers even more violent . https : //t.co/FD7jEobGbb
Watch the 'Trump Country ' Dems . How do you think the races will go ? https : //t.co/jlWeuHukpg https : //t.co/aNGbV15HyA
`` Although conservatives routinely criticize Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’ s New Deal for ushering in the era of big government , the deeper origins of the American welfare state lie in the warfare state . '' https : //t.co/FbWIXA3ls4
The origins of police militarization `` lie in the foreign interventions of the Progressive Era , specifically in the Philippines . '' It 's not the only anti-liberty outcome of war . https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ https : //t.co/i6jz9LeBB9
`` The current furor over The Atlantic 's hiring of Kevin Williamson only underscores that it isn ’ t just campus leftists or Tea Partiers who are hitting the censor button . '' @ CaitlinPacific @ HeerJeet @ conor64 @ PeterBeinart @ JHWeissmann https : //t.co/Xdd2sXMcnx https : //t.co/vAtaQKquj2
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : great show with @ RobLorei and still going on ! https : //t.co/cVpYCtevAg
`` It is not the Pope ’ s fault if he is misquoted . It is very much the Pope ’ s fault if he continues to meet with a journalist who misquotes him ... .Any confusion that results is entirely Francis ’ s fault . '' https : //t.co/iX7CUyBzRN
`` When it comes to the field of international relations , neoconservatism has failed to produce any great thinkers . '' https : //t.co/KvNzIlMru9
`` You ’ ll have to work hard to come up with an image that would be more effective at motivating the other side in the gun issue . '' https : //t.co/oX2WZ6Vig1 https : //t.co/MFCKdSWh0w
Do you want to be liable to accusations of treason for watching the wrong news channels ? https : //t.co/n12gWBtoXm
People are suddenly realizing that foreign governments are taking full advantage of our Washington swamp https : //t.co/DgMVOWfDXI
# MBS # SaudiCrownPrince https : //t.co/WUJh6yn9QC
`` The lack of meaningful work and a secure social position can be worse than low wages or high consumer prices . '' https : //t.co/AoHYsZUOTC
`` Like so many traditionalists of the 20th century , Russell Amos Kirk revered his grandfather while dismissing his father . '' https : //t.co/uLWw4inxir
There 's so much money in the drug trade , even the death penalty is a price they can absorb . https : //t.co/FD7jEobGbb
RT @ dolphinfish55 : This one is getting added to the to-read list .
The Anti-Liberty Boomerang of U.S. Militarism | The American Conservati…
NEW from Ron Faucheux : `` Conventional wisdom tells us that an anti-Republican storm is brewing in the midterm elections and will hit on November 6 when America votes . But how likely is it that this will actually happen ? '' https : //t.co/jlWeuHukpg https : //t.co/7VuyYyFj07
Ross Douthat : `` When can tradition change ? How much do we trust the church ’ s interpretations of Jesus ? How much do we trust the gospels ? How much do we trust Jesus himself ? '' https : //t.co/zv4xXdMPw9
NEW @ JerrodALaber reviews an important new book on how wars abroad create dangerous opportunities for social control at home : https : //t.co/rQU8bqXEUZ https : //t.co/Ff6szKwM3j
NEW @ TellyDavidson : `` Fair and balanced '' was an mid-20th century marketing tool and really , a confabulation of the times . Objective journalism may never have existed , and may not be possible : https : //t.co/Xdd2sY3NM7 https : //t.co/RaATIwnRNE
`` Not only will the death penalty not deter drug traffickers , it could have unintended consequences as more innocent people are coerced into smuggling drugs . '' https : //t.co/FD7jEnU4MB
`` There is only one reason for condemning cruelty that doesn ’ t beg the question of exactly why cruelty is a wrong , a vice , or bad for our character : that the act of cruelty is an intrinsic evil . '' https : //t.co/f77eJDleVJ
`` It ’ s a show of both neocon strength and Trump impressionability that a mere year and a half later the most warmongering personality in Washington has already clambered all the way up to national security advisor . '' https : //t.co/A033tohl1K
`` 'I suspect that the relative 'isolation ' of Poland ( Lithuania too ) behind the Iron Curtain , rather protected it from many of the wilder excesses of the immediate post-Vatican II era . ' '' https : //t.co/gGQk1M3LYo
Elon Musk is a mesmerizing marketer . `` According to investors who have seen him in action , he is smart , convincing , brash—and quick to change the subject when his financials or timelines are challenged . '' https : //t.co/Pvsolh5nJD
The problem is not self-driving cars . The problem is a culture that prioritizes driver convenience over pedestrian lives . https : //t.co/E4S5dMHGfY
NEW Fauxheux : These 5 Democrats could be the key to Republicans keeping their majority in the Senate this fall https : //t.co/6LFAYvN8rp https : //t.co/4ghuC2auy3
`` When it comes to the field of international relations , neoconservatism has failed to produce any great thinkers . '' https : //t.co/KvNzIluQCB
NPR reports : `` Christian colleges who hold on to Biblical teaching on homosexuality are facing serious legal challenges , as well as challenges from a huge cultural shift among young Americans . '' https : //t.co/kq9vqcwAfX
`` Space fantasies allow us to say goodbye to resource fights , predatory migrations , tribalism , and war . We ’ re going to Mars ! '' https : //t.co/Pvsolh5nJD
Was he right ? https : //t.co/v5bgh2lcox https : //t.co/M1kyVxXHPG
`` Malpractice lawsuits are going to make a lot of lawyers rich—but those messed-up patients will never be okay . '' https : //t.co/Xca4XTuhAg
`` The March for Lifers and the March for Our Lives-ers , the disciples of Emma Gonzalez and the ones who drive four hours to attend a Trump rally—now sees the other as a satanic death cult . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTqlfhF
Do you want a model for restrained foreign policy ? Rediscover Herbert Hoover : https : //t.co/QA3PYzmcmr
`` Why would Pyongyang , having seen us attack Iraq , which had no WMD , and Libya , which had given up its WMD to mollify us , ever consider giving up its nuclear weapons ? '' https : //t.co/UqhP2b79xJ
Maybe you should do this : https : //t.co/A9AS7vY1cd https : //t.co/1FSa88iqmh
`` Cultural conservatives have much more in common with the steelworkers of Youngstown , Ohio , or the farmers of rural China than they do with investment bankers on Wall Street or service workers linked to the global economy in Palo Alto . '' https : //t.co/0ek7wZg0S7
https : //t.co/FD7jEnU4MB https : //t.co/bGdJyjcQQ0
Ross Douthat : `` When can tradition change ? How much do we trust the church ’ s interpretations of Jesus ? How much do we trust the gospels ? How much do we trust Jesus himself ? '' https : //t.co/zv4xXdMPw9
https : //t.co/QA3PYzmcmr https : //t.co/Bc27azmDqN
https : //t.co/mSZTEc4BOC https : //t.co/faitjyBdk4
`` Like so many traditionalists of the 20th century , Russell Amos Kirk revered his grandfather while dismissing his father . '' https : //t.co/uLWw4inxir
https : //t.co/Pvsolh5nJD https : //t.co/QTYVFolFv1
`` We are told that the married couple lives 'happily ever after'—without ever understanding what happiness in this 'ever after ' might entail . '' https : //t.co/3BX76XvkYh
https : //t.co/NcbX2DM0cB https : //t.co/RaAP6IWz2V
`` This week , our Black & amp ; Decker rice cooker quit working . 'How do we get it fixed ? ' I asked Julie . 'You don ’ t , ' she said . 'Nobody fixes those things anymore . It ’ s cheaper to get a new one . ' '' https : //t.co/iQTzGXL8KS
`` War makes government expand rapidly at home , even in areas outside of national security . '' One more reason for conservatives to avoid it : https : //t.co/FbWIXA3ls4
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt https : //t.co/2c8DnwNHug
. @ TCBurrus : Donald Trump needs to know that this is n't the Philippines and he is n't Duterte https : //t.co/8cAQjV40VH @ CatoInstitute
@ LucyStag @ SanhoTree
`` One of the most important things to understand about these kinds of protests is that they ’ re a lot of fun . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTqlfhF
Those who ( rightly ) argue for less Pentagon funding sometimes sound ignorant of the facts . That needs to change . https : //t.co/Rsmw8FsQfr
Trump 's travel ban might kill a U.S. citizen . https : //t.co/Q3RqUEdFFG
NEW @ TellyDavidson : Why we just need to give up the ghost of 'objective journalism , ' a 20th Century confabulation that 's done no one any good https : //t.co/7bUcJ6jhrr https : //t.co/YMMKqR3Ow5
`` It ’ s unlikely that a seasoned drug dealer expects to live past 40 , so he probably thinks he might as well enjoy trafficking ’ s immense profits . '' https : //t.co/FD7jEobGbb
`` Outer space is not fun . Falcon Heavy does not make America great again . Continetti , French , and Lowry are serious men who write about politics and society with insight , but when it comes to Mars and Musk , they sound like sci-fi fanboys . '' https : //t.co/PvsolhmYBb
Bolton can succeed - if he reverses all his longstanding bad and dangerous habits . How likely ? https : //t.co/mSZTEc4BOC
`` Where is our Great Neoconservative Foreign Policy Thinker and his or her magnum opus ? '' It does n't exist . https : //t.co/KvNzIluQCB
NEW tonight : Five vulnerable Dems from # Trump country may be the break @ SenateGOP needs to keep majority , reports political oddsmaker Ron Faucheux https : //t.co/6LFAYvN8rp
@ RealClearNews @ LarrySabato https : //t.co/3p2gvQfxeP
`` Douthat tells a difficult truth that frankly deserves a book of its own : that neither the Catholic Left nor the Catholic Right has proven capable of preparing the Church to succeed in these times . '' https : //t.co/NcbX2E3B49
NEW : @ JerrodALaber on 'Tyranny Comes Home ' by @ MasonEconomics @ ccoyne1 & amp ; @ ProfAbbyHall @ UofTampa : 'Wars abroad present opportunities for dangerous social control at home ' https : //t.co/HXGrHGRmRD
Once upon a time , Northern Virginia had local and regional character . You can still find it if you look : https : //t.co/t6chTRzvaX
`` You want to know why Jordan Peterson is so popular ? Because he ’ s a grown-up who is not afraid to act like a grown-up . '' https : //t.co/2WVZGUhsg6 https : //t.co/QF8F9MnYK6
Madeleine L ’ Engle was accused of syncretism in `` A Wrinkle in Time . '' You can avoid that charge if you strip out religion altogether : https : //t.co/CBA0GjxMqj
`` These sprawling national and international conglomerates—whether McDonald ’ s or Ruby Tuesday or Wal-Mart or Toys 'R ' Us—are not so much stores or restaurants as they are corporations that happen to sell food or merchandise . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` Once they have the stability of housing , they can beat addiction , manage mental illness , seek more education , or find employment . Housing , critically , must come first . '' https : //t.co/WBijZvByw3
`` Washington , in an unintended show of bipartisan unity , has consistently misapprehended America ’ s power to achieve regime change . '' And not only in Syria . https : //t.co/vsV1amoG79
This man told the surgeons to abort his sex change operation . They refused . https : //t.co/Xca4XTLSYQ
`` When evaluated against the restrained national security policy of the Constitution ’ s framers and more than a century of early practice , Hoover ’ s security policy was the best of any president in the 20th century . '' https : //t.co/QA3PYzmcmr
`` It can be difficult to cease fire , climb out of the foxhole , and try to reach peace with your enemies . This is , of course , precisely what John Bolton needs to do . '' https : //t.co/mSZTEbN0X4
`` Although conservatives routinely criticize Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’ s New Deal for ushering in the era of big government , the deeper origins of the American welfare state lie in the warfare state . '' https : //t.co/FbWIXA3ls4
This is not just for Catholics : https : //t.co/NcbX2DM0cB
The death penalty is `` viewed by traffickers as just another cost of doing business ... .If they lose the occasional employee to the death penalty , there will always be someone else willing to step up . '' https : //t.co/FD7jEobGbb
`` The rage that the Parkland students are articulating and channeling in their gun control protests seem to be energizing populist impulses among progressives . Pure economic populism is not going to cut it in either party . '' https : //t.co/CwgLSHSEbK
`` Just wait till all these kids who were rushed into hormones and surgeries get to be in their 30s , and start breaking down . Malpractice lawsuits are going to make a lot of lawyers rich—but those messed-up patients will never be okay . '' https : //t.co/Xca4XTuhAg
Americans love trains . So should conservatives : https : //t.co/snpuxhiTk1
If you want North Korea to think twice about nukes , keep the Iran deal . https : //t.co/fR5Pz0c6aX
From the archives : One of the most conservative states in the union gives away housing to the homeless , and it might work : https : //t.co/WBijZvjX7t
`` The question of how to answer progressive cultural ascendancy has been answered by a flowering of conservative critiques . One idea amidst this intellectual foment seems to rise above all others : opt out . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` The lack of meaningful work and a secure social position can be worse than low wages or high consumer prices . '' https : //t.co/AoHYsZDdv2
`` Going back to the future by re-adopting Hoover-style 'independent internationalism ' is the only way to ensure that the United States will retain its great power status for a long time to come . '' https : //t.co/QA3PYzmcmr
Bolton tried to have an intelligence analyst fired because he called out Bolton on an exaggeration . https : //t.co/mSZTEc4BOC
`` I ’ ve come to see the NRA as the right-wing Planned Parenthood . Both organizations are immensely powerful in Washington , and both advocate for unlimited access to something a significant majority of Americans agree should be at least somewhat restricted . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTqlfhF
`` Musk turned what could have been a majestic event into a cheesy marketing stunt . '' That 's basically his MO : https : //t.co/Pvsolh5nJD
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/cTxWnkAuUs
`` This is a book about the most important religious story of our time : the fate of the world ’ s largest religious institution under a pope who believes that Roman Catholicism can change in ways that his predecessors rejected . '' https : //t.co/NcbX2E3B49
RT @ TCBurrus : New in @ amconmag : the cruel insanity of imposing the death penalty on drug traffickers . https : //t.co/eIKjmRbsPk
`` Small neighborhood toy stores—the kind that Toys “ R ” Us ran out of business over the decades—are making a comeback . The kids like them better , but whether the fickle globalized economy will has yet to be seen . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` 'If Christianity is ever going to make a comeback in the West , we need to avoid instilling young converts with a rosy vision of the faith that will leave them unprepared for the very real and human failings they will encounter within the church . ' '' https : //t.co/COlykqZhxG
`` American Stalinism represented the abandonment of critical thinking in pursuit of truth—the intellectual ’ s proper function—in favor of a bizarre , if momentarily fashionable , ideological fetish . '' It never completely went away . https : //t.co/wUrtT68wz4
TAC Afternoon Edition : The death penalty for drug dealers is cruel . It also wo n't work : https : //t.co/FD7jEobGbb https : //t.co/O5AuCwYYN4
`` The orthodox within Christian colleges will be savagely attacked by their colleagues within these colleges because their orthodoxy will be correctly seen as a threat to the colleges ’ continued viability . '' https : //t.co/kq9vqceZop
`` If Native Americans had been able to limit the flow of European immigrants , they might have been able to preserve their land and cultures . '' https : //t.co/agMROqEEOK
Do n't just take it from Larison . Take it from the Yemeni people : https : //t.co/mkk6s2AlFv
`` Once the feds want to taint you as a foreign agent , you either agree and register or face jail time . '' https : //t.co/n12gWBKZOU
Hoover was a foreign policy noninterventionist , and a good example to follow : https : //t.co/QA3PYz4AXR https : //t.co/NA5UrxDX8f
`` Bolton can not afford to return to his worst impulses , whether it ’ s losing his cool , berating his colleagues , or threatening to fire someone for presenting an alternative intelligence assessment . '' https : //t.co/mSZTEc4BOC https : //t.co/uPlVqFQXx7
Trump 's travel ban might kill a U.S. citizen : https : //t.co/Q3RqUDW4O8
`` Trump doesn ’ t strike me as someone who takes unexpected bad news well . '' He should n't read the North Korean requirements to consider denuclearization , then . https : //t.co/exSoyVSI2u
`` Space fantasies allow us to say goodbye to resource fights , predatory migrations , tribalism , and war . We ’ re going to Mars ! Good luck and bonne chance . '' Those fantasies are also taxpayer-subsidized : https : //t.co/Pvsolh5nJD https : //t.co/kYE5kEV0Hf
. @ roddreher reviews @ DouthatNYT `` To Change the Church '' : `` Lay Catholics absolutely must read this book to understand the radical nature of what ’ s happening in Rome . '' https : //t.co/NcbX2DM0cB https : //t.co/HgRQS1Ij7d
Maybe you should be doing this : https : //t.co/TltnBjoojP https : //t.co/x0FN8vsjhi
Single family houses and romantic emotionalism do not a marriage make . https : //t.co/3BX76XvkYh
The `` Wrinkle '' movie inverts and trivializes the meaning of the story 's core scene . Spoilers ahead : https : //t.co/CBA0GjxMqj
`` When the Navy used consumer-based—basically Xbox—controllers on their Virginia-class submarines , they spent about $ 30 per control panel instead of $ 38,000 , and saved untold hours in training time . '' https : //t.co/Rsmw8FKr6Z
https : //t.co/agMROqEEOK https : //t.co/C5VeZ2q7rZ
`` When he was under secretary of state for arms control and international security , Bolton executed a complex and devious strategy aimed at creating the justification for a U.S. attack on Iran . '' https : //t.co/cmxEo5F8KO
`` Republicans are doing their utmost to kill Amtrak . Each year , they cut its budget further . They starve it of capital funds it needs to buy new cars so it can carry more people . '' https : //t.co/snpuxhiTk1
NEW from Ivan Eland @ IndependentInst : We all know about Hoover and the Depression . But : `` Hoover ’ s security policy was the best of any president in the 20th century , remains unsurpassed so far in the 21st , and stands as one of the best in American history . '' https : //t.co/QA3PYz4AXR https : //t.co/MuQrnrltiv
NEW from @ DanDePetris : We ca n't talk too much about Bolton . `` As dangerous as Bolton ’ s foreign policy views are , his cutthroat , take-no-prisoners approach to policymaking should be just as nerve-wracking . '' https : //t.co/mSZTEc4BOC https : //t.co/dqbAuPHlRh
This man told the surgeons to abort his sex change operation . They refused . https : //t.co/Xca4XTLSYQ
NEW from Gilbert Sewall : Elon Musk is a mesmerizing marketer . `` According to investors who have seen him in action , he is smart , convincing , brash—and quick to change the subject when his financials or timelines are challenged . '' https : //t.co/PvsolhmYBb https : //t.co/D8gdVoVXyI
NEW : From our print edition , @ roddreher reviews new @ DouthatNYT book on Pope Francis and the future of the Catholic Church : https : //t.co/NcbX2DM0cB https : //t.co/MXjWiP3f71
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : Gil Sewell takes iconoclastic swipe at # ElonMusk and his @ NRO 'fanboys ' : 'Falcon Heavy does not make America great again…
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : This will get you thinking this a.m. : @ Ivan_Eland argues that Herbert 'Great Depression ' Hoover had the best national se…
`` It will be interesting to see if the Cuomo-Nixon Democratic primary showdown becomes a Blue State version of the Alabama GOP contest between incumbent establishment pick Luther Strange and populist Judge Roy Moore . '' https : //t.co/CwgLSHB2Na
`` I may not always agree with these tough , traumatized , windmill-tilting kids , but I sure as hell admire them . They believe with every ounce of their being that they are fighting for their lives against forces that are nothing short of diabolical . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
`` Cultural conservatives have much more in common with the steelworkers of Youngstown , Ohio , or the farmers of rural China than they do with investment bankers on Wall Street or service workers linked to the global economy in Palo Alto . '' https : //t.co/0ek7wZg0S7
`` While society continues to drug itself into a tech-enabled stupor , conservatives can 're-norm ' the human connection . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` I ’ ve come to see the NRA as the right-wing Planned Parenthood . Both organizations are immensely powerful in Washington , and both advocate for unlimited access to something a significant majority of Americans agree should be at least somewhat restricted '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
`` You can have your fingernails pulled out with pliers by an agent of the state , or you can have a male interrupt you . Pick your poison ; they ’ re equally deadly , according to Prof. Vasanthakumar of King ’ s College , London . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/IUr2CYgMHW
We should cut the defense budget . That means we have to know a lot more about it : https : //t.co/ShXqJUB4xC
`` American Stalinism represented the abandonment of critical thinking in pursuit of truth—the intellectual ’ s proper function—in favor of a bizarre , if momentarily fashionable , ideological fetish . '' https : //t.co/wUrtT5QVau
`` It ’ s as if the 1960s belief that youth are especially prophetic , and bearers of innocence and enlightenment , has gone nuclear . '' https : //t.co/2WVZGTZRoy
`` Forget self-sacrifice , 't is better to demand love than learn how to give it in this Hollywood aberration . '' https : //t.co/CBA0Gjgb1J
https : //t.co/xGoqUjDPT2
https : //t.co/Rsmw8FKr6Z https : //t.co/n1pQX9ZFJC
`` Streets were once understood to be public spaces all had equal right to use . '' Then cars came along . https : //t.co/E4S5dMHGfY
https : //t.co/CBA0GjxMqj https : //t.co/jWpXkQM3R8
https : //t.co/TltnBjoojP https : //t.co/GuzJpTRsvl
`` Stripped down to its basic elements , bitcoin is a classical fraud , a form of high-tech gaming that has captured the imagination of millions of greedy and gullible people around the globe . '' https : //t.co/CRVx86OjB1
https : //t.co/n12gWBtoXm https : //t.co/sh2w2BdYYi
`` The Democrats know that if the Census numbers count non-citizens , it will give Democrats more power when it comes to redistricting . '' https : //t.co/ShXqJUB4xC
https : //t.co/UqhP2boKWj https : //t.co/bS4eMqYcgz
`` 'If Christianity is ever going to make a comeback in the West , we need to avoid instilling young converts with a rosy vision of the faith that will leave them unprepared for the very real and human failings they will encounter within the church . ' '' https : //t.co/COlykqZhxG
`` The poor are more likely to suffer from 'diseases of affluence ' such as obesity and diabetes . Unlike the truly affluent , however , they can ’ t afford to have them treated . '' https : //t.co/iuZbL6tZ9v
`` Warmonger '' is the `` only appropriate name for someone who has spent almost his entire public career agitating for , promoting , and defending unnecessary wars of aggression . '' https : //t.co/DjVtr6tCCX
`` Small neighborhood toy stores—the kind that Toys “ R ” Us ran out of business over the decades—are making a comeback . The kids like them better , but whether the fickle globalized economy will has yet to be seen . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` Today ’ s realists see the neocons as wreaking havoc around the world , particularly in the Middle East . Exhibit A is Bush ’ s Iraq invasion . '' https : //t.co/wFAVvn9XhZ
NEW : Elon Musk is a government-subsidized pied piper who promises the universe at a time when we all need to come back to earth https : //t.co/MltH477H9t https : //t.co/1Ev4hJrQYY
`` The author who declared that it ’ s 'victory or holocaust ' in the war on terror and lauded George W. Bush as The Right Man may not be the right man to guide us through the particular dangers of this moment in history . '' https : //t.co/Cjk95aWTGL
NEW @ Ivan_Eland @ IndependentInst on why Herbert Hoover is the greatest national security president , maybe ever . https : //t.co/5ik9clE185 https : //t.co/cC7F5bp1UV
`` When the Navy used consumer-based—basically Xbox—controllers on their Virginia-class submarines , they spent about $ 30 per control panel instead of $ 38,000 , and saved untold hours in training time . '' https : //t.co/Rsmw8FsQfr
`` Americans who choose to watch that media , or participate in its talk shows , or who work legally for those outlets , open themselves to accusations of 'treason . ' '' https : //t.co/n12gWBtoXm
`` What 's the optimum distance between trees on a north/south street ? What 's the optimum ratio of building height to street width for creating a sense of place ? How wide must the sidewalks be to have a good transition between public space and private space ? '' https : //t.co/MR2dkDNV5O
`` The question of how to answer progressive cultural ascendancy has been answered by a flowering of conservative critiques . One idea amidst this intellectual foment seems to rise above all others : opt out . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` Why would Pyongyang , having seen us attack Iraq , which had no WMD , and Libya , which had given up its WMD to mollify us , ever consider giving up its nuclear weapons ? '' https : //t.co/UqhP2b79xJ
`` The March for Lifers and the March for Our Lives-ers , the disciples of Emma Gonzalez and the ones who drive four hours to attend a Trump rally—now sees the other as a satanic death cult . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
`` Washington , in an unintended show of bipartisan unity , has consistently misapprehended America ’ s power to achieve regime change , the vitality of the Assad system , the viability of a domestic opposition , and the prospects of Russian intervention . '' https : //t.co/vsV1amoG79
`` 'Cultural ' or 'nominal ' Christianity doesn ’ t get passed on to the next generation ... .The children , even if they were baptized and confirmed , would never have gotten a sufficient dose of Christianity at home to feel even a nominal sense of attachment . '' https : //t.co/gGQk1MlmPW
If you want North Korea to think twice about nukes , keep the Iran deal . https : //t.co/fR5Pz0tHzx
`` Republicans are doing their utmost to kill Amtrak . Each year , they cut its budget further . They starve it of capital funds it needs to buy new cars so it can carry more people . '' That 's a bad thing : https : //t.co/snpuxh1hVr
`` When he was under secretary of state for arms control and international security , Bolton executed a complex and devious strategy aimed at creating the justification for a U.S. attack on Iran . '' https : //t.co/cmxEo5F8KO
`` 'Don ’ t miss @ czar_nicholas_ 's great piece on 'The Secular Benedict Option ' . Even if you aren ’ t religious , the world is changing so radically , and so fast , that you are doing to need to do some serious separating for the sake of your sanity . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/wr5JjPCkAh
As written , the narrative of 'Wrinkle ' reflects the perpetual clash between absolute good and evil at the level of ultimate reality . The movie is jettisons metaphysical weight for self-acceptance . https : //t.co/CBA0Gjgb1J
`` Opt out . Quit holding on to power and accept the mantle of the counterculture . Focus on building your own communities so you can ride out the storm of expressive individualism . '' Not Dreher : https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp
`` The tipping point is referred to as hitting 'peak trans . ' Usually this involves an illogical or dangerous statement you simply can ’ t force yourself to accept . For me , it was that we could no longer say 'women ’ s health . ' Because 'men have uteruses . ' '' https : //t.co/ZSJaF8bCKN
`` The Foreign Agents Registration Act was never intended to regulate journalism . In fact , the legislation includes finely worded exemptions for journalists . '' https : //t.co/n12gWBKZOU
`` Fiscal hawk arguments about the Pentagon budget tend to be riddled with vague terms and ideological generalities , while defense hawks rattle off dozens of programs they argue must be fully funded . '' It should n't be that way . https : //t.co/Rsmw8FKr6Z
`` This problem is cyclical and self-enforcing—community needs committed households , and committed households need community . '' https : //t.co/3BX76XdJzH
`` The spirit that animates farmers markets and craft breweries and bars lighted with Edison bulbs may well come to breathe new life into ordinary retail . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt
`` Graham and Votel are to be commended for their no-nonsense effort to inform Americans about Washington ’ s failure to achieve the strategic objectives underlying the U.S. engagement in Syria these many years . '' https : //t.co/vsV1am75fB
`` You can have your fingernails pulled out with pliers by an agent of the state , or you can have a male interrupt you . Pick your poison ; they ’ re equally deadly , according to Prof. Vasanthakumar of King ’ s College , London . '' https : //t.co/IUr2CYgMHW
`` Cultural conservatives have much more in common with the steelworkers of Youngstown , Ohio , or the farmers of rural China than they do with investment bankers on Wall Street or service workers linked to the global economy in Palo Alto . '' https : //t.co/0ek7wZg0S7
`` Peters warrants examination as a special kind of militarist . Let ’ s note that his most memorable censure of Obama was that the former president 'does not believe in American exceptionalism . ' '' https : //t.co/dih6yAdF04
RT @ ISI : Great perspective by @ gracyolmstead : https : //t.co/qEbz9Vub47 via @ amconmag
`` I ’ ve come to see the NRA as the right-wing Planned Parenthood . Both organizations are immensely powerful in Washington , and both advocate for unlimited access to something a significant majority of Americans agree should be at least somewhat restricted . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
`` One of Meg ’ s cosmic guides rattles off a list of humankind ’ s great warriors against the darkness , including Einstein , Curie , Gandhi , and Maya Angelou . Notably absent from that list are Jesus , St. Francis , and Buddha , all of whom are named in the novel . '' https : //t.co/CBA0GjxMqj
`` Two-dimensional pornography is already short-circuiting male capacity for intimacy—what will happen when VR can deliver a sexual experience that is both immersive and fully customizable ? Nothing good . '' https : //t.co/TltnBjoojP
`` You want to know why @ jordanbpeterson is so popular ? Because he ’ s a grown-up who is not afraid to act like a grown-up . '' https : //t.co/2WVZGTZRoy
`` Trains represent one of the good things from the past conservatives should work to conserve and expand : at present , passenger rail service in most of the country is a fraction of what it was 50 years ago . '' https : //t.co/snpuxh1hVr
`` Perhaps too many dissenting voices isn ’ t a good idea . The Internet is just too much freedom to responsibly allow . Our open society is a vulnerability , not a strength '' - the government . https : //t.co/n12gWBtoXm
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/VbowD6pXGS
If Trump launches a new war , he can say goodbye to a second term . https : //t.co/UqhP2boKWj
RT @ czar_nicholas_ : My latest for @ AmConMag : https : //t.co/yUY94xjDGu
RT @ roddreher : Congrats to @ DouthatNYT on the publication day of his great new book # ToChangeTheChurch . Do n't miss my interview with him a…
`` No publisher is going to produce a glossy magazine extolling the virtues of Saudi despotism on its own and then release it just in time to coincide with the American tour of the heir to the throne . '' https : //t.co/qzhr5ZoY7c
`` This contractual temporality stems from our larger lack of purpose within marriage—divorced as it is from spiritual virtue or communal meaning ... .Today ’ s marriages are usually set up *not* to last . '' https : //t.co/3BX76XdJzH
`` It is a measure of how warped the U.S.-Saudi relationship is and how bad it is for the U.S. that the Saudis are excited by Bolton ’ s appointment because they assume it means that Americans will fight more wars for them . '' https : //t.co/3riGqbB6fX
TAC Afternoon Edition : `` Too often , fiscal hawks ’ refusal to understand the basic details of what we want reformed ends up ceding ground to the other side . '' They need to know their stuff , because they 're right . https : //t.co/Rsmw8FsQfr https : //t.co/Llfw8p2ft7
RT @ matthewschmitz : Ross Douthat on young Catholics https : //t.co/a46pg9xHeZ https : //t.co/L4bz06AHgB
RT @ DouthatNYT : Rod Dreher was kind enough to ask me some questions about `` To Change the Church . ''
https : //t.co/wxe4AC3DLm
`` The knowledge required to build livable , walkable places was once common to all in the same way that today Americans intuitively understand that the parking lot goes in front of the big box store and the fast food is located at the off ramp . '' https : //t.co/MR2dkE5wuo
`` What Hogg is saying here is that NRA members ( I am not one of them ) are guilty of buying dead students for the sake of preserving their Second Amendment rights . '' https : //t.co/XoMYEHQUPw https : //t.co/N0DeoOWGgW
`` 'You can let national churches and local bishops conduct their own experiments , with a kind of soft pressure from Rome to liberalize , and with time conservatives will become sufficiently marginalized that they will lack the effective power to protest . ' '' https : //t.co/zv4xXe4qUJ
`` Forget self-sacrifice , 't is better to demand love than learn how to give it in this Hollywood aberration . '' https : //t.co/CBA0GjxMqj https : //t.co/5LOeSfkxB4
`` While society continues to drug itself into a tech-enabled stupor , conservatives can 're-norm ' the human connection . '' Religious or not . https : //t.co/TltnBjFZIp https : //t.co/cb2gwdWtEv
`` If your religion lines up perfectly with your politics , perhaps you should ask yourself what you ’ re really worshiping . '' https : //t.co/3XRVCjnD38
`` Government should play no role in designating good journalists from bad , in licensing who can report on or access a broad range of ideas . '' But that 's what they want to do : https : //t.co/n12gWBtoXm https : //t.co/lPQMuKvzzx
Trump loves the stock market . What would the Dow Jones average look like after an attack on Iran ? Buchanan : https : //t.co/UqhP2boKWj https : //t.co/o7kTcM30zC
Neither coercion nor extreme individualism is conducive to religion . Even Islam is losing to modernity . https : //t.co/xOCsMUe8nc
`` A surgeon who botches operations doesn ’ t get to be a surgeon anymore . A mechanic who can ’ t fix cars is fired from the shop . But in the D.C. media and policy bubble , awful pundits fail up the ladder . '' https : //t.co/T9AafKH3PX
`` Is Fox forbidden to flag irregularities in the way Robert Mueller has conducted his supposed investigation of Donald Trump ’ s still-unproven collusion with Russia ? '' https : //t.co/dih6yAvfRC
`` I overheard several marchers comparing the weather , turnout , and organization of this march to that of previous protests , and realized that many of them were seasoned veterans . One man carried a clearly repurposed sign . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTqlfhF
From the archives @ clmarohn @ StrongTowns : `` Auto-based development patterns follow a now familiar cycle of growth , stagnation , and then rapid decline ... .The result over decades , however , is an insolvent city with huge debts . '' https : //t.co/MR2dkDNV5O
`` The first location of what would become Toys 'R ' Us was actually in the city : it was opened in 1948 in what is now a yuppie bar in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of Washington , D.C. '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt
`` To such scholars , it seemed inconceivable that someone could talk about religion without actually talking about something else , something more 'real . ' '' https : //t.co/3XRVCj62bA
RT @ WeMeantWell : FARA , the Foreign Agents Registration Act , is being used as a weapon by Mueller to indict members of the Trump team . It al…
RT @ FamStudies : Of Note : Marriage Takes a Village https : //t.co/nu9Kbn4h5U via @ amconmag @ gracyolmstead
`` Wrinkle ’ s world utterly is devoid of transcendent meaning . But perhaps that ’ s precisely the point : within the 'immanent frame ' that remains when all higher ends are abandoned , self-acceptance is the only goal really worth pursuing . '' https : //t.co/CBA0Gjgb1J https : //t.co/9E39oWPXkx
NEW from @ czar_nicholas_ : Time to take a Benedict Option from your smartphones . And you do n't have to be religious to do it : https : //t.co/TltnBjoojP https : //t.co/lQB5lTszKJ
`` The Foreign Agents Registration Act was never intended to regulate journalism . In fact , the legislation includes finely worded exemptions for journalists , scholars , artists . '' But when did original intent ever get in the way of new regulation ? https : //t.co/n12gWBKZOU https : //t.co/gXDDOWy0Vr
`` After his smashing victory in Desert Storm , Bush I was denied a second term . After invading Iraq , Bush II lost both houses of Congress in 2006 ... .Once Trump seemed to understand this history . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/UqhP2boKWj https : //t.co/EbpWr8vyXN
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : U.S. lawmakers now want Al Jazeera to register as a foreign agent , claiming it 's `` anti American '' and `` anti-Israel . '' In ru…
`` Like the lobster in the pot of steadily heating water , the U.S. is being cooked in Syria—moving along a ladder of escalation against a changing array of forces and objectives—almost without realizing it . '' https : //t.co/vsV1am75fB
`` The contempt for bourgeoisie values cultivated among American Stalinists back in the 1930s—due process and the presumption of innocence , for example—finds its counterpart today in contempt for the so-called heteronormative order . '' Not Dreher : https : //t.co/wUrtT5QVau
`` More important than making arguments is to fully incarnate the faith into our personal lives , our family lives , and the lives of our communities . '' https : //t.co/xOCsMTWxvE
`` We should resist nostalgia for a mythical time when folks didn ’ t have much but their dignity . But the grinding , uncertain lives of poor Americans today is a problem that new shoes and air conditioning won ’ t solve . '' https : //t.co/AoHYsZDdv2
`` Trump not only campaigned as a hawk on most contemporary foreign policy issues but many of his most vocal supporters inside the GOP were hard-liners , and Bolton was among them . '' https : //t.co/xyK8b04g4F
RT @ KelleyBVlahos : So lawmakers got away with forcing @ RT_com to register as a foreign agent , now they are going after Al Jaeera for being…
`` Bolton ’ s 'pragmatism ' looks a lot like knee-jerk , ignorant hawkishness . '' https : //t.co/xlxgaZ0qrv
`` Like many post-war big box chains , the first location of what would become Toys 'R ' Us was actually in the city : it was opened in 1948 in what is now a yuppie bar in the Adams Morgan neighborhood of Washington , D.C. '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt https : //t.co/s8qtjlOm3o
`` If your religion lines up perfectly with your politics , perhaps you should ask yourself what you ’ re really worshiping . '' https : //t.co/3XRVCj62bA
`` I reject nearly everything Paglia believes . I find her ideas nothing short of repulsive . But in a world that inches ever closer toward a bland conformity of life and opinion , Paglia ’ s spirit inspires me , even as her views disgust me '' https : //t.co/bDK0mBtVpB
`` I ’ ve come to see the NRA as the right-wing Planned Parenthood . Both organizations are immensely powerful in Washington , and both advocate for unlimited access to something a significant majority of Americans agree should be at least somewhat restricted . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTqlfhF
`` I ’ ve come to see the NRA as the right-wing Planned Parenthood . Both organizations are immensely powerful in Washington , and both advocate for unlimited access to something a significant majority of Americans agree should be at least somewhat restricted . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
`` The financial system isn ’ t the only way that the rich benefit at the expense everyone else . The corporate elite have better access to the regulatory agencies and rule writers than the rest of us . '' https : //t.co/ubfFkuA4pu
`` Peters ' feverish worldview has now put him in an awkward position , one in which even the Fox News channel is insufficiently belligerent enough for his tastes . '' https : //t.co/dih6yAdF04
`` Imagine a book-length broadside against Barack Obama that whipsaws from the illegal war in Libya to the fashion crime of the infamous tan suit . '' https : //t.co/Cjk95aWTGL
`` Bolton ’ s wheelhouse has never been the tactical nitty-gritty ; he ’ s an ideologue whose credo dogmatizes violence against enemies regardless of consequences or cost . '' https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
https : //t.co/wFAVvn9XhZ https : //t.co/mf6ChbLeuO
`` Washington , in an unintended show of bipartisan unity , has consistently misapprehended America ’ s power to achieve regime change , the vitality of the Assad system , the viability of a domestic opposition , and the prospects of Russian intervention . '' https : //t.co/vsV1am75fB
https : //t.co/3BX76XdJzH https : //t.co/PEZaBqYHez
https : //t.co/vsV1amoG79 https : //t.co/0rxnKRYjPW
`` Of about 40 small storefronts , 13 are currently sitting empty . One or two stores that are occupied are “ marginal ” businesses , like the closeout warehouse stocked mostly with returned electronics and smashed cereal boxes . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p
https : //t.co/YNVZTqlfhF https : //t.co/oUFhNGmwTu
https : //t.co/dih6yAvfRC https : //t.co/ctMQ8Zcp9w
`` Uncritical coverage of the Iraq War was a product of either fear and cowardice or opportunism . '' https : //t.co/4a3FxR5mzY
`` 'There ’ s things we do , mostly things that a couple of generations ago was just normal stuff : prayers at bedtime , not eating meat on Fridays , and so on . Though now they almost feel like reactionarily countercultural acts . ' '' https : //t.co/gGQk1MlmPW
`` I reject nearly everything Paglia believes . I find her ideas nothing short of repulsive . But in a world that inches ever closer toward a bland conformity of life and opinion , Paglia ’ s spirit inspires me , even as her views disgust me . '' https : //t.co/bDK0mBLwh9
RT @ roddreher : This is a fantastic read . https : //t.co/eQfcV2Lfy6
Neither coercion nor extreme individualism is conducive to religion . Even Islam is losing to modernity . https : //t.co/xOCsMTWxvE
`` The revolution of Kirk ’ s mechanical Jacobins continues unabated . Drivers still routinely murder children with virtual impunity . Across the country it has become all too common for drivers who kill people not to face any consequences . '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMHGfY
`` Military ability does not count in determining who gets promoted . At the rank of major , officers are supposed to accept that the 'real world ' is the internal world of budget and promotion politics , not war . '' https : //t.co/yicWA4PXmD
New from Nick Phillips : The case for a Secular Benedict Option https : //t.co/JMzgSge2Ze @ FDRLST @ roddreher https : //t.co/p9MDcasjF5
Marc , a link provided the info but we just republished the piece with the sponsored up front ! Thanks for the call . https : //t.co/qX9hnmVbY8
`` A primary source of unnatural wealth accumulation is America ’ s financial system , which since 1914 has revolved around the government-sponsored central banking cartel , the Federal Reserve . '' https : //t.co/ubfFkuA4pu
NEW @ johnehrett : 'T is better to demand love than to give it in the act of self-sacrifice , in this Hollywood perversion of # WrinkleInTime https : //t.co/otzAOHXhj8 https : //t.co/LN8293uj9J
`` They all believe in Instant Democracy . Just add hot water , like instant coffee , and it will come . '' https : //t.co/V1mjq2CkQh
NEW from @ WeMeantWell Peter Van Buren : Lawmakers move to demand @ AJENews register as a hostile agent , calling it `` anti-American , anti-Semitic and anti-Israel ' https : //t.co/UHC29bGPZi https : //t.co/sFa3ReHn7t
`` Who are the realists of the Cold War , and are they the same people who are realists in the post-Cold War era ? '' https : //t.co/wFAVvnryGz
`` Peters , who spent the better part of that last 15 years in lockstep with Fox ’ s support for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , is suddenly marching to a different tune . '' https : //t.co/dih6yAdF04
NEW Pat Buchanan : Jim 'Mad Dog ' Mattis is the only one standing between the assembling Trump war cabinet and war w/ Iran https : //t.co/IEdyyA3yVy
`` This was just one example of the general conflation of liberal causes on display : pussy hats , Planned Parenthood totes , pro-LGBT stickers , anti-Trump signs , and DREAM Act buttons were all out in force . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
`` Like the lobster in the pot of steadily heating water , the U.S. is being cooked in Syria . '' It 's almost time to bring out the nutcrackers . https : //t.co/vsV1am75fB
In corporate retail , `` there is little commitment or stake in the particular line of business , let alone commitment to broader stakeholders such as employees , customers , and surrounding communities . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt
`` A strong , confident Islam within the West is a bête noire of conservatives , but The Economist says that Muslims living here are dealing with Moralistic Therapeutic Deism—and even outright apostasy—too . '' https : //t.co/xOCsMUe8nc
`` There is every reason to assume that Bolton wants to set the U.S. up to fail at the proposed summit , because he sees no value in any diplomatic exchange that doesn ’ t result in the other side ’ s surrender . '' https : //t.co/B1N0lgEx9z
`` A surgeon who botches operations doesn ’ t get to be a surgeon anymore . A mechanic who can ’ t fix cars is fired from the shop . But in the D.C. media and policy bubble , awful pundits fail up the ladder . '' https : //t.co/T9AafKpsYp
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Hhv6dpccVy https : //t.co/Be5DbEON3W
Authentic Christianity is weird . Christians should embrace it . https : //t.co/NIQzA6zyUI
`` Hawks have been given a chance to run our foreign policy every day for decades on end , and they have failed numerous times at exorbitant cost . '' https : //t.co/rIL6JDLtZx
Marriage is n't just two individuals , and it does n't - or ca n't - exist in a vacuum . https : //t.co/3BX76XvkYh
`` Is Fox forbidden to flag irregularities in the way Robert Mueller has conducted his supposed investigation of Donald Trump ’ s still-unproven collusion with Russia ? '' https : //t.co/dih6yAvfRC
`` 'Arnaud will never have carnal children . But his astonishing heroism will , I believe , inspire many imitators , ready to give of themselves to France and her Christian joy . ' '' https : //t.co/C24LohOO9b
`` I overheard several marchers comparing the weather , turnout , and organization of this march to that of previous protests , and realized that many of them were seasoned veterans . One man carried a clearly repurposed sign . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
`` I asked one dissident how she regarded the morally lax personal behavior of her friends in the movement . She said that the times were so hard that people were desperate for human contact any way they could get it . There ’ s wisdom and mercy in that answer . '' https : //t.co/wFAVvnryGz
`` There is an appropriate middle ground between moral panic and 'it has always been thus . ' The difficulty , of course , is finding where that middle ground lies . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` If your religion lines up perfectly with your politics , perhaps you should ask yourself what you ’ re really worshiping . '' https : //t.co/3XRVCjnD38
`` As long as a corporation is woke on LGBT issues , it can treat its workers however it likes , and the Left will not complain . '' https : //t.co/5CdRF0uODy
RT @ StrongTowns : It 's not about automated versus human-driven vehicles . It 's about whether we make our urban streets the domain of automobi…
`` Whether Bolton knew the Israelis were preparing fake documents or not , it was the Israeli contribution towards establishing the political basis for an American attack on Iran for which he was the point man . '' https : //t.co/cmxEo5nxTg
`` 'One important lesson of the past half century is that counterproductive cultural habits can hurt a group more than political clout can help it . ' '' https : //t.co/Hhv6dpccVy
RT @ ilsr : . @ DanielMKishi details for the @ amconmag how Facebook 's monopolistic war gobbles up good , local journalism https : //t.co/c4fQ9VHKSL
`` The trailers begin . One of them , for a knockoff Transformers/Godzilla mashup called Pacific Rim : Uprising , has a story about as deep as the paragraph-long intros that used to grace Nintendo game boxes . '' https : //t.co/P070vlM7TN
`` This is a culture that prioritizes the speed , convenience , and storage of automobiles over human lives , human flourishing , and human justice . '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMHGfY
`` As we truncate or completely cut out the communal and covenantal aspects of the wedding ceremony , we increasingly divorce marriage from its foundations of support . '' https : //t.co/3BX76XdJzH
`` Washington , in an unintended show of bipartisan unity , has consistently misapprehended America ’ s power to achieve regime change , the vitality of the Assad system , the viability of a domestic opposition , and the prospects of Russian intervention . '' https : //t.co/vsV1amoG79
`` Had my father compelled me to attend church , even if he had come along with us , it would have increased my respect for him , but not changed my skepticism about God one bit . You can not compel belief . '' https : //t.co/xOCsMUe8nc
Grayson Quay on # MarchForOurLives : `` Thanks in part to the attitudes engendered by such marches and rallies , each side of the American divide now sees the other as a satanic death cult . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/bfa2JvCMtk
`` Our interest , as viewed by Peters , is in promoting a moral agenda through military means , and like the Jacobins and early Bolsheviks , his model Americans are only truly themselves when they think and act like an army or a city under siege . '' https : //t.co/dih6yAdF04
`` Will we one day recall , with a tinge of nostalgia , the warmth and community of the Amazon Go store , before we turn back to our headsets to do more 'v-commerce ' ? '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt
`` Bolton ’ s wheelhouse has never been the tactical nitty-gritty ; he ’ s an ideologue whose credo dogmatizes violence against enemies regardless of consequences or cost . '' https : //t.co/A033tohl1K
`` Imagine a book-length broadside against Barack Obama that whipsaws from the illegal war in Libya to the fashion crime of the infamous tan suit . '' https : //t.co/Cjk95aWTGL
TAC Afternoon Edition : This week 's # TACBookshelf featuring TAC editor Robert Merry and @ roddreher . They 've got a reading list for you : https : //t.co/wFAVvn9XhZ https : //t.co/tOuC2Y8wJ8
RT @ gracyolmstead : It takes a village to make ( and keep ) a marriage : https : //t.co/VhyvIkbI0X
`` The financial system isn ’ t the only way that the rich benefit at the expense everyone else . The corporate elite have better access to the regulatory agencies and rule writers than the rest of us . '' https : //t.co/ubfFkuA4pu
`` The revolution of Kirk ’ s mechanical Jacobins continues unabated . Drivers still routinely murder children with virtual impunity . Across the country it has become all too common for drivers who kill people not to face any consequences . '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMHGfY
`` Bolton persuaded Trump to commit to specific language pledging to pull out of the JCPOA if Congress and America ’ s European allies did not go along with demands for major changes that were clearly calculated to ensure the deal would fall apart . '' https : //t.co/cmxEo5F8KO
`` Community needs committed households , and committed households need community ... our isolated and fragmented society increasingly makes marriage itself seem obsolete and unnecessary . '' https : //t.co/3BX76XdJzH https : //t.co/PyMBeJh4O7
Our leadership knows we 're floundering if not losing in Syria . When are we coming home ? https : //t.co/vsV1am75fB
`` 'There ’ s things we do , mostly things that a couple of generations ago was just normal stuff : prayers at bedtime , not eating meat on Fridays , and so on . Though now they almost feel like reactionarily countercultural acts . ' '' https : //t.co/gGQk1M3LYo https : //t.co/0QlR14HQVv
`` I ’ ve come to see the NRA as the right-wing Planned Parenthood . Both organizations are immensely powerful in Washington , and both advocate for unlimited access to something a significant majority of Americans agree should be at least somewhat restricted . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTqlfhF https : //t.co/CoONKNs7g7
`` Peters ' feverish worldview has now put him in an awkward position , one in which even the Fox News channel is insufficiently belligerent enough for his tastes . '' https : //t.co/dih6yAvfRC https : //t.co/GbZwypgY2u
`` The bankruptcy will impact , in some cases fatally , the futures of small independent businesses that merely have the misfortune of being located in a center anchored by a Toys 'R ' Us . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
RT @ cnudc : See you tonight for the Phil Langdon lecture based on his new book , Within Walking Distance . 6:00pm , National Press Club . Thank…
`` John Bolton is that most ludicrous of creatures : the unreconstructed Bush-era foreign policy thinker . '' https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
Yes , Putin has dangerous nukes . Yes , we should get along with Russia . https : //t.co/Fta4UlLWa7
`` The details never add up because they ’ re not supposed to . Bolton ’ s wheelhouse has never been the tactical nitty-gritty ; he ’ s an ideologue whose credo dogmatizes violence against enemies regardless of consequences or cost . '' https : //t.co/A033tohl1K
RT @ elainejgodfrey : Nice column from Grayson Quay at @ amconmag https : //t.co/kVIiI3tmH1 https : //t.co/nrEWP2wTyK
`` I reject nearly everything Paglia believes . I find her ideas nothing short of repulsive . But in a world that inches ever closer toward a bland conformity of life and opinion , Paglia ’ s spirit inspires me , even as her views disgust me . '' https : //t.co/bDK0mBLwh9
`` I know , I know , a Guardian writer taking comfort in Christianity ’ s expiration…but look , he ’ s onto something . '' https : //t.co/1lgSCKehf5
`` Whether Bolton knew the Israelis were preparing fake documents or not , it was the Israeli contribution towards establishing the political basis for an American attack on Iran for which he was the point man . '' https : //t.co/cmxEo5F8KO
NEW @ gracyolmstead : `` The relationship of a married couple to their larger community is reciprocal : without larger context and support , nuclear households do not have the support they need to flourish . '' Welcome to modernity . https : //t.co/3BX76XdJzH https : //t.co/isxeLXQZtT
RT @ NewUrbanism : If you are in Washington , DC today and want to see author Phil Langdon in person , join @ cnudc at the National Press Club a…
NEW Geoffrey Aronson : `` Like the lobster in the pot of steadily heating water , the U.S. is being cooked in Syria—moving along a ladder of escalation against a changing array of forces and objectives—almost without realizing it . '' https : //t.co/vsV1am75fB https : //t.co/pgXEayuKZn
RT @ realclearpolicy : RCPolicy Monday w/ @ continetti , @ nancyscola , @ ThadMcCotter , @ JamesFallows , @ GeneHealy , @ embeedub , & amp ; more https : //t.co/…
`` Holmes is often the only man in the room with a contrary opinion , whether about someone ’ s character or a set of circumstances . Even in his latest BBC manifestation , it ’ s hard to imagine him carrying a sign or joining a picket line . '' https : //t.co/3tdKeJVgZh
NEW Grayson Quay on # MarchForOurLives : `` There wasn ’ t an ounce of political Machiavellianism in any of these kids ... .I may not always agree with these tough , traumatized , windmill-tilting kids , but I sure as hell admire them . '' https : //t.co/YNVZTq3DT5 https : //t.co/25HYsKgUpG
NEW Paul Gottfried : `` Ralph Peters warrants examination as a special kind of militarist ... .Only a few countries in Peters ’ worldview are allowed to be nationalist and pursue national interests . '' https : //t.co/dih6yAvfRC https : //t.co/bTzGHPFKDT
`` One comes to realize that these sprawling national and international conglomerates—whether McDonald ’ s or Ruby Tuesday or Wal-Mart or Toys 'R ' Us—are not so much stores or restaurants as they are corporations that happen to sell food or merchandise . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt
`` On the Iraq war , Bolton declared in 2015 , 'I still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct . ' '' https : //t.co/A033tohl1K
`` The automakers looked at the rapidly expanding cemeteries and thought only of the how the negative publicity would affect sales . '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMq5oq
`` The taint of these people . They defile everything they touch . '' https : //t.co/7m7VJcLH9q
`` The two sides indulge their rage and behave in ways that never would have been tolerated , let alone contemplated , in earlier times . And the race to the bottom continues . '' https : //t.co/25kSkzDkFC
`` Diversity quotas breed insecurity ... .I was left with the nagging doubt that it wasn ’ t my work that had earned me the right to speak so much as my biology . '' https : //t.co/LVxp10cKtk
`` As long as a corporation is woke on LGBT issues , it can treat its workers however it likes , and the Left will not complain . '' Maybe that 's the point . https : //t.co/5CdRF0ddM0
`` Hawks have been given a chance to run our foreign policy every day for decades on end , and they have failed numerous times at exorbitant cost . '' https : //t.co/rIL6JE34R5
`` If your religion lines up perfectly with your politics , perhaps you should ask yourself what you ’ re really worshiping . '' https : //t.co/3XRVCj62bA
`` The ghost of a 1940s New Jersey discount store had a hand in the shuttering of America ’ s biggest toy retailer in 2018 . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
ICYMI Rand Paul on Trump 's nominations : `` Unfortunately , Haspel is just one of many potential neoconservatives being considered to serve in our country ’ s top leadership roles . '' https : //t.co/NkrlZpKACR
`` A surgeon who botches operations doesn ’ t get to be a surgeon anymore . A mechanic who can ’ t fix cars is fired from the shop . But in the D.C. media and policy bubble , awful pundits fail up the ladder . '' https : //t.co/T9AafKH3PX
`` Gina Haspel is a torturer . We are torturers . It is as if Nuremberg never happened . '' https : //t.co/mRNZFJCJCM
`` Bolton has a very long record of being wrong on just about every major issue , so it takes someone with similarly terrible judgment to think that he would make a good National Security Advisor . '' https : //t.co/wnHysB30dM
`` Of about 40 small storefronts , 13 are currently sitting empty . One or two stores that are occupied are “ marginal ” businesses , like the closeout warehouse stocked mostly with returned electronics and smashed cereal boxes . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhftp7p https : //t.co/ukX8mwuPf9
`` France has produced a second martyr—the first was Father Jacques Hamel , slain at the altar while saying mass—in the contemporary battle against radical Islam . '' https : //t.co/C24LohxdhD
Good , traditional architecture actually designed for people to use deserves more recognition within the field . https : //t.co/Gb5lgsDvrv
`` Bolton says in that he thinks North Korea should commit to hand over its nuclear weapons , and incredibly he uses Libya of all states as a model for how to proceed . '' https : //t.co/2htyaeOx12
ICYMI ! https : //t.co/Wd5YPcuOi7
`` Conservatives know that life in the past was in many ways better than life at present ; morals and manners both come to mind . So , as some of us are old enough to remember , was travel . '' https : //t.co/snpuxhiTk1
The automakers `` exiled people from the streets and overturned common law decisions : Now it would be up to the pedestrian or cyclist to avoid getting hit . '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMq5oq
`` Vornado discovered that the land was worth much more than the actual stores , and liquidated and shuttered the company , finally renaming itself Vornado Realty Trust . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` People can accumulate possessions while maintaining a relatively low standard of living . Indoor plumbing won ’ t take care of your kids , and an Xbox won ’ t send them to college . '' https : //t.co/iuZbL6LAy5
`` 'Cultural ' or 'nominal ' Christianity doesn ’ t get passed on to the next generation ... .The children , even if they were baptized and confirmed , would never have gotten a sufficient dose of Christianity at home to feel even a nominal sense of attachment . '' https : //t.co/gGQk1M3LYo
`` Warmonger '' is the `` only appropriate name for someone who has spent almost his entire public career agitating for , promoting , and defending unnecessary wars of aggression . '' https : //t.co/DjVtr6tCCX
`` Since 1995 , Americans have been bowling alone . If the retail apocalypse and the encroachments of big tech continue apace , we will more and more often be shopping alone , too . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` As long as a corporation is woke on LGBT issues , it can treat its workers however it likes , and the Left will not complain . '' Maybe that 's the point . https : //t.co/5CdRF0ddM0
`` For nearly two decades now , we ’ ve watched this charade . Despite Republican promises of fiscal responsibility , they continue to spend like drunken sailors on holiday . '' https : //t.co/n9ALP6y8Sj
`` The two sides indulge their rage and behave in ways that never would have been tolerated , let alone contemplated , in earlier times . And the race to the bottom continues . '' https : //t.co/25kSkzDkFC
`` 'Cultural ' or 'nominal ' Christianity doesn ’ t get passed on to the next generation ... .The children , even if they were baptized and confirmed , would never have gotten a sufficient dose of Christianity at home to feel even a nominal sense of attachment . '' https : //t.co/gGQk1MlmPW
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/Gj7Z29Iqu8
`` The author who declared that it ’ s 'victory or holocaust ' in the war on terror and lauded George W. Bush as The Right Man may not be the right man to guide us through the particular dangers of this moment in history . '' https : //t.co/Cjk95aFiPd
`` People can accumulate possessions while maintaining a relatively low standard of living . Indoor plumbing won ’ t take care of your kids , and an Xbox won ’ t send them to college . '' https : //t.co/iuZbL6tZ9v
`` A & amp ; P was destroying the mom-and-pop store . Yet those vintage A & amp ; Ps would today appear to be basic grocers and would be about the size of a CVS . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
`` France has produced a second martyr—the first was Father Jacques Hamel , slain at the altar while saying mass—in the contemporary battle against radical Islam . '' https : //t.co/C24LohOO9b
RT @ JerrodALaber : And now he 's going to be back in the White House . This @ amconmag piece of mine from September is holding up alright . http…
Saudi Arabia 's top advisor just lashed out at Qatar , in essence calling it an ungrateful brat on Twitter . Why the temper ? https : //t.co/un1qa6xiHT https : //t.co/BzcLgEinah
`` Why is military incompetence so widespread at the higher levels of America ’ s armed forces ? '' https : //t.co/fsCbwA3l8N
`` Every single day their father and mother explained to them what truth was , versus what they heard at school and in the state-controlled media . Every single day . '' https : //t.co/dWbZ9ZahVV
The 'who 's who ' of Republican and Democratic lobbying firms , have been working to the tune of $ 16 million a year on behalf of the # Saudi govt in Washington . Who are they ? https : //t.co/DgMVOWxfmi https : //t.co/AEvTEAaobI
`` John Bolton belongs behind a glass display in the American History Museum , not enjoying a second wind at the apex of the federal bureaucracy . '' https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn
`` Hollis believed Orwell shared his own views opposing nationalists , jingoists , and other conservatives who championed colonialism and empire . '' https : //t.co/wngpK1SSp6
`` The courthouse where a white mob cursed the blacks was on the other side of my backyard fence . All this went down only four years before I was born , and I never knew it . '' https : //t.co/DriCArSHMf
`` Desmond is not dressing up like a ten-year-old girl . He is dressing like a sexually provocative adult . His parents allow him to go out into the world looking like a child prostitute—and our culture celebrates him . '' https : //t.co/dWbZ9ZahVV
`` Bolton has a very long record of being wrong on just about every major issue , so it takes someone with similarly terrible judgment to think that he would make a good National Security Adviser . '' https : //t.co/wnHysBkB5k
`` It ’ s revolting ... I get voting for Donald Trump as the lesser of two evils . I don ’ t get this whoring after him , and telling lies about him—even if they are lies to oneself . '' https : //t.co/12ZCWlJ2DY
`` Vornado discovered that the land was worth much more than the actual stores , and liquidated and shuttered the company , finally renaming itself Vornado Realty Trust . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31
https : //t.co/0ek7wZg0S7 https : //t.co/B4OVHhuhJG
`` Conservatives know that life in the past was in many ways better than life at present ; morals and manners both come to mind . So , as some of us are old enough to remember , was travel . '' https : //t.co/snpuxhiTk1
`` Congratulating Reagan for winning the Cold War is one more form of widespread abuse of Reagan ’ s legacy that has adversely affected how conservatives think about foreign policy and the proper U.S. role in the world . '' https : //t.co/4wYv1ATvS2
`` When race is in the news , it ’ s almost always about poor black people and their problems . African-Americans who live middle-class lives are all but invisible to many in white America . '' https : //t.co/DriCArB6nF
`` The poor are more likely to suffer from 'diseases of affluence ' such as obesity and diabetes . Unlike the truly affluent , however , they can ’ t afford to have them treated . '' https : //t.co/iuZbL6tZ9v
`` You don ’ t read New York magazine , I ’ m guessing . The people who produce national news programming—especially the soft news morning shows , and news magazine shows—do . '' https : //t.co/dWbZ9ZahVV
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/wngpK2atNG https : //t.co/OZBuOdk7t1
`` As Frum sees it , the president ’ s massive unpopularity actually enhances his power over Congress . '' https : //t.co/Cjk95aWTGL
Dreher on Evangelicals in the tank for Trump : `` It ’ s revolting ... I get voting for Donald Trump as the lesser of two evils . I don ’ t get this whoring after him , and telling lies about him—even if they are lies to oneself . '' https : //t.co/12ZCWlJ2DY
RT @ JohnWDean : Not even Conservatives can tolerate Bolton ’ s warmongering : https : //t.co/1pPz3IL2k5 via @ amconmag
https : //t.co/n9ALP6gxtJ https : //t.co/N5SaUwqCVw
`` The fundamental safety flaw in the automobile has never been human error , but the shared attitude of traffic engineers , automakers , politicians , and drivers . '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMq5oq
`` Bolton has a very long record of being wrong on just about every major issue , so it takes someone with similarly terrible judgment to think that he would make a good National Security Advisor . '' https : //t.co/wnHysBkB5k
`` A surgeon who botches operations doesn ’ t get to be a surgeon anymore . A mechanic who can ’ t fix cars is fired from the shop . But in the D.C. media and policy bubble , awful pundits fail up the ladder . '' https : //t.co/T9AafKH3PX
`` The ghost of a 1940s New Jersey discount store had a hand in the shuttering of America ’ s biggest toy retailer in 2018 . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRwZ31 https : //t.co/7uCXfNvkZE
`` Desmond is not dressing up like a ten-year-old girl . He is dressing like a sexually provocative adult . His parents allow him to go out into the world looking like a child prostitute—and our culture celebrates him . '' https : //t.co/dWbZ9YSH4n
`` There should be no doubt that Bolton is calling for starting a preventive war , and we should not be fooled by his attempts to confuse the issue by abusing the English language . '' https : //t.co/VjRm1iFrHr
RT @ RepThomasMassie : “ a foreign policy realist might note that the deposal of Iraq ’ s regime and the ascendance of Shiite power in Baghdad , …
https : //t.co/AowIZIZ1aT https : //t.co/NJRowqqU2B
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/pStkZGHpkQ
`` The idea that Reagan 'won ' the Cold War is one of the more pernicious and enduring distortions of Reagan ’ s real success . '' https : //t.co/4wYv1ATvS2
`` The Canadian Tory George Grant went so far as to assert that the 'directors of General Motors and the followers of Professor Marcuse sail down the same river in different boats . ' '' https : //t.co/E4S5dMHGfY
`` Hollis believed Orwell shared his own views opposing nationalists , jingoists , and other conservatives who championed colonialism and empire . '' https : //t.co/wngpK2atNG
`` The courthouse where a white mob cursed the blacks was on the other side of my backyard fence . All this went down only four years before I was born , and I never knew it . '' https : //t.co/DriCArB6nF https : //t.co/ID9XAHnXvP
`` If the retail apocalypse and the encroachments of big tech continue apace , we will more and more often be shopping alone . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOCPUh
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/EdEOYCUkKH https : //t.co/tdJ0wYvXoG
Bolton `` belongs behind a glass display in the American History Museum , not enjoying a second wind at the apex of the federal bureaucracy . '' https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn
`` If congressional Republicans would replace their irrational loathing for passenger trains with an approach based on facts and reason , they could help both the taxpayer and the people who want to ride trains . '' https : //t.co/snpuxh1hVr
`` The aims of the trans community are either a ) to pass as women , which is then wanting access to another marginalized group and appropriating their culture , or b ) wanting to pass as men , which is an alliance with a more dominant group . '' https : //t.co/JuKXA8ME76
Christianity is weird . And Christians should embrace it . https : //t.co/NIQzA6zyUI
`` These sprawling national and international conglomerates—whether McDonald ’ s or Ruby Tuesday or Wal-Mart or Toys 'R ' Us—are not so much stores or restaurants as they are corporations that happen to sell food or merchandise . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOUqLP
RT @ Reinsch84 : . @ GeneHealy on Frum 's Trumpocracy : `` He wants to be Whittaker Chambers in Witness , but instead of an international communist…
`` It ’ s not hard to imagine a situation in which impeaching and convicting the president might be the only way to keep the nation from committing to a disastrous war . Far-fetched ? I wish . '' https : //t.co/eTJKdxVmi8
`` In many cases involving a death , the driver wasn ’ t issued so much as a traffic ticket . '' https : //t.co/Fy68R4YF0m
In 15 minutes : Do n't miss TAC managing editor @ MattPurple on @ NPRWeekend with @ nprscottsimon talking about John Bolton 's appointment . Tune in ! https : //t.co/A033toyVTi
`` Beyond reinforcing the gender binary , what trans assimilators seek is the privilege to shop and wear the things they want to wear without people gasping . '' https : //t.co/e30gObPSbv
`` People can accumulate possessions while maintaining a relatively low standard of living . Indoor plumbing won ’ t take care of your kids , and an Xbox won ’ t send them to college . '' https : //t.co/iuZbL6LAy5
The children of Vaclav Benda : `` Every single day their father and mother explained to them what truth was , versus what they heard at school and in the state-controlled media . Every single day . '' https : //t.co/dWbZ9YSH4n
`` During multiple trips to Israel , Bolton had unannounced meetings , including with the head of Mossad , without the usual reporting cable to the secretary of state and other relevant offices . '' https : //t.co/N1xka4r8S8
https : //t.co/gvof7RbSul https : //t.co/pPS1gI9BXz
`` We have male rapists in female prisons , men taking jobs and places from women , men taking women ’ s sporting prizes , and men going into schools and teaching this balderdash to kids , and everyone is too afraid to tell them ‘ no . ' '' https : //t.co/ZeusbSGXKS
`` Iranians celebrated Nowruz earlier this week . A message went out from the White House to mark the occasion , but it was a strange and hostile message . '' https : //t.co/kxV03lJuQR
`` The plain fact is , conservatives loathe unpredictability . They also know that vast state expenditures and debts can destabilize a society , and no activity of the state is more expensive than war . '' https : //t.co/93A7S61k24
The ideological far leftists of old `` were not only misguided , but also boring . It was only a matter of time before they got their comeuppance . So , too , with today ’ s cultural ideologues . '' https : //t.co/wUrtT5QVau
`` A surgeon who botches operations doesn ’ t get to be a surgeon anymore . A mechanic who can ’ t fix cars is fired from the shop . But in the D.C. media and policy bubble , awful pundits fail up the ladder . '' Like Bolton . https : //t.co/T9AafKH3PX
`` The bankruptcy will impact , in some cases fatally , the futures of small independent businesses that merely have the misfortune of being located in a center anchored by a Toys 'R ' Us . '' https : //t.co/ezmBuRfobt
`` We really are a decadent country . All you readers claiming , 'JFK did it too ' may be right , but you perfectly well know that if any of this had become public back in the day , that would have been the end of JFK . '' https : //t.co/5DTSk85P1g
`` The existence of the steppes or the tundra does not somehow obviate the uglification of the landscape that we actually inhabit day-to-day . '' https : //t.co/rwkKhfKZYX
https : //t.co/n9ALP6y8Sj https : //t.co/V3r1DFoT3Z
Your religion should n't perfectly line up with your politics . https : //t.co/mT9gawIt2I
https : //t.co/nfck7NZQb4 https : //t.co/lN5rKzDWyE
https : //t.co/Fy68R4YF0m https : //t.co/HZaT0IHd9m
`` If I tried to leave the country I would be arrested , that if I was pulled over whilst driving I would be arrested and that if the local force had to come to my house to arrest me that I would have to wait some time in the cells . '' For tweeting about trans . https : //t.co/toSdRlJkFY
https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn https : //t.co/UG6RIHZ8ar
https : //t.co/1uN6H85A1D https : //t.co/HezvAL3Esn
`` Why is military incompetence so widespread at the higher levels of America ’ s armed forces ? '' https : //t.co/fsCbwA3l8N
https : //t.co/wngpK1SSp6 https : //t.co/mgJ7nguxqJ
`` Expanded access to consumer products is a good thing . But that doesn ’ t mean poverty is exaggerated by ungrateful whiners . '' https : //t.co/iuZbL6LAy5
`` Who in the Republican Party would dare to try to stop him ? There ’ s only one Rand Paul . Do you think that the American people would rally against the prospect of a Trump war ? I don ’ t . '' https : //t.co/eTJKdycX9G
`` At its best , Reagan ’ s foreign policy was a response to contemporary realities and problems , and most of these no longer exist . '' https : //t.co/4wYv1ATvS2
`` We don ’ t need to reprise all of the hubris , stupidity , and neoconservative babble that helped tear Iraq apart . '' Looking at you @ AmbJohnBolton . https : //t.co/upKMPSW0tb
`` Max Boot is a journalist , historian , and unabashed imperialist . He remains today a staunch proponent of empire . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
Can you believe this is a Republican bill ? https : //t.co/n9ALP6y8Sj
`` Today , the revolution of Kirk ’ s mechanical Jacobins continues unabated . Drivers still routinely murder children with virtual impunity . '' https : //t.co/Fy68R4YF0m
`` The rainbow line-up of chosen minorities are left in little doubt as to where their gratitude must be directed . This is the most nauseating form of patronage imaginable . '' https : //t.co/crRvlmjvio
`` John Bolton is that most ludicrous of creatures : the unreconstructed Bush-era foreign policy thinker . '' https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn
https : //t.co/1uN6H8naTb https : //t.co/RGsn43Goes
`` We should be worried when we find we have more in common with secular advocates of our favorite pet causes than with our own co-religionists . '' https : //t.co/o3DCVEIzcQ
`` Through Antifa and the alt-right we can already see where the breakdown of the ability to communicate leads : violence . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1khonSD
`` No one wins in the downhill race that started with the Clintons , and will end in the cultural gutter . '' Bob Merry : https : //t.co/o3DCVF0aBq
This Monday at 6pm we 're co-hosting a lecture with @ cnudc by urban author Philip Langdon for the release of his new book , 'Within Walking Distance . ' Join us ! https : //t.co/4tErufrBQR https : //t.co/UbuwBPmytt
Donald Trump allegedly brought this Playboy model back to his apartment - and showed her Melania 's empty bedroom . https : //t.co/5DTSk85P1g
From the archives @ DanielLarison : `` His foreign policy wasn ’ t what you think—and may not matter today . '' https : //t.co/4wYv1ATvS2 https : //t.co/uycbCKjlX2
`` Casting Orwell in his own image , Hollis viewed Orwell as the kind of old-fashioned cultural conservative for whom tradition , decency , patriotism , and love of nature were important . '' https : //t.co/wngpK2atNG
`` 'The trans/gender ideology will prevail against the minority of feminists who object to it because it *must* prevail for furtherance of the revolution . ' '' https : //t.co/ZeusbSYyCq
`` In truth , Herzberg ’ s death was little different from the other 30,000 or so deaths of pedestrians , cyclists , and other motorists that will occur this year as a result of automobiles . '' https : //t.co/Fy68R4YF0m
John Bolton `` belongs behind a glass display in the American History Museum , not enjoying a second wind at the apex of the federal bureaucracy . '' https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn
`` Since 1995 , Americans have been bowling alone . If the retail apocalypse and the encroachments of big tech continue apace , we will more and more often be shopping alone , too . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOCPUh
`` Frum soft-pedals the stumblebum aspects of our 45th president ’ s reign and mines every detail , however contingent , for dark significance . November 9 , the day of Trump ’ s election , is , he tells us , 'the most portentous date in the German calendar . ' '' https : //t.co/1uN6H85A1D
`` After all those years of Republican insurgency , the new boss is now the same as the old . '' https : //t.co/n9ALP6gxtJ
RT @ jackhunter74 : David Frum : The Wrong Man by @ GeneHealy | The American Conservative https : //t.co/muJPPQ33uz via @ amconmag
Be very afraid . https : //t.co/N1xka4r8S8 https : //t.co/gt6Sq5Lb6q
Authentic Christianity is weird . Christians should embrace it . https : //t.co/NIQzA6Raji
`` These sprawling national and international conglomerates—whether McDonald ’ s or Ruby Tuesday or Wal-Mart or Toys 'R ' Us—are not so much stores or restaurants as they are corporations that happen to sell food or merchandise . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOCPUh
`` Bolton dubs this approach 'diplomatic shock and awe , ' which should be a warning all by itself . '' https : //t.co/GmgRx3VRG0
`` Military ability does not count in determining who gets promoted . At the rank of major , officers are supposed to accept that the 'real world ' is the internal world of budget and promotion politics , not war . '' https : //t.co/fsCbwAkWxn
https : //t.co/JuKXA8ME76 https : //t.co/vhZb2zL418
Northern Virginia did n't always look like this . https : //t.co/8GlAQvIIgU https : //t.co/qmxgCIEVfR
Amazon has `` reinvented the store as an empty self-service warehouse with bare industrial ceilings festooned with CCTV cameras . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOUqLP
`` What ’ s going on in this city is an American version of the 'color revolutions ' we have employed to knock over governments in places like Georgia and Ukraine . '' https : //t.co/nfck7NIfjw
TAC managing editor @ MattPurple will be on @ NPRWeekend with @ nprscottsimon tomorrow , Saturday morning at 9am to talk about John Bolton 's appointment . Tune in ! https : //t.co/A033tohl1K
`` In Minnesota , the Star-Tribune found that between 2010 and 2014 , drivers crashed into pedestrians over 3,000 times , killing 95 people—only 28 drivers were charged . In many cases involving a death , the driver wasn ’ t issued so much as a traffic ticket . '' https : //t.co/Fy68R4H3BM
`` Some noted that Kaspersky Labs was simply doing what a security company is supposed to do . Others , however , were less agreeable , suggesting it was an intentional attempt by Kaspersky to undermine U.S . security . '' https : //t.co/EEp4JzuYH5
`` The details never add up because they ’ re not supposed to . Bolton ’ s wheelhouse has never been the tactical nitty-gritty ; he ’ s an ideologue whose credo dogmatizes violence against enemies regardless of consequences or cost . '' https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/22tnptUVB5
. @ davidfrum `` wants to be the anti-Trump Whittaker Chambers . His past extremism and present histrionics make that an ill-fitting role . '' https : //t.co/1uN6H85A1D https : //t.co/sBmBaYYZgs
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : # TGIF : 'Feels like we are definitely entering into places unknown . TAC 's got your back w/ @ GarethPorter @ DanielLarison…
Nothing will say more about who we 've become as a nation than if a torturer is allowed to head the CIA . https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ
`` These trans activists really are coming for your children , in the sense that they want to infect them with this psychotic ideology and convince them to torture their bodies to fit their tortured minds . '' https : //t.co/toSdRlrJOq
`` The ghost of a 1940s New Jersey discount store had a hand in the shuttering of America ’ s biggest toy retailer in 2018 . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOUqLP
TAC Afternoon Edition : `` The 'one bill to rule them all , ' 2,232-page , gargantuan , swamp-beast omnibus emerged from the smoke-filled bowels of congressional leadership earlier this week and passed both House and Senate mere hours after it was unveiled . '' https : //t.co/n9ALP6gxtJ https : //t.co/wvccKmxCnN
`` To say to the woman crouched in a hut , tearing herself open to give life , that this uniquely female , and dangerously female , experience is somehow a construct makes you sound not only foolish but also callous . '' https : //t.co/JuKXA8ME76
This Monday 6pm we 're co-hosting a lecture with @ cnudc by urban author Philip Langdon for the release of his new book , 'Within Walking Distance . ' Join us ! https : //t.co/4tErufrBQR https : //t.co/3OarblJLnP
`` There is a Civil War battlefield only about a mile from my current townhouse , a stone ’ s throw from the ugly Fairfax Towne Center and its eyesore of a parking deck . '' https : //t.co/cUedzBjZ58
The sprawl of Tysons Corner is `` the visual equivalent of putting a Beethoven symphony and a Metallica concert in a blender and piecing them back together at random . '' https : //t.co/QGRgSOnc19
RT @ DanielMKishi : A review of Friedman 's THE WORLD IS FLAT from a June 2005 issue of TAC : `` He never pauses to consider that maybe , in a fla…
Dreher on Evangelicals in the tank for Trump : `` It ’ s revolting ... I get voting for Donald Trump as the lesser of two evils . I don ’ t get this whoring after him , and telling lies about him—even if they are lies to oneself . '' https : //t.co/12ZCWm0E2y
`` Trump appears to recognize that the struggle with Mueller is now a political struggle—to the death . '' https : //t.co/nfck7NIfjw
Our own @ GarethPorter talks about his important piece on # JohnBolton @ democracynow this morning

https : //t.co/fSL0ocHxzX https : //t.co/mtjiKcsyQE
`` You change the way people think about things , with a steady stream of propaganda . 'Men can have babies . ' 'Ten-year-olds dressing like transgender child prostitutes are heroes . ' Say it over and over again , and people will start to believe it . '' https : //t.co/dWbZ9YSH4n
`` This is a culture that prioritizes the speed , convenience , and storage of automobiles over human lives , human flourishing , and human justice . '' https : //t.co/Fy68R4H3BM https : //t.co/M7uBMVrjUD
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/fF5HVOCPUh https : //t.co/1U7E3A69M1
`` It ’ s not hard to imagine a situation in which impeaching and convicting the president might be the only way to keep the nation from committing to a disastrous war . Far-fetched ? I wish . '' https : //t.co/eTJKdxVmi8
Matt Purple on Bolton 's appointment : `` I ’ m new here at TAC , but I ’ m quickly learning that part of the arrangement is that we lose 100 battles for every one we win . '' https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn https : //t.co/VgC05puQV3
RT @ RealClearBooks : . @ ClaremontInst @ Patheos @ PasteMagazine @ newcriterion @ ubookman @ LawLiberty @ firstthingsmag @ amconmag @ nytimesbooks # bo…
`` We may avoid a disaster on the scale of the Iraq war , aided by what Frum terms 'the surge in civic spirit that has moved Americans since the ominous night of November 8 , 2016'—or God ’ s special affection for fools , drunks , and the United States of America '' https : //t.co/1uN6H85A1D https : //t.co/EF1bhpeDP2
RT @ DanielMKishi : And here 's @ MattRobare in @ amconmag this morning . We live in `` a culture that prioritizes the speed , convenience , and stor…
Orwell was n't religious , but he might have had a `` Christian soul . '' https : //t.co/wngpK2atNG
`` Russia ’ s involvement in World War I gave us Bolshevism . Germany ’ s defeat made Hitler possible . As the First World War shows , if a conflict is costly enough , the victors ’ social order can suffer nearly as badly as that of the vanquished . '' https : //t.co/93A7S5JJaw
`` I ’ ll never forget the moment that I first thought Donald Trump would be an improvement over any other Republican possibility for president : when , in the South Carolina GOP debate , he said from the stage that the Iraq War was a mistake . '' And now ? https : //t.co/eTJKdxVmi8
`` If your religion lines up perfectly with your politics , perhaps you should ask yourself what you ’ re really worshipping . '' https : //t.co/mT9gawIt2I
`` A surgeon who botches operations doesn ’ t get to be a surgeon anymore . A mechanic who can ’ t fix cars is fired from the shop . But in the D.C. media and policy bubble , awful pundits fail up the ladder . '' Like Bolton . https : //t.co/T9AafKH3PX
`` If he had been only a social commentator , though , Dickens would have been forgotten by all except specialist historians of his age . But he is not forgotten ; he survives the notorious defects of his books . '' https : //t.co/OS31O6WEQ3
Authentic Christianity is weird . Christians should embrace it . https : //t.co/NIQzA6zyUI
`` We are now reduced to mourning warehouse stores loaded with cheap imports , since they are among the few vibrant and collective spaces that remain in American life . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOCPUh
When does the next war start ? https : //t.co/mk9lnyi3CC
Buchanan : `` Amazing . A disloyal White House staffer betrays his trust and leaks a confidential paper to sabotage the foreign policy of a duly elected president , and he is celebrated in this capital city . '' https : //t.co/nfck7NZQb4
NEW from @ MattRobare on the self-driving car : `` The conservative luminary Russell Kirk called cars 'mechanical Jacobins ' ... .In truly totalitarian fashion , they run over all who resist . '' https : //t.co/Fy68R4YF0m https : //t.co/egCRQs55hW
RT @ MattPurple : I am less than pleased about John Bolton 's appointment . My latest at @ amconmag . https : //t.co/y9zNHpAyVv
These nukes make Putin more dangerous - and good relations with Russia more important . https : //t.co/B2NLTF5aMO
NEW from @ MattPurple : `` John Bolton is that most ludicrous of creatures : the unreconstructed Bush-era foreign policy thinker . '' Welcome to the administration John ... https : //t.co/RyFELl4cNn https : //t.co/dNSspW0U9X
NEW @ GeneHealy : `` Reading too much of 'Trumpocracy ' in one sitting felt something like being strapped to the chair for the 'Ludovico Technique , ' eyes pried open with specula , while a year ’ s worth of Trump ’ s Twitter feed races across the screen . '' https : //t.co/1uN6H85A1D https : //t.co/NheRkvqL3W
`` We have male rapists in female prisons , men taking jobs and places from women , men taking women ’ s sporting prizes , and men going into schools and teaching this balderdash to kids , and everyone is too afraid to tell them ‘ no . ' '' https : //t.co/ZeusbSYyCq
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : # TGIFt @ GeneHealy on @ davidfrum book # Trumpocracy : the guy who lauded George W as 'The Right Man ' may not be the 'right…
Donald Trump allegedly brought this Playboy model back to his apartment - and showed her Melania 's empty bedroom . Good Christian leader ? https : //t.co/5DTSk85P1g
Worse than just a hawk : https : //t.co/N1xka4r8S8
`` Nixon demanded personal loyalty , above all and fired those who did not meet expectations . '' https : //t.co/deTv51bVCV
`` If you don ’ t know how you will react when your company compels you to affirm these lies , you ’ re going to find out . Are you willing to lose your job over it ? Where will you draw the line ? '' https : //t.co/ld8d8N85co https : //t.co/eeVC6rVZM1
`` During multiple trips to Israel , Bolton had unannounced meetings , including with the head of Mossad , without the usual reporting cable to the secretary of state and other relevant offices . '' https : //t.co/N1xka49xty
`` One gain that comes out of war is as disturbing to conservatives as any of the losses : an aggrandizement of state power . The argument of 'wartime necessity ' runs roughshod over all checks and balances , civil liberties , and traditional constraints . '' https : //t.co/93A7S5JJaw
NEW @ MattPurple : 'The gang 's all back together ' -- # Trump just added yet another unreconstructed Bush-era foreign policy thinker to his team https : //t.co/KumtgCvA75
# Bolton @ CurtMills @ GrecianFormula @ capreble @ reidtsmith
`` The spirit that animates farmers markets and craft breweries and bars lighted with Edison bulbs may well come to breathe new life into ordinary retail . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOUqLP
`` Family , business , education , and religion should each remain sovereign , devoid of politics and politicization . '' https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY
`` True sharing of the streets between all modes of mobility—including one ’ s own two feet—demands that walking and biking are no longer treated as a 'second class form of transportation . ' '' https : //t.co/mw2JH59UgQ
`` We Orthodox are keeping Christianity weird . I ’ d say there ’ s a good argument to be made that Orthodoxy is the most unworldly , countercultural form of Christianity you can find in the West . '' https : //t.co/NIQzA6zyUI
The sprawl of Tysons Corner is `` the visual equivalent of putting a Beethoven symphony and a Metallica concert in a blender and piecing them back together at random . '' https : //t.co/QGRgSOnc19
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/I1YGmKGHsZ https : //t.co/Aq0c2kBpPW
`` There are two versions of Toys 'R ' Us . There is the globetrotting retailer piloted for years now by real estate interests and investment firms ... Then there is the 1970s-vintage box store still sporting the old multicolored-tile facade . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOCPUh
`` Ironically , the incoherence of the Trump presidency and Donald Trump ’ s amply documented record of morally repugnant behavior have boosted the progressive cause even further . '' https : //t.co/VkJmOSROvh
They paved Virginia and put up a parking lot : https : //t.co/cUedzB2odA
https : //t.co/k52pfFY5Q7 https : //t.co/lvqqonzmO4
https : //t.co/EEp4JzuYH5 https : //t.co/WAj9XEoKmO
`` Whereas prior generations of lawmakers protected the American citizenry as businessmen , entrepreneurs , and growers , Bork led a revolution that sacrificed the small producer at the altar of efficiency and cheap goods . '' https : //t.co/JfixJSpcmr
https : //t.co/P7M6LQ68ZB https : //t.co/Z4ZGurrQXH
https : //t.co/V8k2bCFTgr https : //t.co/dgyVZ9cZM1
Dreher : `` Jake Tapper , commenting on the fake-macho blustering of begeezered fartknockers Joe Biden and Donald Trump , wins the Internet . '' https : //t.co/6t0sIHhiKD
https : //t.co/zRbrP7R07T https : //t.co/LD1atmRqfO
https : //t.co/N1xka4r8S8 https : //t.co/FIqN8U3rhR
RT @ IanPannell : A timely and unsettling read . The Untold Story of John Bolton ’ s Campaign for War With Iran | The American Conservative http…
A British woman was questioned by the police , and may face legal punishment , for tweeting critically about transgender ideology . https : //t.co/toSdRlJkFY
Tweeting about transgenderism ? In Britain , you might get a knock from the police : https : //t.co/toSdRlrJOq
`` A surgeon who botches operations doesn ’ t get to be a surgeon anymore . A mechanic who can ’ t fix cars is fired from the shop . But in the D.C. media and policy bubble , awful pundits fail up the ladder . '' Like Bolton . https : //t.co/T9AafKH3PX
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/N1xka49xty https : //t.co/n5Vd1dWfLQ
`` Zuckerberg—who has apologized several times before over similar scandals—really can ’ t meaningfully change Facebook ’ s policy without destroying his business model . '' https : //t.co/t332gNptdR
https : //t.co/dsEqvS636m https : //t.co/f8zzX247Ud
`` The Saudi 'aid ' efforts are not what they seem , and Mattis is wrong to applaud them . '' https : //t.co/GH9ulkdyJT https : //t.co/Fj20U8Sxeh
`` Once the standards and values of any institution are gone , they ’ re usually gone for good . '' It can happen here . https : //t.co/o3DCVEIzcQ
RT @ GarethPorter : Why everyone should be alarmed about the threat of Bolton as national security adviser : He carried out a deceptive campai…
Hollis argued that `` Orwell ’ s atheism undermined his emotional and spiritual awareness . '' https : //t.co/wngpK1SSp6
Amazon has `` reinvented the store as an empty self-service warehouse with bare industrial ceilings festooned with CCTV cameras . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOUqLP
`` Holmes is often the only man in the room with a contrary opinion , whether about someone ’ s character or a set of circumstances . Even in his latest BBC manifestation , it ’ s hard to imagine him carrying a sign or joining a picket line . '' https : //t.co/dsEqvSnEuW
RT @ KelleyBVlahos : Sen. Marco Rubio on Bolton :
“ I know John Bolton well and believe he is an excellent choice who will do a great job as N…
`` From its inception , the United States considered the R-36 the single most destabilizing strategic weapon in the Soviet arsenal ... The RS-28 is far more than a follow-on to the aging R-36 . '' https : //t.co/B2NLTF5aMO
Be very afraid . https : //t.co/N1xka49xty https : //t.co/Bb0p8UHILQ
Coming to a workplace near you ( and maybe even your own ) : https : //t.co/ld8d8N85co
`` It really is getting harder and harder to plunk down your $ 15 , stretch out your electric recliner , and enjoy the show . '' https : //t.co/Uma3PK5icU
Meet your new national security adviser ! https : //t.co/N1xka4r8S8 https : //t.co/NOZwhh7JwS
`` These trans activists really are coming for your children , in the sense that they want to infect them with this psychotic ideology and convince them to torture their bodies to fit their tortured minds . '' https : //t.co/toSdRlrJOq
Northern Virginia was once part of Virginia . https : //t.co/Rt4nYiKAvf
`` A corporatist , mixed economy institutionalizes financial privilege in ways that are overlooked in everyday political discourse . '' https : //t.co/zcGWq6cYz8
`` Fifteen years removed , it is incredibly difficult to point to anything positive that resulted from Washington ’ s decision to oust Saddam Hussein from power . '' https : //t.co/upKMPSEp4B
`` 'The land itself and the trees and the waters and the wildlife and the presence of human beings who have lived in a respectful way with that landscape over centuries , I find deeply meaningful and fulfilling . ' '' https : //t.co/AVlpYIkevb
The more capable Russia is of destroying us , the more important it is that we get along . https : //t.co/B2NLTFmMbo
Here we go ... all you need to know about # JohnBolton and what kind of Nat Sec advisor he will be https : //t.co/fSL0ocHxzX
# McMasterOut
`` Will the experience of actually going out shopping with help from informed , enthusiastic business owners be as distant to the average consumer as self-flagellation and hair shirts are to the average Catholic ? '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOCPUh
`` I didn ’ t leave behind my love of Creation when I became a Catholic . Who has loved or understood nature more than J.R.R . Tolkien ? '' https : //t.co/4z2RzYZEMf
`` The strong likelihood that Donald Trump will now choose John Bolton as his next national security advisor creates a prospect of war with Iran that is very real . '' https : //t.co/N1xka49xty
`` Hollis contests the widespread assumption that Blair applied to enter the civil service because his mediocre academic record prevented him from attending Oxford or Cambridge . Hollis believes he rejected those universities in an act of defiance . '' https : //t.co/wngpK1SSp6
`` There is a Civil War battlefield only about a mile from my current townhouse , a stone ’ s throw from the ugly Fairfax Towne Center and its eyesore of a parking deck . '' https : //t.co/cUedzB2odA
`` If your religion lines up perfectly with your politics , perhaps you should ask yourself what you ’ re really worshipping . '' https : //t.co/mT9gawqSba
`` It is very easy to absorb by osmosis the pseudo-theology of progress that animates much American thought—the hazy idea that God wants us to live in ever-larger single-family McMansions and drive two SUVs in ever-longer commutes out from the exurbs . '' https : //t.co/k52pfFY5Q7
Thoughts from 2012 on the decay of genuine self-government in America . Looking at you Congress . https : //t.co/eJf4fnZ03W
`` Arguing over just how much blood she has on her hands is a distraction from the fact that she indeed has blood on her hands . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd2gTIz https : //t.co/THpjrF57QL
`` Pope Francis keeps telling Christians to go out to the 'peripheries ' with the Gospel message , but in most Western countries , we can ’ t even keep our own children in the faith ! '' https : //t.co/HyYOKB7Bk6
`` Russia ’ s involvement in World War I gave us Bolshevism . Germany ’ s defeat made Hitler possible . As the First World War shows , if a conflict is costly enough , the victors ’ social order can suffer nearly as badly as that of the vanquished . '' https : //t.co/93A7S5JJaw
`` Orwell saw but could not endorse that the answer to the pessimism and despair of 'Nineteen Eighty-Four ' entailed the acceptance of religious belief and the corollary that this life is a preparation for the next . '' https : //t.co/wngpK1SSp6
`` The ghost of a 1940s New Jersey discount store had a hand in the shuttering of America ’ s biggest toy retailer in 2018 . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOUqLP https : //t.co/7j2lVw3yNO
https : //t.co/t332gNH4Cr https : //t.co/9OIApYZGij
`` With the RS-28 '' - the nuke technology Putin recently announced - `` Russia possesses a genuine first-strike capability that nullifies one third of America ’ s nuclear triad . '' https : //t.co/B2NLTFmMbo
Today in interesting DC architecture : https : //t.co/su8Mq06Rl6
https : //t.co/N1xka4r8S8 https : //t.co/pEMYhi4jrO
Still going on , still indefensible : https : //t.co/qE3AFIq24o
`` This was to be a struggle against not just the Saddam regime but the metaphysical order itself , a boot that would see the door to hell at last kicked down . '' https : //t.co/Am1lq1TFzU
`` American politics will always reflect American culture . Though we come to terms with the societal decay , we hope that our politics will remain on a higher plane . That would be nice , but it probably isn ’ t realistic . '' https : //t.co/o3DCVEIzcQ
TAC Afternoon Edition @ jasonditz @ Antiwarcom : Cybersleuths think they 've uncovered a military spyware attack , with troubling implications . https : //t.co/EEp4JzuYH5 https : //t.co/KGBEnZDKRv
Theodore Dalrymple @ theodalrymple : `` Orwell , in his famous essay on Dickens , saw in this philosophical and moral muddle not a weakness but a strength , a generosity of spirit , an openness to the irreducible complexity of mankind ’ s moral situation . '' https : //t.co/OS31O6F3rt
If he came back to life , what do you think he 's say about the state of conservatism - or America ? https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY
Dreher : `` @ jaketapper , commenting on the fake-macho blustering of begeezered fartknockers Joe Biden and Donald Trump , wins the Internet . '' https : //t.co/6t0sIGZHT5
`` 'If Kim Jong-Un is going to drop a nuclear bomb , ' my dad remarked , 'it should be on Tysons Corner . ' '' https : //t.co/QGRgSOnc19
He was n't religious , but he had a `` Christian soul . '' Or so claimed his most famous biographer ( and classmate ) : https : //t.co/wngpK1SSp6 https : //t.co/t2qM8jZd4W
Toys R Us is probably finished . Does it portend the end of brick-and-mortar retail ? Or a resurgence of small business ? https : //t.co/V8k2bCFTgr https : //t.co/ak4krq30EG
Everything you need to know about T.S . Eliot , and more : https : //t.co/xIdJHTCdND
He has nukes , and we should take them seriously . https : //t.co/B2NLTF5aMO https : //t.co/05TAX1W7Ms
`` During multiple trips to Israel , Bolton had unannounced meetings , including with the head of Mossad , without the usual reporting cable to the secretary of state and other relevant offices . '' https : //t.co/mk9lnyi3CC https : //t.co/dqmRaCFRMD
ICYMI : Nothing will say more about who we 've become as a nation than if a torturer is allowed to head the CIA . https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ
Coming to a workplace near you ( and maybe even your own ) : https : //t.co/ld8d8N85co https : //t.co/tnzV3jYmyz
Is the problem really that we 're paying too *much* attention to globalization 's losers ? https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
Remember that anti-imperialism is well within the American tradition : https : //t.co/IXWOkMumd3
Northern Virginia was once part of Virginia . Now it 's this : https : //t.co/Rt4nYisZ6F https : //t.co/0xYqUSJMs1
`` Russell Kirk probably wrote more in his lifetime than what even the most educated American reads in a lifetime . '' https : //t.co/bkLSW8RFPj
`` As I left the chapel , I found myself wondering why we bothered with the trappings of Christianity at all . It was obvious that our only goal was to echo the platform of the Democratic Party . '' https : //t.co/uMbSUF9g6D
George Orwell , conservative Christian ? In his old Catholic classmate 's biography , it 's not that ridiculous : https : //t.co/wngpK1SSp6 https : //t.co/yKAnxAwL74
NEW from @ ad_mastro : Toys `` R '' Us became a `` globetrotting retailer piloted by real estate and investment firms , as disconnected from the actual business of selling toys as the executives at Tyson Foods are from raising chickens . '' https : //t.co/fF5HVOUqLP https : //t.co/WESWXgLRNw
`` What on earth did people think Facebook was , a public utility ? As @ ayjay says , hoovering up your data and selling it is Facebook ’ s economic reason to exist ! '' https : //t.co/t332gNH4Cr
Yes , # Russia is building weapons to embolden their first strike nuclear capability beyond anything they have now . Yes , we should get along with them . New Scott Ritter today : https : //t.co/B2NLTF5aMO https : //t.co/Y01tq6pFPw
NEW from @ GarethPorter : Everyone knows Bolton is a hawk . But he 's more than that : less understood is how he labored in secret to drive Washington and Tehran apart . https : //t.co/N1xka49xty https : //t.co/Pu9Le3QdzL
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : Scott Ritter on TAC today : Did we really think # Russia was going to sit on their hands as we pulled out of treaties and…
Northern Virginia did n't always look like this , and it did n't have to . https : //t.co/cUedzB2odA https : //t.co/w9Cvlt3Y2e
There are `` more young Muslims than young Anglicans in the UK . '' https : //t.co/HyYOKAPZVw
`` 'I feel like I ’ m in a very strange liminal flux where I ’ m trying to figure out how being traditionally religious and culturally educated became the ultimate rebellion . ' '' https : //t.co/uZkRPusnBw
`` 'I can ’ t say how many Unitarian sermons I ’ ve sat through that proclaimed universal love in one breath and in the next went on to say “ except for those evil vicious conservatives who can burn in the hell we don ’ t believe in ! ' '' https : //t.co/4z2RzYI3nF
RT @ ad_mastro : This morning in @ amconmag : Did you know one of the real estate firms that bought Toys `` R '' Us began as a 1950s discount store…
`` It is very easy to absorb by osmosis the pseudo-theology of progress that animates much American thought—the hazy idea that God wants us to live in ever-larger single-family McMansions and drive two SUVs in ever-longer commutes out from the exurbs . '' https : //t.co/k52pfGfHeH
You ca n't even publicly state Catholic teaching at a Catholic college . Can you say `` Benedict Option '' ? Dreher : https : //t.co/afucwoVojH
`` When the Cold War ended , Americans chose to view the outcome through the lens of ideology . We congratulated ourselves on winning an unqualified victory , to which we attributed transcendent significance . '' https : //t.co/ATLVUCB98K
Is the problem that we 're paying too *much* attention to globalization 's losers ? https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
`` It ’ s easy to conceive of conservative Evangelical concerns as irritable mental gestures when you don ’ t stand to lose much personally from their losses . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/aKyb3bThr4
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Am1lq1TFzU
`` A civilization that embraces this evil will not stand , nor deserves to . '' https : //t.co/mcSxnHYLGh
`` When we consider religion as nothing more than an imperfect but useful way of expressing higher humanistic or political truths , we quickly find that it has been prostituted . '' https : //t.co/mT9gawqSba
Beat novelist , Catholic , Republican—do you know Jack ? https : //t.co/uXH52gClKF
https : //t.co/ld8d8N85co https : //t.co/a7iXd3cOoA
`` Whatever deficit in cultural identity NoVA may have has been accrued by the technocratic elite that has come to dominate the DC metropolitan area . '' https : //t.co/cUedzB2odA
`` Determined to export the Enlightenment , we ’ d ended up rationalizing the same medieval techniques used by the despotisms we claimed to despise . '' https : //t.co/Am1lq1TFzU
`` Trump ’ s maleficence begets the same in response . '' And so our political system decays . https : //t.co/o3DCVEIzcQ
https : //t.co/3QCcGK6697 https : //t.co/1vtQ04klAj
`` When we consider religion as nothing more than an imperfect but useful way of expressing higher humanistic or political truths , we quickly find that it has been prostituted '' : https : //t.co/mT9gawIt2I
https : //t.co/mT9gawqSba https : //t.co/fmbzX32IPp
https : //t.co/cUedzBjZ58 https : //t.co/679i5MbRIk
`` Fully half of the top 10 highest-income counties in the nation are in Maryland and Virginia ... .There are probably as many Teslas in Fairfax County as there are in Silicon Valley . '' https : //t.co/QGRgSOnc19
https : //t.co/Am1lq2bgYu https : //t.co/FBGM3wstVw
`` 'I can ’ t say how many Unitarian sermons I ’ ve sat through that proclaimed universal love in one breath and in the next went on to say “ except for those evil vicious conservatives who can burn in the hell we don ’ t believe in hahaha ! ' '' https : //t.co/4z2RzYZEMf
Everything you need to know about T.S . Eliot : https : //t.co/xIdJHTTPcd
`` This stuff may start in universities , but it doesn ’ t stay there . There has never been a fad that corporate Human Resources departments don ’ t seize on to justify their existence . '' https : //t.co/ld8d8N85co
`` Nixon demanded personal loyalty , above all and fired those who did not meet expectations . '' Sound familiar ? Craig Shirley : https : //t.co/deTv50Ukel
Dreher : `` Please share your favorite poems in the comments section . I would love it if you could explain why it means a lot to you . '' https : //t.co/Gc94qyJXy3
`` More young Muslims than young Anglicans in the UK . Think about that . '' https : //t.co/HyYOKB7Bk6
RT @ KelleyBVlahos : Putin announced `` unrestrained '' nuke program and a powerful new ballistic missile , prompting Trump to warn against an arm…
Learn what conservatism meant to Russell Kirk . You might not recognize it . https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY
An old school chum tried to posthumously tease out a conservative , even religious strain in # Orwell 's thinking . But did it really exist ? Author John Rodden examines re-pubbed Hollis bio https : //t.co/k9uH8ajFeQ https : //t.co/7nkCavCntT
NEW : So # Putin says # Russia now has a powerful RS-28 'Sarmat ' nuclear ballistic missile , but our CIA & amp ; Def secretaries are playing it down . Ex-weapons inspector Scott Ritter says they should know better . Here 's why : https : //t.co/Cdsh8gjH3f https : //t.co/TNu4bnQ8DQ
NEW : @ GarethPorter on why @ JohnBolton is n't a mere hawk but an operative who was working directly with Israel during the Bush years to push U.S. into war w/ # Iran
https : //t.co/fSL0ocHxzX https : //t.co/RmOLxbx1VZ
RT @ ad_mastro : My latest in @ amconmag : The history of Toys `` R '' Us that you did n't know , and what its demise might signal for the future of…
`` The Russians have far more to lose than the U.S. has to gain from Assad ’ s removal—they are therefore open to investing more than America ever will and ever should . '' https : //t.co/3QCcGJOvhz
NEW tonight from @ ad_mastro Why # ToysRUs demise could be the death knell for American retail . Who cares ? On second thought ... https : //t.co/TDQeMkZQEk

@ NewUrbanism @ StrongTowns @ CFMcElwee https : //t.co/gbAKYlW4Dw
Northern Virginia did n't always look like this , and it did n't have to . https : //t.co/cUedzB2odA https : //t.co/7rZBd960yu
From the archives for # WorldPoetryDay , a review of @ JMWSPT `` The Fortunes of Poetry in an Age of Unmaking '' : https : //t.co/OQl6FroIpn
`` If your religion lines up perfectly with your politics , perhaps you should ask yourself what you ’ re really worshiping . '' https : //t.co/mT9gawqSba
`` Once the standards and values of any institution are gone , they ’ re usually gone for good—and the institution is never the same . '' There 's no reason to think America 's political system is exempt . https : //t.co/o3DCVF0aBq
From the archives for # WorldPoetryDay , @ roddreher on the life-changing experience of reading Dante 's Divine Comedy : https : //t.co/ibz85XLLMy
`` 'If Kim Jong-Un is going to drop a nuclear bomb , ' my dad remarked , 'it should be on Tysons Corner . ' '' https : //t.co/QGRgSO5B9B
The Democrats are left `` without a Tea Party . '' Conor Lamb might not the be the Tea Party , but he 's something . https : //t.co/h41fUc8EJb
`` We don ’ t need to reprise all of the hubris , stupidity , and neoconservative babble that helped tear Iraq apart . '' https : //t.co/upKMPSEp4B
From the archives @ ebruenig : `` Women with incomes at less than 100 percent of the federal poverty level accounted for 42.4 percent of abortions between 2000 and 2008 , while only roughly 15 percent of people total live under the federal poverty line . '' https : //t.co/AIwamqNs73
The spirit of the Stalinist purges has never left a certain segment of the American Left . https : //t.co/VkJmOSAdDJ
If he came back to life , what do you think he 's say about the state of conservatism - or America ? https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY https : //t.co/b2idXZlo7A
`` I was 14 when I handed in that assignment ; I am now 30 and American troops are still in Iraq . '' https : //t.co/Am1lq1TFzU
`` NoVA has become a land of oversized suburban development , strip malls , and town centers indistinguishable from one another ... .Yesterday ’ s TCBY or Tony Roma ’ s is today ’ s Cold Stone Creamery or Chipotle . '' https : //t.co/cUedzB2odA
`` Those who say that gender theory is only a preoccupation of the crazypants academic left have no idea what they ’ re talking about . This stuff may start in universities , but it doesn ’ t stay there . '' https : //t.co/ld8d8MQukQ
`` Rachel Maddow versus Sean Hannity ... .For ordinary folk out in America struggling with the degradation of their political culture , events seem to be saying : pick your poison . '' https : //t.co/o3DCVEIzcQ
RT @ DanielMKishi : The greatest Threat To American Democracy posed by Facebook is not that it can be used to marginally affect election resu…
`` None of our core interests are threatened by what ’ s transpiring in Syria . Russia , however , has great interests at stake . '' https : //t.co/3QCcGJOvhz
RT @ jackhunter74 : The Iraq War ’ s Age of Madness by @ mattpurple | The American Conservative https : //t.co/CvTdkaMeMz via @ amconmag
`` Nixon demanded personal loyalty , above all and fired those who did not meet expectations . '' Sound familiar ? Craig Shirley : https : //t.co/deTv51bVCV
Unfortunately , the illegal , immoral war in Yemen goes on with U.S. assistance . https : //t.co/dDMRNyFJ4G
Even now , `` Max Boot remains today a staunch proponent of empire . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hw5v3u
Readers : What do you wish people knew about your job ? https : //t.co/EkQV7kTeyR
`` When the automobile freed modern people from geographical limits , it not only bound those without cars to their homes but also caused a moral dimension of social life that had been with us since time immemorial to fade from view . '' https : //t.co/2DXQ9YCFJJ
`` If the government should ever shrink , if the financial system should ever truly collapse , or if the military industrial complex stopped turning , this whole region would be depopulated . '' https : //t.co/QGRgSOnc19
`` Sexual desire is inescapably moral and social ... .There is no such thing as truly autonomous desire . '' https : //t.co/Jrw0waPCwH
`` When we consider religion as nothing more than an imperfect but useful way of expressing higher humanistic or political truths , we quickly find that it has been prostituted . '' The movie is just one example . https : //t.co/mT9gawqSba
`` When my own grandfathers moved to Northern Virginia , they entered a region that still maintained a semblance of that Southern identity . My family , as did many others , sought to understand and embrace that culture . '' https : //t.co/cUedzB2odA
`` For these migrants , accompanied by French far leftists , to have invaded and occupied the basilica where French kings are buried—a basilica , by the way , that is today surrounded by a high-crime Muslim ghetto—is a supremely symbolic provocation . '' https : //t.co/V38QilnYYb
RT @ IslandPress : RT @ betterDCregion : We love walkable communities , and so does author Philip Langdon . Join him for a book talk with @ cnudc…
The American psyche , and our political system , has never recovered from the mess of the Iraq War . https : //t.co/Am1lq1TFzU
`` The real problem for America is that Trump ’ s maleficence begets the same in response . '' https : //t.co/o3DCVEIzcQ
`` Let ’ s meet in our shire pub , and talk about a conservatism of the imagination . Let ’ s invite our neighbors into our own Bag Ends , serve good beer , and practice Benedictine hospitality and gratitude to God for all things . '' https : //t.co/5EwZkUfe4T
`` I wish people knew that it is impossible to turn this thing off . I ’ m never not writing . My wife developed a signal to give to me at parties when it ’ s obvious that I have disconnected and have retreated into my head to write in my mind what I ’ m seeing . '' https : //t.co/EkQV7laPXr
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ DanDePetris : Washington should stop talking about escalation in Ghouta , Syria and finally accept international politics for what it is . https : //t.co/3QCcGJOvhz https : //t.co/Txw4qetJL1
From the archives @ LeahLibresco : Has the internet made questions and small talk rude - and destroyed a basic building block of meeting people ? https : //t.co/bMtxmdLG4G
`` Kirk ’ s vision of conservatism was never primarily a political one . Politics should play a role in the lives of Americans , but a role limited to its own sphere that stays out of rival areas of life . '' https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY
`` Torture will have transformed us and so it will consume us . Gina Haspel is a torturer . We are torturers . It is as if Nuremberg never happened . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ
`` The result of treating Christianity as merely a way of talking about other things rather than as a thing in itself is the inevitable conflation of Christianity with secular ideologies . '' https : //t.co/mT9gawqSba https : //t.co/dNytPgrloQ
`` Whatever deficit in cultural identity NoVA may have has been accrued by the technocratic elite that has come to dominate the DC metropolitan area . '' https : //t.co/cUedzBjZ58 https : //t.co/yRYyNQjVgP
Northern Virginia did n't always look like this : https : //t.co/OGNOUYGpcg https : //t.co/nmlh5zKmLH
`` Determined to export the Enlightenment , we ’ d ended up rationalizing the same medieval techniques used by the despotisms we claimed to despise . '' https : //t.co/Am1lq2bgYu https : //t.co/ibFvHyj86s
Bob Merry : `` Nobody credits anybody else with even a modicum of good faith or integrity in the blood feud that now roils our country . '' https : //t.co/o3DCVF0aBq https : //t.co/8ffhJF1DmY
Do you know who he is ? https : //t.co/jKhAhLNjho https : //t.co/OAIdwrlpEc
`` When the Cold War ended 20 years ago , Americans chose to view the outcome through the lens of ideology . We congratulated ourselves on winning an unqualified victory , to which we attributed transcendent significance . '' How 'd that work out ? https : //t.co/ATLVUCSKxk
Readers : This is Northern Virginia , just outside our home base right now . How 's your weather ? It 's a good time to read a book : https : //t.co/wClPqI0X2h https : //t.co/qlA9rXCAcz
TAC 's first-ever cover story warning against the invasion of Iraq ( before it happened ! ) : https : //t.co/hmTp6IYNpl https : //t.co/uHGgLRbxhU
`` Yes , things are hard all over , and getting harder , but just think of what we and our children and our families can have if we not only refuse the darkness , but work to defend and to build our shires ! '' https : //t.co/5EwZkUfe4T
Beat novelist , Catholic , Republican—do you know Jack ? https : //t.co/uXH52gTX9f
Dreher wants to know : `` Let ’ s talk about something apolitical for a moment . What is the thing you wish people knew about your job , but most do not ? '' https : //t.co/EkQV7laPXr
`` The hallways Donald Trump walks are certainly getting lonelier and lonelier , and though he isn ’ t speaking to the presidential portraits as far as we know , the ghost of Richard Milhous Nixon is walking with him . '' https : //t.co/deTv50Ukel
NEW Grayson Quay on @ WrinkleInTime movie : The adaptation of a beloved book , and its Christian subtext , could n't escape the butchery of Hollywood secularism . https : //t.co/mT9gawqSba https : //t.co/mhV8iqCLCj
NEW : The old southern charm of Northern Virginia has largely been destroyed . `` The technocratic elite and their consumerist ways continue to paper over the region ’ s once proud and complex history . '' https : //t.co/cUedzBjZ58 https : //t.co/2Zk1OGFebF
The illegal , immoral war on Yemen continues with U.S. assistance . @ RandPaul @ DanielLarison https : //t.co/dDMRNyo8d8
RT @ accuracy : U.S. Saudi Lobby “ in Overdrive ” as U.S . Helps Starve Yemen @ KelleyBVlahos # YemenCantWait # Yemen # SaudiCrownPrinceVisitUS
ht…
NEW @ MattPurple : `` Iraq changed us forever : along with the recession it was one of two blows to our national psyche that precipitated our fraught present times . '' And now we 're considering John Bolton ? https : //t.co/Am1lq2bgYu https : //t.co/e24o8ypahz
NEW from TAC Editor Bob Merry : Trump and the Dems are locked in a race to the bottom , and American politics may never recover . https : //t.co/o3DCVF0aBq https : //t.co/kun6RNv5Dm
Rand Paul is tired of the `` neoconservative babble '' that destroyed Iraq and squandered American blood and treasure . https : //t.co/upKMPSEp4B
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY https : //t.co/W5jNUV6vgQ
`` Catholic life in the United States has been heavily Protestantized—which is to say , modernized . '' https : //t.co/0N5g5133Dd
`` The president is excessively fond of many foreign authoritarian leaders , but with the Saudis he still seems to be even more under their sway ever since they buttered him up during his visit to Riyadh . '' https : //t.co/5iUQccfV4g
`` 'Intersectionality is a buzzword that has practically lost meaning . It was never meant to intersect woman with penis . ' '' https : //t.co/lqwtJ0la6D
A nutty essay asks , `` In other words , if you say that one ’ s sexual desire is immune from moral critique , then aren ’ t you giving a pass to bigotry ? '' https : //t.co/Jrw0waPCwH
It 's not just 60 Minutes that 's in the tank for MbS : https : //t.co/zK3rUb04su
`` Nothing will say more about who we 've become as a nation than if a torturer is allowed to head the CIA . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd2gTIz
If this deserves a prize , so does traditional human-oriented architecture . https : //t.co/mxrpytkZja https : //t.co/77zwsGOSF7
`` Family , business , education , and religion should each remain sovereign , devoid of politics and politicization . '' https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY
`` 'What the Earth wants for us , or more specifically what a particular place on Earth that we call home wants for us , isn ’ t supposed to meet any kind of obligation of left or right . ' '' https : //t.co/AVlpYIkevb
Rand Paul : `` If John Bolton had his way , our nation would be embroiled in dozens of armed conflicts in every corner of the world . '' https : //t.co/EvX3Sw6zxZ
`` Seldom has a nation relinquished a position of advantage as quickly and recklessly as has the United States in just the past two decades . '' https : //t.co/ATLVUCB98K
17 years of disaster , and Max Boot `` remains today a staunch proponent of empire . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hw5v3u
`` 'Love for Creation is love for Creation , it ’ s like the love of your own children : it ’ s not a victory to be won or a philosophy to be fulfilled , it ’ s a living , breathing relationship with living beings that are sacred to you . ' '' https : //t.co/AVlpYIBPmJ
`` A civilization that embraces this evil will not stand , nor deserves to . '' https : //t.co/mcSxnHHahH https : //t.co/CH67d1KIIV
`` Zoning more or less prohibits the building of traditional towns ... .The familiar pattern of meandering cul-de-sac neighborhoods and dense commercial highway strips is not an organic settlement pattern but a legal mandate . '' https : //t.co/wClPqI0X2h
`` Let ’ s meet in our shire pub , and talk about a conservatism of the imagination . Let ’ s invite our neighbors into our own Bag Ends , serve good beer , and practice Benedictine hospitality and gratitude to God for all things . '' https : //t.co/5EwZkTXCGj
https : //t.co/dDlNIe9brw https : //t.co/AGlNoafniK
`` 'My children say they don ’ t want to have children , that there ’ s no point in it , ' he mused . 'They say Europe is eventually going to be ruled by Muslims , so they just want to live out their lives , enjoying what they can . ' '' https : //t.co/W8PFJtJEaU
https : //t.co/tmFpwnxPF6 https : //t.co/1dhIhVVHQ1
https : //t.co/Kpm36emqeF https : //t.co/O2za1hGazj
`` Imagine dozens of aisles of garden gnomes , welcome mats , rugs , brass urns , and hundreds of other tchotchkes and trinkets . Then imagine , if you will , the tens of thousands of similar stores across the country , filled to the brim with the same junk . '' https : //t.co/OGNOUYoNNG
https : //t.co/y0vkh50cKL https : //t.co/5jpjDD9XlA
https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY https : //t.co/vycPWnoeyI
Which former president is most like Trump ? https : //t.co/deTv51bVCV
NEW Grayson Quay : Unfortunately the adaptation of # WrinkleInTime did not escape the butchery of Hollywood secularism https : //t.co/7isuB1GrDS https : //t.co/U1KYqMDEMs
`` We don ’ t need to reprise all of the hubris , stupidity , and neoconservative babble that helped tear Iraq apart . '' https : //t.co/upKMPSEp4B
`` When the automobile freed modern people from geographical limits , it not only bound those without cars to their homes but also caused a moral dimension of social life that had been with us since time immemorial to fade from view . '' https : //t.co/2DXQ9YCFJJ
`` It ’ s easy to conceive of conservative Evangelical concerns as irritable mental gestures when you don ’ t stand to lose much personally from their losses . '' Dreher : https : //t.co/aKyb3bThr4
NEW : Casey Chalk on being 3rd generation Northern Virginian : The new elites paved over history and now grab their gas and groceries on what 's left of it . https : //t.co/WfxsNITIVG https : //t.co/ikyLcZkzTF
NEW @ MattPurple : The # IraqWar precipitated an age of madness from which this country has yet to recover https : //t.co/x0sR9GMghV https : //t.co/A75FFaSBnj
Dreher reader on transgenderism as consumerism : `` The Left here seems to be caught in the final absurdity of consumer society . The sick commodification of all life has reached the body and shrewdly branded itself as social justice ! '' https : //t.co/JtyPCrIyDl
`` I have often called the Iraq war a blunder , and I have sometimes called it an enormous crime , and it was both . '' https : //t.co/1GMNYL15Lf
This is a romantic dinner captured in Google Maps Street View . Yours might be on there too . https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf https : //t.co/KPipjoqofL
NEW : TAC 's Bob Merry on the final debasement of American politics -- a race to the bottom that began with the Clintons and is headed to the finish in a tie https : //t.co/zywsdYmHCY https : //t.co/MOgG0d56hf
Canada 's Donald Trump ? https : //t.co/dDlNIeqMQ6
Another betrayal for the Kurds ? https : //t.co/y0vkh50cKL
`` Iran hawks are working overtime to make sure that no one can trust the U.S. to honor our commitments . '' Larison : https : //t.co/zAMnacZG05
After Democrats lost in 1876 , they set about investigating the new Republican president—only for everything to backfire . https : //t.co/Kpm36emqeF
`` It is important—critically so—to remember that Kirk ’ s vision of conservatism was never primarily a political one . Politics should play a role in the lives of Americans , but a role limited to its own sphere that stays out of rival areas of life . '' https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY
`` Torture will have transformed us and so it will consume us . Gina Haspel is a torturer . We are torturers . It is as if Nuremberg never happened . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ
The beautiful , good side of Paganism ? https : //t.co/AVlpYIBPmJ
Is the problem that we 're paying too *much* attention to globalization 's losers ? https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
`` When the Cold War ended 20 years ago , Americans chose to view the outcome through the lens of ideology . We congratulated ourselves on winning an unqualified victory , to which we attributed transcendent significance . '' How 'd that work out ? https : //t.co/ATLVUCB98K
`` 'What might come as a surprise , not just to our enemies , but to many Americans , is how little these practices did to aid our efforts to bring 9/11 culprits to justice and to find and prevent terrorist attacks today and tomorrow . ' '' https : //t.co/iLg7kuhaA7
TAC 's first-ever cover story warning against the invasion of Iraq : https : //t.co/hmTp6JgoNV https : //t.co/0a9upiJlZ9
Is transgenderism the end stage of capitalism ? https : //t.co/JtyPCrIyDl
`` The administration has no stomach for a military game of chicken with Turkey , which means the U.S. almost certainly will abandon the Kurds again . '' https : //t.co/y0vkh5hO9l
`` Amidst the angry partisan frenzy , the only hard evidence of corruption points to the Democratic campaign . '' https : //t.co/Kpm36e4OQ5
`` At some point , lines have to be drawn : beyond this point , you have left authentic Catholicism . For modernist types , religion is infinitely malleable , because it is about arranging theological claims to suit our desires . '' https : //t.co/0N5g5133Dd
The roots of conservatism `` can be found in Kirk ’ s thought , an eccentric but effective and potent mixture of Stoicism , Burkeanism , anarchism , romanticism , and humanism . '' https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY
Do you remember Toronto 's Rob Ford ? His brother is running for office : https : //t.co/dDlNIe9brw
`` Before our invasion , Iraq never had a suicide-terrorist attack in its history . Never . '' https : //t.co/kTYRAidHQX https : //t.co/qtTxqV6PLP
`` 'So much of modern occultism came from Protestant England . I think the idea that all of this fascination with occultism is perhaps a yearning to reclaim Catholicism without being so unpatriotic as to become Catholic is worth some consideration . ' '' https : //t.co/lqwtJ03zf5
https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP https : //t.co/p0kIJu0rzo
`` Think of Kamila Bendova , through the dark days and darker nights of the communist tyranny , her husband imprisoned in a dungeon of Mordor , holed up in her family ’ s high-ceilinged apartment , reading Tolkien to her children to form their imaginations . '' https : //t.co/5EwZkUfe4T
Remember when Trump said we should even torture the *families* of terrorists ? https : //t.co/iLg7kuhaA7
NEW @ CraigSBPA Craig Shirley : `` Trump believes the only support he needs is from himself , his family , his advisors and his supporters , not the American people at large , nor the free world . '' https : //t.co/deTv51bVCV
Maybe Lamb won not because he had the best strategy for Democrats , but because he actually represented the people he is supposed to represent . https : //t.co/0PoRf9evHl
War criminals ? https : //t.co/1GMNYL15Lf https : //t.co/SMAsAmWFqB
Buchanan : `` What should Trump ’ s posture be ? Stand by our British ally but insist privately on a full investigation and convincing proof before taking any irreversible action . '' https : //t.co/xGkV24OiJD
Is the Mueller investigation an example of history rhyming ? https : //t.co/Kpm36emqeF
`` Max Boot remains today a staunch proponent of empire , even if the term itself has since fallen from favor . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hw5v3u
If we just get out of the Middle East , then we can stop stringing along the Kurds too . https : //t.co/y0vkh5hO9l
`` Amidst today ’ s whirligig of populist conservatism , crass conservatism , and consumerist conservatism , we conservatives and libertarians have almost completely forgotten our roots . '' https : //t.co/jKhAhLNjho
`` It ’ s horrifying the extent to which we will slash , hack , and mangle bodies and language to create our own realities . It ’ s the violence done to language that is more dangerous , because language is how we order our experience of the real . '' https : //t.co/JtyPCrIyDl
RT @ SeattlePacific : Check out Political Science Professor and SPU Debate Team Coach Bradley Murg quoted in an @ amconmag article on how the…
`` In the culture war , the Left is an advanced industrial power , while the Right can only muster the equivalent of lightly armed local militias . But that ’ s another issue . '' https : //t.co/aKyb3bThr4
Rand Paul : `` I want to continue making America great again . That won ’ t happen if we give power-hungry neocons the reins to our nation ’ s foreign policy . '' https : //t.co/EvX3Swoapx
TAC Afternoon Edition : Doug Ford , brother of the infamous Rob Ford , is as outrageous as you 'd expect - and proof that the Trump phenomenon is alive and well in Canada . https : //t.co/dDlNIe9brw https : //t.co/EoHDKT8i3T
`` Progressive modernism requires a quiescent , conformist citizenry , but the resulting decline in energy and creativity weakens its welfare state socially , morally , and financially . '' https : //t.co/xHUozlvtch
`` Arguing over just how much blood she has in her hands is a distraction from the fact that she indeed has blood on her hands . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ https : //t.co/9vsxhXYaWk
RT @ ISI : Must-read in @ amconmag by @ bradleybirzer : https : //t.co/uPvhn4gukT
https : //t.co/mcSxnHHahH https : //t.co/ZMJHUcC7JQ
`` Was it the work of rogue agents who desired the consequences that they knew the murder of Skripal would produce—a deeper and more permanent split between Russia and the West ? '' https : //t.co/xGkV24wHS5 https : //t.co/Hc9Zfk7qoG
Trump vs. Mueller , 1876 edition : https : //t.co/Kpm36emqeF https : //t.co/ymYBr1BiIS
`` Has the foreign policy establishment learned the lessons of Iraq ? Not at all . '' Too bad . https : //t.co/upKMPSW0tb
`` Humpty Dumpty has fallen off the wall . He can ’ t be put back together by anyone . What emerges next is impossible to predict , but it isn ’ t Washington ’ s responsibility . '' https : //t.co/y0vkh5hO9l https : //t.co/QIgEL3zXaW
`` It was after a messy breakup with a girlfriend in the fall of that year that a dispirited Kirk devoted himself to 'an invigoration of conservative principles . ' '' It became `` The Conservative Mind . '' https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY https : //t.co/Ujnfr9xWzk
Our first cover story ever , against the Iraq War ( before it began ! ) : https : //t.co/hmTp6JgoNV https : //t.co/ylYeTGYMPm
Torturer . https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ https : //t.co/8nL1dW1WcB
`` It ’ s horrifying the extent to which we will slash , hack , and mangle bodies and language to create our own realities . his is ultimately not a sexual , medical , political , or linguistic problem . It is ultimately a metaphysical problem . '' https : //t.co/JtyPCs09uT
It 's not just 60 Minutes than 's in the tank for him : https : //t.co/zK3rUb04su https : //t.co/we5w8BR4MW
From the archives : The Constitution is compatible with pure traditionalism and absolute liberty alike . https : //t.co/xHUozldRNH
. @ KarlRove reviews TAC Editor Robert Merry 's latest book on President McKinley in the Claremont Review @ ClaremontInst ! https : //t.co/90Jc3ykm6A
Was he right ? https : //t.co/I1YGmKGHsZ https : //t.co/0kZXlI7SlR
`` We don ’ t need to reprise all of the hubris , stupidity , and neoconservative babble that helped tear Iraq apart . '' https : //t.co/upKMPSW0tb
`` 'Cui bono ? ' runs the always relevant Ciceronian question . 'Who benefits ' from this criminal atrocity ? Certainly , in this case , not Russia , not the Kremlin , not Putin . '' Buchanan : https : //t.co/xGkV24wHS5
NEW @ FredLucasWH : The Democrats have investigated a new Republican president before . It did n't go so well then : https : //t.co/Kpm36emqeF https : //t.co/RJs0GuNL97
https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf https : //t.co/RURch5nR88
NEW : Is anyone surprised ? Why did we ever made a post-ISIS commitment to Kurds in the first place ? @ Doug_Bandow : https : //t.co/y0vkh50cKL https : //t.co/KXBZuuwjSQ
NEW : You better know who he is ! It would have been the 100th birthday of the man who brought American conservatism to life . @ bradleybirzer : https : //t.co/jKhAhM4UFY https : //t.co/pnpLTKzHGv
RT @ Doug_Bandow : Good at least one republican is ready to fight @ POTUS bad appointments . https : //t.co/E1eS7kmQjO
RT @ mattduss : The WSJ ’ s Pathetic Case for Supporting the War on Yemen | The American Conservative https : //t.co/mbtQcUbFsh via @ amconmag
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4 https : //t.co/ce9cYtTisc
`` One Czech Catholic told me , “ There are people here who say that Muslims don ’ t have a culture . That ’ s ridiculous . They have an old culture , a strong culture . It ’ s a distinct civilization , but it ’ s not our civilization . ' '' https : //t.co/W8PFJtJEaU
Your reading list for the week . From @ Jhkunstler to @ VDHanson : https : //t.co/wClPqIixTP
Trump is appointing neocons . Rand Paul is having none of it : https : //t.co/EvX3Sw6zxZ
`` There is no news value in giving a foreign leader a major news program to use as his megaphone to spread misinformation and lies . Unfortunately , 60 Minutes allowed itself to be used in just this way . '' https : //t.co/TABpQ6uGKb
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/I1YGmKp64p https : //t.co/Up5kkDzhBc
In a TAC exclusive , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul explains why we ca n't afford any more war-happy neocons : https : //t.co/EvX3Swoapx
`` Gina Haspel is a torturer . We are torturers . It is as if Nuremberg never happened . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd2gTIz
`` Catholic life in the United States ( at least ) has been heavily Protestantized—which is to say , modernized—in that it ’ s quite common for US Catholics to assert the right to make their own decisions about what ’ s true and what ’ s not . '' https : //t.co/0N5g5133Dd
More thoughts from a Dreher reader who began as a leftist pagan and became a conservative Catholic : https : //t.co/lqwtJ03zf5
Could the Soviets have been our friends ? It looked like it in 1945 : https : //t.co/yUThGlr5U5
`` The contempt Pope Francis and his regime have for the thought and legacies of Benedict XVI and John Paul II is breathtaking . '' https : //t.co/8mAWT1UYk5
`` Arguing over just how much blood she has in her hands is a distraction from the fact that she indeed has blood on her hands . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ
17 years of disaster , and Max Boot `` remains today a staunch proponent of empire , even if the term itself has since fallen from favor . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
`` Burke saw that total criticism demands total transformation , which demands total control . All the horrors of the 'totalitarian ' regimes of the 20th century were intimated in Burke ’ s insight into the French Revolution . '' https : //t.co/tYTsn4akFt
`` If safe mobility requires purchasing a two-ton vehicle to get around , are we really as free as we imagine ? '' https : //t.co/mw2JH5rv8o
https : //t.co/upKMPSEp4B https : //t.co/KXFNkRUTcT
`` If we look beyond dollars , francs , pounds , and marks , the toll of war grows endless . After World War I , there were no young men on the streets of Paris . '' https : //t.co/93A7S5JJaw
https : //t.co/wClPqI0X2h https : //t.co/UeuNhOeeFE
https : //t.co/0PoRf9w6yT https : //t.co/VGliLl5Qhs
`` Edmund Burke might not like what American conservatism has become , with its devotion to abstract rights , democracy , and perpetual growth . '' https : //t.co/akOKTcNrVt
https : //t.co/yUThGl9v2x https : //t.co/Od5zgJOqN9
https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ https : //t.co/vNDomzg4Hp
`` John Mellencamp is a walking contradiction : a self-identified redneck but politically liberal ; a world famous musician who has married or dated models and actresses , but who never had a permanent residence outside southern Indiana . '' https : //t.co/SAvLEW8ve6
`` 'Most of Wiccan-influenced paganism is based on gender stereotypes that makes the Catholic church look wildly progressive . ' '' https : //t.co/lqwtJ0la6D
`` If we reflect on Enoch Powell ’ s speech from our present perspective , it hardly seems obvious that even his most dire warnings were overwrought . '' https : //t.co/I1YGmKp64p
`` If this were an interview with the de facto ruler of an adversary , we would not be watching this ridiculous kid-gloves treatment of a known war criminal . '' https : //t.co/TABpQ6uGKb
The Iraq War began 15 years ago today . https : //t.co/upKMPSEp4B https : //t.co/Cme7ygvGN4
NEW from Pat Buchanan : How would Putin benefit from poisoning ex-spy in the UK ? https : //t.co/XTdCR5Q6z5 https : //t.co/gfq0ITuK8J
The left has readopted its 1930s purge-happy mindset , in spirit if not in substance . Bacevich : https : //t.co/VkJmOSAdDJ
Do you think this is beautiful ? https : //t.co/GHdq7E03cg https : //t.co/jRWHxrOplT
NEW @ FredLucasWH : Presage for the Dems today ? After Democrats lost in 1876 , they set about investigating the new Republican president—only for everything to backfire https : //t.co/NvgMcj6coD https : //t.co/l5HFbS7UEb
NEW : @ Doug_Bandow : Washington throws the # Kurds under the bus again , leaves them at the mercy of the # Turks . Why are we even there ? https : //t.co/xV3MG2zhLd https : //t.co/K06S0WHm0x
NEW from @ bradleybirzer : Happy 100th birthday Russell Kirk , the man who laid modern conservatism 's roots https : //t.co/xM8LvOknYR @ Hillsdale @ imaginativecons https : //t.co/s6P1ZrNRqN
`` In choosing not to align himself perfectly with one party or the other , Lamb actually did what politicians are supposed to do ... Lamb represents an old-school style of union Democrat who allows for flexibility and realism . '' https : //t.co/0PoRf9w6yT
Sometimes it 's good to put down politics : https : //t.co/XikvlcPNsD https : //t.co/D9YJ2wm2vL
Maybe Lamb won not because he had the best strategy for Democrats , but because he actually represented the people he is supposed to represent . https : //t.co/0PoRf9w6yT
`` Unless Congress awakens to confront this nightmare and deny Gina Haspel ’ s nomination as director of the CIA , torture will have transformed us and so it will consume us . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd2gTIz
If only we 'd listened to an eccentric CIA operative , we might have won the Vietnam War - or so Max Boot believes : https : //t.co/N8N0hw5v3u
`` 'Intersectionality is a buzzword that has practically lost meaning . It was never meant to intersect woman with penis . ' '' https : //t.co/lqwtJ03zf5
In once-rural Loudoun County , `` structures resemble the architecture of Loire Valley , Elizabethan England , or Renaissance Tuscany as imagined by Walt Disney , or Liberace . '' https : //t.co/YrfZ6fJb54
`` She was expressing how shocking it is to have come out of an atheist , relativist background , washed ashore onto what she took as the rock of truth , only to be faced with a crisis exacerbated by what she believes to be this pontiff ’ s recklessness . '' https : //t.co/0N5g51kEuL
`` 'Hopeful nostalgia ' might seem like a contradiction , but in a country that has a progressive movement dedicated to wiping out the past and a conservative movement too often committed to killing the future , it might be exactly what the culture needs . '' https : //t.co/SAvLEW8ve6
Rand Paul : `` If John Bolton had his way , our nation would be embroiled in dozens of armed conflicts in every corner of the world . '' https : //t.co/EvX3Swoapx
This is a computer-generated image . `` One day the imagery and the computer-generated interpolations will probably be good enough that you can simulate an actual drive down the highway , perhaps aided by a VR headset . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf https : //t.co/mOnqGCsn1q
https : //t.co/0PoRf9w6yT https : //t.co/mU98SnMYdW
`` The earnest hopes of the past for good relations with the Soviets were over , save for the thinning ranks of the fellow-traveling left . '' https : //t.co/yUThGlr5U5
`` In order to make sure that no one ever waits five minutes for a spot , we pave over double or triple the amount of land that is really needed , and mostly never use it for anything . '' https : //t.co/OGNOUYGpcg
`` Gina Haspel is now eligible for the CIA directorship because Barack Obama did not prosecute anyone for torture ... He did not hold any truth commissions ... He did not prosecute the CIA officials who destroyed videotapes of the torture scenes . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd2gTIz
`` Has the foreign policy establishment learned the lessons of Iraq ? Not at all , and now some of the same people who trumpeted the war in 2002 and 2003 are being seriously considered for senior national security positions in the Trump administration . '' https : //t.co/upKMPSW0tb
. @ stevenacook `` wants to send more Americans into at least two wars and possibly more , he wants the U.S. to back more Israeli wars against their neighbors , and he wants the U.S. to do this to make sure that our clients don ’ t fall into Moscow ’ s orbit . '' https : //t.co/4YSNcC5VZg
Rand Paul writes for TAC : `` I want to be clear . This issue is much bigger than a simple disagreement over policy—and far more consequential . These are dangerous appointments . '' https : //t.co/EvX3Swoapx
ICYMI : `` All of this talk about how Tillerson was an ineffective diplomat just isn ’ t true . '' They did n't like him because he *was* a diplomat . https : //t.co/ChTDy6giqM
Was he right ? https : //t.co/I1YGmKp64p https : //t.co/8M2Os50Pa1
https : //t.co/SAvLEWq65E https : //t.co/P1TAilWMTw
RT @ ad_mastro : I have a writeup of James Howard Kunstler 's `` The Geography of Nowhere '' in my entry for @ amconmag 's Bookshelf series today : h…
RT @ KatrinaNation : https : //t.co/l7ccwYM9Tl
`` This is the kind of talk that leaves one wondering whether the looming civic battle over the definition of America—the globalist vision versus the nationalist one—can be adjudicated through peaceful democratic means . '' https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP https : //t.co/q2ZB664znp
`` America ’ s readers are so intoxicated by World War II that they can ’ t get enough of it—as they were once nursed on the milk of the Civil War . '' https : //t.co/wClPqIixTP
RT @ ad_mastro : They 've got a new sign up , so it 's a good time to repost my @ amconmag classic ... https : //t.co/AZGx242AiV https : //t.co/2z6r7m…
Lamb 's refusal to be pinned down ideologically might be pandering , but it 's also the actual job of a representative . https : //t.co/0PoRf9evHl
RT @ IP_URP : DC folks know that city life is the best when things are within walking distance ! Join @ cnudc @ amconmag & amp ; @ IslandPress author P…
`` There was plenty of unsettling violence in the late 1960s , and we ’ ll never know how close the country came to real societal instability . '' https : //t.co/I1YGmKp64p
Could the Soviets have been our friends ? It sure looked like it in 1945 : https : //t.co/yUThGl9v2x
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : . @ DanielLarison : # MBS arrives in Washington today and the corporate media is already giving him everything he wants . ht…
RT @ Vlahos_at_TAC : Thank you @ GeneHealy for reminding us who was on the right side of history on March 19 , 2003

@ DanDePetris has more on t…
Gina Haspel is a torturer , full stop . `` Arguing over just how much blood she has in her hands is a distraction from the fact that she indeed has blood on her hands . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/zDkko4hL0X https : //t.co/F5mZG1wmC8
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/ywGbqgV4WL https : //t.co/ZT1rJpR8yG
17 years of disaster , and Max Boot `` remains today a staunch proponent of empire , even if the term itself has since fallen from favor . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
TAC Afternoon Edition from @ DanDePetris : On March 19 , 2003 , America initiated its worst foreign policy blunder since Vietnam . Has anyone learned anything since ? https : //t.co/upKMPSW0tb https : //t.co/PKgxfv2lsq
`` Real conservatives hate war . If that now sounds as strange as thinking of blue as the conservative color , we can thank a bunch of ( ex ? ) -Trotskyites who stole our name . '' https : //t.co/93A7S5JJaw
`` The contempt Pope Francis and his regime have for the thought and legacies of Benedict XVI and John Paul II is breathtaking . '' https : //t.co/8mAWT1UYk5
Dreher : `` One Czech Catholic told me , “ There are people here who say that Muslims don ’ t have a culture . That ’ s ridiculous . They have an old culture , a strong culture . It ’ s a distinct civilization , but it ’ s not our civilization . ' '' https : //t.co/W8PFJtJEaU
`` His blogging is entertaining and touches lots of different current issues , but his 1993 book 'The Geography of Nowhere ' displays a Kunstler with more message discipline . '' @ ad_mastro @ Vlahos_at_TAC @ markperrydc in this week 's # TACBookshelf : https : //t.co/wClPqI0X2h https : //t.co/ok8jFRIjSP
`` The point of Lamb ’ s win is that we should not try to impose some nationalized process or pattern on politicians who are meant to support and represent their districts . '' We , and our representatives , should remember that more often . https : //t.co/0PoRf9evHl https : //t.co/fnn6RNWHd4
`` If this were an interview with the de facto ruler of an adversary , we would not be watching this ridiculous kid-gloves treatment of a known war criminal . '' https : //t.co/TABpQ6uGKb
`` Within days of the war ’ s end , a Gallup poll showed that a majority of the American public—54 percent—believed the Soviet Union could be trusted to cooperate with America . '' https : //t.co/yUThGlr5U5 https : //t.co/FTGgJU7xAo
`` Haspel ’ s victims waiting for death in Guantanamo can not speak to us , though they no doubt remember their own screams as they were waterboarded ... .'We did call her Bloody Gina . ' '' https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ https : //t.co/HPyRrZwACD
`` In order to make sure that no one ever waits five minutes for a spot , we pave over double or triple the amount of land that is really needed , and mostly never use it for anything . '' https : //t.co/OGNOUYoNNG https : //t.co/meMm1lgugU
https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf https : //t.co/yGt2RB2dvk
When Tillerson was fired , `` there was ... a celebration at the offices of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies . '' https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm
In a TAC exclusive , Kentucky senator @ RandPaul explains why we ca n't afford any more war-happy neocons : https : //t.co/EvX3Sw6zxZ
`` John Mellencamp is a walking contradiction : a self-identified redneck but politically liberal ; a world famous musician who has married or dated models and actresses , but who never had a permanent residence outside southern Indiana . '' https : //t.co/SAvLEWq65E
`` This all brings to mind an amusing formulation of Plutarch ’ s famous Ship of Theseus thought experiment : if none of the original stores or landmarks remain along a highway , is it the same highway ? '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf
`` The question before the Senate is whether they will magnify the mistake of giving torturers a pass by giving one of them a promotion to the highest ranks of our government . '' https : //t.co/6zpCywbAef
NEW this week 's # TACBookshelf : We 're reading about Vietnam , World War II , and suburbia this time : https : //t.co/wClPqIixTP https : //t.co/FSVXXn0vJI
NEW from @ gracyolmstead : `` In choosing not to align himself perfectly with one party or the other , Lamb actually did what politicians are supposed to do ... Lamb represents an old-school style of union Democrat who allows for flexibility and realism . '' https : //t.co/0PoRf9w6yT https : //t.co/7CtVmivfjR
`` There is no news value in giving a foreign leader a major news program to use as his megaphone to spread misinformation and lies . Unfortunately , 60 Minutes allowed itself to be used in just this way . '' https : //t.co/TABpQ6MhBJ
NEW : Before the Cold War , most Americans thought the Soviets would continue to be faithful allies . Then , within a matter of days 3 unrelating things happened that changed the next 40 yrs . https : //t.co/yUThGl9v2x https : //t.co/HBW3VH076V
NEW @ WeMeantWell on Gina Haspel nomination : `` Nothing will say more about who we 've become as a nation than if a torturer is allowed to head the CIA . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd2gTIz https : //t.co/DPbvOjWmj8
Senator Rand Paul on John Bolton : `` If he had his way , our nation would be embroiled in dozens of armed conflicts in every corner of the world . '' https : //t.co/EvX3Swoapx
`` 'My children say they don ’ t want to have children , that there ’ s no point in it , ' he mused . 'They say Europe is eventually going to be ruled by Muslims , so they just want to live out their lives , enjoying what they can . ' '' https : //t.co/W8PFJtJEaU
`` If we reflect on Enoch Powell ’ s speech from our present perspective , it hardly seems obvious that even his most dire warnings were overwrought . '' https : //t.co/I1YGmKGHsZ
`` The U.S. Constitution teaches urgent lessons about leadership , and the American constitutional temperament is highly relevant to foreign affairs . Yet today ’ s historical circumstances seem to conspire against this temperament . '' https : //t.co/gin62VXi5v
`` What ’ s so different about these European audiences is that unlike most American Christians , they do not need convincing about the reality and the nature of the crisis . '' https : //t.co/W8PFJu1f2s
`` Max Boot is a journalist , historian , and unabashed imperialist . He remains today a staunch proponent of empire . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
The Saudi Prince 's 'roadshow ' comes to DC today . If the red carpet seems a little thick , here 's a primer on who , and how much much money is behind it . # MBS # SaudiLobby https : //t.co/DgMVOWxfmi
`` The familiar pattern of meandering cul-de-sac neighborhoods and dense commercial highway strips is not an organic settlement pattern but a legal mandate . '' https : //t.co/wClPqIixTP
`` The Pennsylvania Democrat eschewed ideological litmus tests and appealed to his community . That 's less common than it used to be . '' https : //t.co/0PoRf9evHl
How the Cold War happened : https : //t.co/yUThGl9v2x
`` Nothing will say more about who we 've become as a nation than if a torturer is allowed to head the CIA . '' https : //t.co/ko0vd1ZijZ
`` Max Boot is a journalist , historian , and unabashed imperialist . He remains today a staunch proponent of empire . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' Bacevich : https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
`` What ’ s so different about these European audiences is that unlike most American Christians , they do not need convincing about the reality and the nature of the crisis . '' https : //t.co/W8PFJtJEaU
`` The U.S. Constitution teaches urgent lessons about leadership , and the American constitutional temperament is highly relevant to foreign affairs . Yet today ’ s historical circumstances seem to conspire against this temperament . '' https : //t.co/gin62WeTu5
`` What Pompeo calls surrender is what sane people call compromise . '' https : //t.co/cY6lp85liO
Good , traditional architecture gets some recognition , but it could sure use more . https : //t.co/mxrpytCAaI
Rand Paul : `` We can throw it all away by allowing neocon interventionists to infiltrate our leadership and make America the purveyor of destruction . '' https : //t.co/EvX3Swoapx
The Saudi Prince 's 'roadshow ' comes to DC tomorrow . If the red carpet seems a little thick , here 's a primer on who , and how much much money is behind it . # MBS # SaudiLobby https : //t.co/DgMVOWxfmi https : //t.co/tdCugJy4c4
RT @ RandPaul : `` This issue is much bigger than a simple disagreement over policy—and far more consequential . ''
https : //t.co/P67YjAC7nz
RT @ notjessewalker : Max Boot offers a new if-we'd-done-THIS-we-could've-won-in-Vietnam theory . Andrew Bacevich takes it apart . https : //t.co…
`` It is much more likely that Kim would feel vindicated in North Korea ’ s pursuit of nuclear weapons when he sees the U.S. refuses to honor its commitments to Iran . '' https : //t.co/UgEbXC6QIy
# Kushner could n't get funds from the Qatari finance minister to fund his father 's real estate HQ in NYC . Soon after , his friends at UAE & amp ; Saudi Arabia launched a crippling blockade against Qatar w/ Trump 's blessing . https : //t.co/un1qa6fHQl
`` That Street View begins just before the Great Recession is useful for these purposes ; the post-recession era as well as the low period during the recession caused a lot of churn in the built environment . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf
`` If we reflect on Enoch Powell ’ s speech from our present perspective , it hardly seems obvious that even his most dire warnings were overwrought . '' https : //t.co/I1YGmKp64p
We got a different Robert Bork 's America : https : //t.co/JfixJSpcmr
Another one for the `` Pope Francis is like Trump '' file ? https : //t.co/8mAWT2czbD
The media is responsible for what it does n't cover too . https : //t.co/8t2t9udy3P
Haywire politics is religion when there 's no religion . https : //t.co/QgeItF3kR9
`` 'My children say they don ’ t want to have children , that there ’ s no point in it , ' he mused . 'They say Europe is eventually going to be ruled by Muslims , so they just want to live out their lives , enjoying what they can . ' '' https : //t.co/W8PFJtJEaU
Senator Rand Paul on John Bolton : `` If he had his way , our nation would be embroiled in dozens of armed conflicts in every corner of the world . '' https : //t.co/aIAYj0o1Y3
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/ywGbqgV4WL
RT @ jason_a_w : Pretty amusing Bacevich review of Max Boot ’ s new book on Edward Landsdale https : //t.co/mUWcNgbwwa via @ Instapaper
`` Imagine dozens of aisles of garden gnomes , welcome mats , rugs , brass urns , and hundreds of other tchotchkes and trinkets . Then imagine , if you will , the tens of thousands of similar stores across the country , filled to the brim with the same junk . '' https : //t.co/OGNOUYGpcg
When Tillerson was fired , `` there was ... a celebration at the offices of the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies . '' https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm
Is diversity without tribalism possible ? https : //t.co/I1YGmKp64p
`` Europe may succeed at keeping out the refugees , but unless the rock-bottom birth rate in European nations rebounds , it will be futile . '' https : //t.co/W8PFJtJEaU
. @ RandPaul writes for TAC on Trump 's latest nominations : `` These are dangerous appointments ... .I find them unacceptable , and I won ’ t support them . '' https : //t.co/aIAYj0o1Y3
The postwar philosophical conservatives ' distinguishing characteristic was not what they were against but what they were for : restoring the roots of civilized conduct in literature , philosophy , and personal character . https : //t.co/LYWCtH3QHA
`` John Mellencamp is a walking contradiction : a self-identified redneck but politically liberal ; a world famous musician who has married or dated models and actresses , but who never had a permanent residence outside southern Indiana . '' https : //t.co/SAvLEWq65E
`` Don ’ t you think being born here , and loving the place and the people , along with the system of government , means something ? '' https : //t.co/bsCc4q36vj
`` Eventually smashing your opponent ’ s head in during a street brawl will be the only language of persuasion that people understand . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1kh6Mu3
`` Max Boot is a journalist , historian , and unabashed imperialist . He remains today a staunch proponent of empire . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
`` The thrust of American legalism militates against executive clemency , which seems to many a kind of short circuit , a deus ex machina , an insult to the rule of law , smelling of elitism and monarchical whims . '' https : //t.co/onRkGIN8XZ
https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf https : //t.co/l6VwjZjmca
Forget social media influence , let 's talk actual regime change efforts : Iran , Guatemala , South Vietnam , Chile , Nicaragua , Grenada , Serbia , Iraq , Libya , Syria , and Ukraine . All by the U.S. https : //t.co/qosn0JRKkj
`` Imagine dozens of aisles of garden gnomes , welcome mats , rugs , brass urns , and hundreds of other tchotchkes and trinkets . Then imagine , if you will , the tens of thousands of similar stores across the country , filled to the brim with the same junk . '' https : //t.co/OGNOUYoNNG
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/ywGbqgDu5d https : //t.co/hk5FZI7cHG
`` The wars haven ’ t brought prosperity : just the opposite . They haven ’ t reaffirmed traditional sex roles or Christianity or family values , all of which are challenged by veterans coming home with missing limbs or mangled minds . '' https : //t.co/5XXcQYGrdH
https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf https : //t.co/G146I9zeG3
`` If some poor souls can ’ t tell the difference between Hustler and Venus , that ’ s a shame , but it ’ s not the legal system ’ s job to coddle the aesthetically illiterate . '' https : //t.co/YckCdpi5ao
From the archives : `` Devotion to the Rule of Law has an ugly side in resentment of executive acts of mercy . '' https : //t.co/onRkGIvxzp https : //t.co/hRUXVKaleU
`` More essential to freedom than rights or laws is something like chivalry . '' https : //t.co/4ppqvXWlYj
NEW Rand Paul on TAC : 'why on earth has this administration picked someone to run the Agency who was instrumental in running a place where people were tortured and then covered it up afterwards ? '
https : //t.co/VzDj5DQrXK
@ RonPaulInstitut @ Antiwarcom @ catoletters https : //t.co/ddrca0EbHU
RT @ JohnKiriakou : Expect the CIA to say that the sky is falling . When Congress Tests Authority , Military Brings Out Big Guns | The America…
The postwar philosophical conservatives ' distinguishing characteristic was not what they were against but what they were for : restoring the roots of civilized conduct in literature , philosophy , and personal character . https : //t.co/LYWCtGMfj0
`` John Mellencamp is a walking contradiction : a self-identified redneck but politically liberal ; a world famous musician who has married or dated models and actresses , but who never had a permanent residence outside southern Indiana . '' https : //t.co/SAvLEW8ve6 https : //t.co/Lds6Ob7WOA
RT @ CFMcElwee : Happy St. Patrick 's Day ! Revisit the experience of the Irish who settled in northeastern Pennsylvania . My @ amconmag on the # …
There are prizes for stuff like this . At least there 's one prize for human-architecture . https : //t.co/mxrpytCAaI https : //t.co/nA6Hexmvx6
This Irish writer 's `` literary localism is nationalism of the right kind . '' https : //t.co/7EpH4U8IFA

# SaintPatricksDay https : //t.co/dVoV0uUkhu
How # Kushner and # UAE meddling ( against ) # Qatar in # blockade got so bad it reportedly became part of the # Mueller investigation . We asked Qatar ambassador : https : //t.co/un1qa6fHQl https : //t.co/DTrj4lR7pY
Rough week ? 'Hope is on the way ! ' Happy Saint Patrick 's Day from TAC -- and check out @ RandPaul and our best from @ markperrydc @ WeMeantWell @ Vlahos_at_TAC @ ad_mastro @ MattPurple @ jowilliams293 @ stb5g5 @ GrecianFormula @ ZacharyYost @ RossAMarchand & amp ; more !
https : //t.co/xGLXA1Lc8S https : //t.co/QY7Yr1sSCR
Micah Mattix and Rod Dreher on the need for conservatives to tell stories : https : //t.co/JFTAVPPrww https : //t.co/dI9Mf7mobA
In exclusive op-ed @ TAC @ RandPaul does n't mince words on # Pompeo # Haspel noms : `` I want to continue making America great again . That won ’ t happen if we give power-hungry neocons the reins to our nation ’ s foreign policy '' https : //t.co/VzDj5DQrXK https : //t.co/uvxZ0vnI7z
`` Having too many communities and not enough nationality has exposed us to the identity crisis described by Edward Everett Hale in his novella 'The Man Without a Country . ' '' https : //t.co/GpB33Q0Psm
While trade is in the news , from the archives : https : //t.co/bS6B3jxwf0
`` David Lean employed wide-angle lenses and a sweeping score to create his mythic Lawrence . Max Boot relies on analogous literary techniques to create a mythic Lansdale . Given a choice , I prefer the movie . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hw5v3u
https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP https : //t.co/EZztuIPCNq
`` America has been at war in Afghanistan for the entire adult life of any voter under 30 . '' https : //t.co/5XXcQYoQm9
`` Ordinary people know that slippery slope is a figment of the libertines ’ fetid imaginations . This isn ’ t about Italian sculpture and French painting—it ’ s about girlie mags and stag films . '' https : //t.co/YckCdpi5ao
https : //t.co/ywGbqgV4WL https : //t.co/kvmYqZf2M2
https : //t.co/mxrpytkZja https : //t.co/ziBBjJ7WDX
https : //t.co/TKMf4K11RP https : //t.co/jPjlEZwKMe
`` Don ’ t you think being born here , and loving the place and the people , along with the system of government , means something ? '' https : //t.co/bsCc4pLvDL
# Qatar Ambassador Al-Thani on the 13 demands issued to his country by blockaders Saudi Arabia , Egypt , UAE and Bahrain : “ They were issued because they knew they would not be met . They infringe on our sovereignty '' https : //t.co/iiZDofql3g https : //t.co/LsjuwYJAoE
https : //t.co/N8N0hw5v3u https : //t.co/bFiKqvjgdR
`` Eventually smashing your opponent ’ s head in during a street brawl will be the only language of persuasion that people understand . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1khonSD
Would you feel thankful or insulted ? https : //t.co/crRvlmB6GY
Look out ! https : //t.co/zZIwjwBkr9 https : //t.co/ubr8ZpMj0z
`` The Libyan War makes clear what the Iraq War made confusing : There is a difference between conservatives who believe in a strong national defense and neoconservatives who believe in policing the world under the guise of national defense . '' https : //t.co/0fwnpagLzF
This might be worth reading even more after Lamb 's victory : https : //t.co/TI0fG7wM1r
In 1980 Milwaukee , fans of kielbasa and cheap beer gathered to change politics forever : https : //t.co/S8ugjTunVL
https : //t.co/QgeItF3kR9 https : //t.co/rxC9UNC896
`` Issuing half-impish , half-Delphic pronouncements in the flat intonations of a speech-generating device , Hawking came to be the very embodiment of the triumph of the human mind over matter . '' https : //t.co/ywGbqgDu5d
READ : TAC 's Bob Merry defends the concept of tariffs through American history w/ @ johnfkirby63 @ CNN https : //t.co/RxteSl7t1O
Sen. Rand Paul on TAC tonight : `` I want to continue making America great again . That won ’ t happen if we give power-hungry neocons the reins to our nation ’ s foreign policy ''
https : //t.co/VzDj5DQrXK # Pompeo # Haspel https : //t.co/WBBeCRRJh8
What do you think of the Qatari ambassador ? https : //t.co/iiZDof8KbI
`` The minute someone from either group opens his mouth the other side stops listening . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1kh6Mu3
RT @ johnfkirby63 : When @ POTUS announced his tariff plan , he cited William McKinley . Got me thinking ... what ’ s all that about ? So , I asked…
Sorry GOP , a good economy ( if it holds ) wo n't guarantee midterm victories . Buchanan : https : //t.co/TKMf4K11RP
New at TAC : @ RandPaul explains why he 's fighting neocon nominees Gina Haspel and Mike Pompeo . https : //t.co/EvX3Sw6zxZ https : //t.co/9qrumse0kR
`` Max Boot is a journalist , historian , and unabashed imperialist . He remains today a staunch proponent of empire . Whether this qualifies as evidence of principle or madness is a matter of taste , I suppose . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
`` The relentless violence against civilians was more than the activity of a few sociopaths : it was policy . This was a war fought along Fordist principles ... the slaughter was industrial in scale . '' https : //t.co/8blkCzeEZt
`` Of about 40 small storefronts , 13 are currently sitting empty . One or two stores that are occupied are “ marginal ” businesses , like the closeout warehouse stocked mostly with returned electronics and smashed cereal boxes . '' https : //t.co/OGNOUYoNNG
Ronald Reagan addressed a packed hall of kraut-and-kielbasa-eating working class Dems in Wisconsin . He won . https : //t.co/S8ugjTLYNj
`` All of this talk about how Tillerson was an ineffective diplomat just isn ’ t true . '' They did n't like him because he *was* a diplomat . https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm
From the archives : `` As Turse writes and Burns omits , 'U.S . commanders wasted ammunition like millionaires and hoarded American lives like misers , and often treated Vietnamese lives as if they were worth nothing at all . ' '' https : //t.co/ly2MDwm8zP
`` I no longer laugh at people trying to warn us of what is happening , I laugh at those who deny it . '' https : //t.co/8FLmAB4ZiG
`` The effects of military defeat on social order can be revolutionary . '' That 's why conservatives should hate war . https : //t.co/93A7S5JJaw
`` We should praise the effort to elevate architecture and urbanism to as important an activity in civilization-building as any other art , science , or civic activity . '' https : //t.co/mxrpytCAaI
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/iiZDofql3g https : //t.co/OjNBk02KVU
`` 'A CofE bishop told me that he ‘ personally believed the Bible ’ s teaching on sexuality–but I can ’ t say so in public for fear of upsetting people. ’ The lack of clarity from the Church leads to a situation where the Prime Minister of the UK declares ' '' : https : //t.co/8WhOfbd9Jt https : //t.co/rpK6xdPmEw
`` With jodhpurs and pith helmets back in fashion , the empire could revive , bigger and better than before . Well , as Jake Barnes says to Lady Brett at the end of The Sun Also Rises , 'Isn ’ t it pretty to think so ? ' '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
`` He kept an open mind . Despite hovering halfway between atheism and agnosticism , he met with four popes and was a long-time member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences . '' https : //t.co/ywGbqgDu5d
`` What if the American way of life is an accident of history ? '' https : //t.co/GdE7qEgqkW
There 's only one way to test Kim Jong Un - give him everything he wants : https : //t.co/DNVod3f53W
Haywire politics is religion when there 's no religion . https : //t.co/QgeItELJZB
Rape , massacre , torture , killing-for-sport , poisoning crops and water , indiscriminate bombing : `` This was the unredeemable essence of our Vietnam War . '' https : //t.co/8blkCzeEZt
There 's nothing conservative about this : https : //t.co/EJhDxVmXX2 https : //t.co/91UdRJaD49
Even college debates , supposedly a bastion of reason , are `` based on a ‘ more left-wing than thou ’ strategy designed to appeal to the political leanings of the debate community . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1khonSD
`` Ultimately the biggest challenge Democrats still face is that most of their national activists are in no mood to behave like Conor Lamb . '' https : //t.co/h41fUbR3RD
`` 'The Road Not Taken ' is the legend of T.E . Lawrence transported to Southeast Asia . '' https : //t.co/N8N0hwn6s4
`` For over a decade , the Driehaus Prize , which is administered by the University of Notre Dame , has sought to recognize architects who would otherwise be ignored by the stifling ideology of the architectural establishment . '' https : //t.co/mxrpytCAaI
`` The problem for Republicans may be found in a truism : when the economy is poor , the economy is the issue . When the economy is good , something else is the issue . '' https : //t.co/TKMf4KiCJn
`` This is the kind of talk that leaves one wondering whether the looming civic battle over the definition of America—the globalist vision versus the nationalist one—can be adjudicated through peaceful democratic means . '' https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
Qatari ambassador on Gulf neighbors ' demands : `` They were issued because they knew they would not be met . They infringe on our sovereignty . '' https : //t.co/iiZDofql3g
`` It is impossible to accept Max Boot ’ s description of Lansdale as wise or well-intentioned or even minimally competent . '' Bacevich : https : //t.co/N8N0hw5v3u
From the archives : `` Christian and Stoic were not so far apart . These two Celtic minds embraced the Platonic , Stoic , Ciceronian , Pauline , and Augustinian understanding of a reality beyond this world . '' https : //t.co/JZLk3UdGPe
`` The idea of true freedom as realized behind the wheel forgets the long Anglophone tradition of liberty as the lack of an ongoing threat of bodily harm . '' https : //t.co/mw2JH59UgQ
It is n't a last gasp ; it 's a new beginning , one that 's rallying a new breed of young traditionalists : https : //t.co/YckCdpi5ao
TAC Afternoon Edition : @ stb5g5 on Stephen Hawking : `` He was an explorer . He plumbed the physical architecture of the universe . He certainly didn ’ t belong alongside the Kardashians . '' https : //t.co/ywGbqgDu5d https : //t.co/KkvXiTo91p
`` Nick Turse is sick of hearing about My Lai not because it wasn ’ t an appalling war crime but because the event , now fashioned as a horrific one-off anomaly , has perversely absolved the rest of the war . '' https : //t.co/8blkCzeEZt
`` Despite my professor ’ s and Paine ’ s attacks on Burke , I managed to come away with a deep , though not uncritical , appreciation for his ideas and sentiments . '' https : //t.co/wRYlrEmIUS
RT @ stb5g5 : Stephen Hawking : Messenger from the Universe | The American Conservative https : //t.co/Tj2vDXlklz via @ amconmag
With @ googlemaps historical imagery , `` the detritus of consumer capitalism is given a second life , and a second death . '' Go exploring : https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP
There are prizes for stuff like this . At least there 's one prize for human-architecture . https : //t.co/mxrpytkZja https : //t.co/cK9oVPBiFA
`` If the Fed did not retain the power to control the money supply , then the fate of New Jersey and Illinois , and beyond of Greece and Argentina , would become our national destiny . '' https : //t.co/TKMf4K11RP https : //t.co/Lx49VUhvmm
`` One senses that this , and not amateur porn or endless imported trinkets a la Amazon , is probably the sort of thing that the inventors and early enthusiasts of the Internet were hoping for . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP
Against a backdrop of the Tillerson firing and revelations of Kushner 's meddling in Qatar , the Qatari ambassador sits down with @ Vlahos_at_TAC on neighborhood bullies , Iran , and the relationship with America . https : //t.co/iiZDofql3g https : //t.co/6vxA6Wryk7
There is no doubt that few other fields have as much impact on our everyday lives . There are a few prizes in the field , but only one or two which recognize traditional , human-scale architecture . https : //t.co/kCJgEuWl6p https : //t.co/oX5GVYBnrj
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/GHdq7E03cg https : //t.co/bIKgq2Vb5E
`` 'Just because they happen to live here , that doesn ’ t make them Americans . ' I inquired , 'So what does ? ' '' https : //t.co/bsCc4pLvDL https : //t.co/QsuhaIp6S3
`` What if Fukuyama was wrong and liberal democracy is not the end of the history after all ? What if , on the contrary , the American way of life is an accident of history ? '' https : //t.co/GdE7qDYPto
`` Through Antifa and the alt-right we can already see where the breakdown of the ability to communicate leads : violence . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1kh6Mu3
The anti-Trump neocons ' `` calls for the head of T-Rex put them in league with the fire-breathing reactionaries of the primitive right . '' https : //t.co/ChTDy6giqM
Your romantic dinner might be on Google Maps too : https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP https : //t.co/gNSiFpqvSD
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6 https : //t.co/ntlU7s0AoS
`` 40 years of communism served as a vaccination against susceptibility to ideological extremism , and that this might be why even atheists ( most Czechs are atheists ) find the gender theory types to be crackpots . '' https : //t.co/8FLmABmAHg
`` Savvy Democrats are taking on the political coloration of their districts and states , rather than the national party of Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama , and Bernie Sanders . '' Does the GOP have a counter-strategy ? Buchanan : https : //t.co/OrpOmdZhlO
`` Real conservatives hate war . If that now sounds as strange as thinking of blue as the conservative color , we can thank a bunch of ( ex ? ) -Trotskyites who stole our name . '' https : //t.co/93A7S5JJaw
NEW : @ Vlahos_at_TAC sits down with Qatari ambassador to talk about Al Jazeera , the blockade , relations with Iran , and more : https : //t.co/xZeNV0HQwQ https : //t.co/p5EbyIZs68
Andrew Bacevich challenges new @ MaxBoot book claiming we could have won Vietnam . `` Unfortunately , where 'The Road Not Taken ' needs to be the strongest , it is weakest . '' https : //t.co/UTIv4ZR4w2 https : //t.co/o4GV0gId58
`` I no longer laugh at people trying to warn us of what is happening , I laugh at those who deny it . '' https : //t.co/8FLmABmAHg
The My Lai Massacre was 50 years ago . But the focus on My Lai can give the impression that the rest of the war was innocent . In reality , `` There was nothing exceptional about My Lai . '' @ ChaseMadar @ nickturse https : //t.co/8blkCyX3AT https : //t.co/tA9KpHU8nB
`` We ’ ll be lucky , when the dust settles , if we can land back in an early 19th century level of activity , but we could go full medieval , or worse . '' https : //t.co/GJ57Em4uC0
How a formidable network of beltway players were paid for years to whitewash blemishes and promote the Saudi Kingdom 's interests : https : //t.co/zK3rUb04su
`` We used to hang out with Reiki masters , witches , shamans , and a miscellany of hippies who advocate nudity , polyamory , moral relavitism , and postmodern deconstruction of everything . Now we go to Mass . We pray the rosary . '' https : //t.co/XMv5UV8lH9
RT @ markperrydc : A terrifically well-written and compelling must-read from @ Vlahos_at_TAC with Qatari ambassador Meshal bin Hamad Al Thani.…
NEW Buchanan : For the GOP , the ’ 30s were the dreadful decade -- are we headed back there ? https : //t.co/jeFJxCZt90 https : //t.co/HLbalNOqmy
`` All of this talk about how Tillerson was an ineffective diplomat just isn ’ t true . '' They did n't like him because he *was* a diplomat . https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm
Ronald Reagan addressed a packed hall of kraut-and-kielbasa-eating working class Dems in Wisconsin . Then he won . https : //t.co/S8ugjTunVL
Is she the biggest threat to America ? https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6 https : //t.co/30Jz8IckOJ
`` Of about 40 small storefronts , 13 are currently sitting empty . One or two stores that are occupied are “ marginal ” businesses , like the closeout warehouse stocked mostly with returned electronics and smashed cereal boxes . '' https : //t.co/OGNOUYGpcg https : //t.co/C9eErWHmu9
Published 40 years ago , his book on antitrust law fundamentally changed America 's economy for the worse . https : //t.co/JfixJSpcmr
David Hume , conservative ? https : //t.co/tYTsn4rW43
`` One point about the Titanic . People said at the time that ‘ God could not sink her. ’ They believed that God was on their side due to their technological ability and cultural superiority . '' https : //t.co/8WhOfbd9Jt
`` Hunting for old images on these Google apps is something like metal detecting—you never know what you ’ ll find or how interesting it is , but there is nonetheless a certain thrill in the activity . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP
`` Real conservatives hate war . If that now sounds as strange as thinking of blue as the conservative color , we can thank a bunch of ( ex ? ) -Trotskyites who stole our name . '' https : //t.co/93A7S61k24
`` For the low church conservative , a popular broadcaster such as Rush Limbaugh possesses greater authority than a scholar such as Russell Kirk . '' https : //t.co/akOKTd52N1
`` One senses that this , and not amateur porn or endless imported trinkets a la Amazon , is probably the sort of thing that the inventors and early enthusiasts of the Internet were hoping for . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf
https : //t.co/Ncf1khonSD https : //t.co/Kzsp2Vpeqs
Under inclusion riders , `` the rainbow line-up of chosen minorities are left in little doubt as to where their gratitude must be directed . This is the most nauseating form of patronage imaginable . '' https : //t.co/crRvlmB6GY
https : //t.co/S8ugjTLYNj https : //t.co/qZHQuXfMN0
https : //t.co/QgeItELJZB https : //t.co/6Tro28wIs4
`` The center is not holding . We know this . The important thing is that we are not destined to collapse with the rest of it . '' https : //t.co/oPZCncdLoj
https : //t.co/DNVod3f53W https : //t.co/jqRQ4VjZ6Q
https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm https : //t.co/cftyhKnMEF
`` The inside of a store will sometimes have Street View imagery . Like an old 'point-and-click ' PC game where only a few of the doors open , you can make your way down a street virtually , clicking at every shop door until you ’ re suddenly transported inside . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/Cjbj4wVTIh
`` Vets recall throwing in everything from batteries , unexploded ordnance and paint cans to medical waste ( including body parts ) and styrofoam , and then lighting it up with diesel fuel ... a raging , never ceasing black plume straight out of hell . '' https : //t.co/1ZLuliYGDs
`` A particular position becomes 'conservative ' because the donor base of what calls itself the conservative movement want its beneficiaries to advocate for it . '' That does n't define real conservatism . https : //t.co/cYZibTJXJw
Thoughts ? https : //t.co/zDkko4hL0X https : //t.co/Zw9EWnGafY
`` It is not as if Twitter will bring down the whole of our Roman empire . The road from tweeting to tyranny is neither steep nor straight . But it leads downhill all the same . '' https : //t.co/La4AbHgSbx
RT @ profmusgrave : I am here for @ LewisMcCrary and the war on cars ( new readers should know that urbanism posts are this account ’ s B-side ) h…
NEW : Professor Andrew Bacevich takes on @ MaxBoot 's new book hailing Edward Landsdale as the T.E . Lawrence of # Vietnam https : //t.co/DbTqsPqj8H https : //t.co/K33XjRyKSi
NEW : Big noise about tiny Qatar as it squares off against blockading countries , powerful Beltway forces . @ Vlahos_at_TAC interviews @ Amb_AlThani
https : //t.co/un1qa6fHQl https : //t.co/Al4DEgWYQK
`` The idea of true freedom as realized behind the wheel also forgets the long Anglophone tradition of liberty as the lack of an ongoing threat of bodily harm . '' https : //t.co/mw2JH5rv8o
`` Eventually smashing your opponent ’ s head in during a street brawl will be the only language of persuasion that people understand . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1kh6Mu3
In 1980 , Reagan addressed a packed hall of kraut-and-kielbasa-eating working class Dems in Wisconsin . Then he won . https : //t.co/S8ugjTunVL
Elite academic urbanists think the Jetsons is a documentary . https : //t.co/lQhPqtbxBQ
`` Interventionists seem uninterested in the near-impossibility of rebuilding North Korea after the regime ’ s fall . It wouldn ’ t be like purging Iraq of Ba ’ athism : it would be like purging Iraq of Islam . '' https : //t.co/QgeItF3kR9
After he tried to resolve the Qatar fiasco ( doing his diplomatic job , that is ) , top neocons and Gulf operatives decided they wanted him out : https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm
The best libertarians are dead ones ( but not like that ! ) Kauffman : https : //t.co/ywNQtRfeeO
`` Augustine ’ s statement positions the seat of human character and creaturehood in the heart , not the head , suggesting that our proper end is devotion , not cognition . '' https : //t.co/X96nNLAXGM
`` 'Yes , Democrats can win in Trump Country , ' a conservative wag might aver , 'so long as they ’ re actually Republicans'—and so long as those Republicans are actually old-line Democrats . American politics is nothing if not fluid . '' https : //t.co/h41fUc8EJb
Look out ! https : //t.co/zZIwjwBkr9 https : //t.co/HkWWUv81Vp
https : //t.co/tYTsn4rW43 https : //t.co/AKUV6jC7D4
`` Edmund Burke might not like what American conservatism has become , with its devotion to abstract rights , democracy , and perpetual growth . '' https : //t.co/akOKTd52N1
`` This all brings to mind an amusing formulation of Plutarch ’ s famous Ship of Theseus thought experiment : if none of the original stores or landmarks remain along a highway , is it the same highway ? '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf
In 1980 Milwaukee , Reagan spoke , and fans of kielbasa and cheap beer gathered to change politics forever : https : //t.co/S8ugjTLYNj
`` Movement conservatism is a kind of Protestantism . The Constitution fills the role of the Bible . It is immutable , if not infallible . '' https : //t.co/QgeItF3kR9
`` It is a fair bet that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in American economics textbooks . '' https : //t.co/ORL2KC5nsZ
Rex Tillerson might have been an amateur diplomat , but his enemies opposed him because he believed in diplomacy at all . https : //t.co/ChTDy6giqM
If we lose the ability to think and debate , we 'll fight . `` Through Antifa and the alt-right we can already see where the breakdown of the ability to communicate leads : violence . '' https : //t.co/Ncf1kh6Mu3
`` Thanks to Mark Zuckerberg , the final frontier of anonymity and equality , where anybody could be everybody or nobody has given way to digital suburbia . '' https : //t.co/La4AbHyt35 https : //t.co/dTxhp2dGM4
Dreher : `` Believe me , I was never so happy for the merciful Orthodox pastoral teaching that it ’ s a greater sin to refuse hospitality than to break the fast . '' https : //t.co/UZCkMFFwI0 https : //t.co/uEeIxM7xPy
Czech communism is gone , but Vaclav Benda 's household is still going strong : https : //t.co/PccWmN5Wfb https : //t.co/RnmaY49YpH
`` If progressives have seemingly emerged triumphant in the culture wars , then surely Trump deserves credit for carrying them across the goal line . '' https : //t.co/VkJmOSAdDJ
`` Burke saw that total criticism demands total transformation , which demands total control . All the horrors of the 'totalitarian ' regimes of the 20th century were intimated in Burke ’ s insight into the French Revolution . '' https : //t.co/tYTsn4akFt
`` What if Fukuyama was wrong and liberal democracy is not the end of the history after all ? What if , on the contrary , the American way of life is an accident of history ? '' https : //t.co/GdE7qDYPto
Mattis thinks ending the war in Yemen would make America more vulnerable to terrorism . Someone needs to learn about `` blowback . '' https : //t.co/qkcQ2F7Iel
`` The state Republican leadership was locked up for Ford : they ran around with exclusive golf club memberships and sat on the symphony board . '' But the GOP won in 1980 , and it was n't because of `` Ford Democrats . '' https : //t.co/S8ugjTunVL
`` American politics makes more sense if we look at the issue through a sectarian lens . There are fundamental , almost metaphysical , differences between the various factions vying for control of the republic . '' https : //t.co/QgeItELJZB
It 's long past due to direct a little skepticism toward the untrammeled free market - by rediscovering early conservative greats : https : //t.co/tOjLFxSZqD
Kim suggested he might denuclearlize . Here 's how to test him : https : //t.co/DNVod2XtFm
For the neocons , `` Rex Tillerson ’ s chief sin wasn ’ t that he had a 'low familiarity with the work of diplomacy , ' but that he believed in it at all . '' https : //t.co/ChTDy6giqM
`` When Putin invaded Crimea mere partisans viewed it as an act of brutal aggression against a foreign country , no matter that the United States and NATO have pushed more and more deeply into the old Russian sphere of interest . '' https : //t.co/gin62WeTu5
`` What all this had to do with democracy is unclear , although the NED ’ s role in advancing U.S. imperial interests is beyond doubt . '' https : //t.co/a1h5kxTvTq
The Dems have left themselves `` without a Tea Party , a new ethos infused with fresh ideas that seeks a break with the past , and turned them instead into an antimatter movement . '' https : //t.co/h41fUc8EJb
TAC Afternoon Edition : @ ZacharyYost on how insipid debates and lack of critical thinking bode poorly for civil peace : https : //t.co/Ncf1khonSD https : //t.co/3CCnzwT1xW
`` An increasing number of American churches are shorn of their liturgical , theological splendor to become gyms and apartment complexes . '' https : //t.co/fWPk4ePmWu
`` The calcification of its political system into two parties whose voter preferences increasingly can be predicted on the basis of race , religion , and social class . '' Too bad that describes America . https : //t.co/I1YGmKGHsZ
Will future historians rely on Google Maps ? Maybe : https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf
Ronald Reagan addressed a packed hall of kraut-and-kielbasa-eating working class Dems in Wisconsin . Then he won . https : //t.co/S8ugjTLYNj https : //t.co/oXUQDeTuv2
Man will have his faith - it will either be genuine religion , or the cheap substitute of political cults . https : //t.co/QgeItELJZB https : //t.co/5Vwt6OnHK5
`` If Pyongyang turned down such a generous offer , we would at least be certain that there is no chance whatsoever that North Korea will be willing to return to nuclear virginity . '' https : //t.co/DNVod2XtFm https : //t.co/6Po72iFw9t
`` All of this talk about how Tillerson was an ineffective diplomat just isn ’ t true . '' They did n't like because he *was* a diplomat . https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm https : //t.co/RbMU6L7j5g
`` He is such an ideologue that he would keep information from the president that contradicts his views and prevent Trump from getting the best available advice . '' https : //t.co/zZIwjwBkr9 https : //t.co/Yl7NGE03No
Is she the biggest threat to America ? https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6 https : //t.co/I9O8i9Gs6y
Even if you hate the Iran deal , keep it - getting rid of it will blow any chance North Korea trusts us . https : //t.co/UJV1Gd4O65
RT @ MichaelDavisCH : `` Either we find our politics in authentic religion , or some weird new sect will arise from its choked and twisted roots…
From the archives : Everyone needs liturgy . It can be virtuous or religious , or secular and consumeristic . https : //t.co/fWPk4ePmWu
RT @ CalNBC : My father still thinks stuff matters . `` The Political Forces Behind Rex Tillerson ’ s Firing '' | The American Conservative https : //…
`` Most Americans seem to think the only alternatives are either protected , pristine wilderness on the one hand or mountaintop-removal mining on the other . Berry wants the mean between these excesses—'a landscape that humans have used well . ' '' https : //t.co/qV74YFVMMB
Reflections on the 1980 campaign trail , when Reagan spoke to a packed house of working-class folks in Wisconsin , who could have been Republicans all along : https : //t.co/S8ugjTLYNj https : //t.co/krglQHAFIO
NEW from @ MichaelDavisCH : `` All true philosophies must opt between these two hypotheses : either we find our politics in authentic religion , or some weird new sect will arise from its choked and twisted roots . '' https : //t.co/QgeItF3kR9
NEW from Ted Carpenter : In exchange for denuclearization , Trump should offer a Korean peace treaty , diplomatic recognition , and an end to economic sanctions . Either Kim accepts , or we call his bluff . https : //t.co/DNVod2XtFm https : //t.co/t9rUZkU6Ql
NEW from @ markperrydc : Anti-Trump neocons ' `` calls for the head of T-Rex put them in league with the fire-breathing reactionaries of the primitive right . '' Be careful what you wish for : https : //t.co/ChTDy6xTPm https : //t.co/uqWrRyeEms
`` One day a future historian may come across such an image and find it notable for the restaurant patrons ’ now-obsolete style of dress , or for the now-defunct channel playing on the television . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf https : //t.co/ebLKwWtKoo
Really ? We 're paying too *much* attention to globalization 's losers ? https : //t.co/7wScRHBKFy
NEW @ EliotACohen and @ mdubowitz certainly got their wish w/ # Tillerson ouster . @ markperrydc dives into how certain well-placed beltway and foreign interests made sure it happened https : //t.co/CAJABF0Js4 https : //t.co/ali4HRXL7P
Colorful eye-witness account of what is being hailed as the `` first '' Reagan Democrat rally -- March 26 , 1980 at Serb Hall in Milwaukee
https : //t.co/9Y6evO94Fm https : //t.co/M8K3JOtQ00
Globalism 's losers are outnumbered , one writer for the neoconservative magazine says , and now it 's time to `` overwhelm '' them . https : //t.co/7wScRHBKFy
`` Ultimately the biggest challenge Democrats still face is that most of their national activists are in no mood to behave like Conor Lamb . '' https : //t.co/h41fUbR3RD
Good morning -- NEW @ michaeldavisCH : Is all politics religion ? https : //t.co/iXhgYcQgBC
Is Donald Trump a statesman ? Do n't say no . https : //t.co/gin62VXi5v
From the archives : Mencken had a New Urbanist and cultural-conservative bent . https : //t.co/qvv9ab2zTO
Are we really paying too *much* attention to globalization 's losers ? https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
The Pentagon should n't be exempt from calls for small government and fiscal sanity . https : //t.co/2CPUROSTVm
`` The real danger is that he is such an ideologue that he would keep information from the president that contradicts his views and prevent Trump from getting the best available advice . '' https : //t.co/zZIwjwjJ2z
`` 40 years of communism served as a vaccination against susceptibility to ideological extremism , and that this might be why even atheists ( most Czechs are atheists ) find the gender theory types to be crackpots . '' https : //t.co/8FLmABmAHg
https : //t.co/2CPUROSTVm https : //t.co/nxXDtEohke
https : //t.co/h41fUc8EJb https : //t.co/tIBEZ5mmzl
https : //t.co/gin62VXi5v https : //t.co/yhifFuAC9S
https : //t.co/gQdLiGZtrH https : //t.co/rkV863z5aG
https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6 https : //t.co/Ng7PxUmvLU
Rod 's publishing team , and great food : https : //t.co/pDP0XfvPKC
`` We can understand that the Czech people had no choice but to live with this stuff . But how do you explain that Americans actually paid to build horrors like this in our cities ? '' https : //t.co/6slX0OBx1G
Here 's something big tech is good for : https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP
`` The center is not holding . We know this . The important thing is that we are not destined to collapse with the rest of it . '' https : //t.co/oPZCncdLoj
'I was there at the Reagan Democrats coming out party ' -- Bob Dohnal on one night in Milwaukee that changed how Republicans saw working class voters forever https : //t.co/9Y6evNRtgM
@ CraigSBPA @ KevinMcVicker https : //t.co/rH7Q5mb0RQ
RT @ CurtMills : The Political Forces Behind Rex Tillerson ’ s Firing ;
from my friend @ MarkPerryDC @ amconmag https : //t.co/BO40WqzuMw
The Dems have left themselves `` without a Tea Party , a new ethos infused with fresh ideas that seeks a break with the past , and turned them instead into an antimatter movement . '' https : //t.co/h41fUc8EJb
NEW : TAC 's @ markperrydc goes behind curtain and finds cast of neoconservatives , partisan reactionaries and foreign interests who wanted # Tillerson out -- and they got their way . https : //t.co/CAJABF0Js4 https : //t.co/jctoPSe8o7
`` Not enough attention has been paid to how truly remarkable it is that Donald Trump was elected president . Political scientists and seasoned political journalists will tell you how utterly difficult it is for an aspiring politician to reach the presidency '' https : //t.co/gin62WeTu5
If it works it might be a greater victory than Nixon 's opening to China . And if it does n't ? https : //t.co/gQdLiGHSA9
The level of danger they pose to Western civilization is comparable to that posed by the Soviets during the Cold War . Who are they ? According to Noah Rothman of @ Commentary , the struggling Trump-voting working class . https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
`` The rainbow line-up of chosen minorities are left in little doubt as to where their gratitude must be directed . This is the most nauseating form of patronage imaginable . '' https : //t.co/crRvlmB6GY
You might miss Tillerson : https : //t.co/IONQFAkAhh
`` Adding to the strangeness is the dissonance caused by using a cutting-edge , partially crowdsourced , semi-autonomous computer application to observe snapshots of the past . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4zRqQf
Look out ! https : //t.co/zZIwjwBkr9 https : //t.co/hirIFpgoyS
Mencken , conservative ? https : //t.co/qvv9ab2zTO
The Pentagon should n't be exempt from calls for small government and fiscal sanity . https : //t.co/2CPUROSTVm
Is Donald Trump a statesman ? https : //t.co/gin62WeTu5
The regime `` will splatter the photo of any handshake between the portly pariah of Pyongyang and President Trump on every billboard across the hermit kingdom . '' A meeting should occur , but not a propaganda victory for Kim . https : //t.co/gQdLiGHSA9
Globalism 's losers are outnumbered , one writer for the neoconservative magazine says , and now it 's time to `` overwhelm '' them . https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6
`` Ultimately the biggest challenge Democrats still face is that most of their national activists are in no mood to behave like Conor Lamb . '' https : //t.co/h41fUbR3RD
`` If we are going to learn to live with a nuclear-armed North Korea , it is important for our government to start having regular diplomatic contacts with theirs . '' https : //t.co/Gkocy5BUON
`` Bolton ’ s name has been floated for top jobs in the administration before , but I get the sinking feeling that this time it might really happen . '' https : //t.co/zZIwjwBkr9
`` Most Americans seem to think the only alternatives are either protected , pristine wilderness on the one hand or mountaintop-removal mining on the other . Berry wants the mean between these excesses—'a landscape that humans have used well . ' '' https : //t.co/qV74YFEbV3
`` If he can not find in church the same reality of God he knows for himself , or find in politics the care for one another he knows through his membership in a small community , he can not endorse a supposed good in the abstract . '' https : //t.co/qV74YFEbV3
`` When Vladimir Putin invaded Crimea mere partisans viewed it as an act of brutal aggression against a foreign country , no matter that the United States and NATO have pushed more and more deeply into the old Russian sphere of interest . '' https : //t.co/gin62VXi5v https : //t.co/LHyk9aYK7F
RT @ RSI : Co-hosted with @ amconmag @ TXCleanEnergy : Clean # Energy : How market-driven clean energy is transforming the Texas electric grid htt…
`` The Trump administration must never agree to a meeting in Pyongyang—ever . Kim would be handed the biggest propaganda victory in modern times . '' https : //t.co/gQdLiGHSA9
RT @ IslandPress : RT @ cnudc : EVENT : March 26 , join @ cnudc @ amconmag and cosponsors @ IslandPress @ ggwash @ betterDCregion @ SmartGrowthUSA and…
Are we really paying too *much* attention to globalization 's losers ? https : //t.co/7wScRHBKFy
`` One senses that this , and not amateur porn or endless imported trinkets a la Amazon , is probably the sort of thing that the inventors and early enthusiasts of the Internet were hoping for . '' https : //t.co/pxVL4A92eP
In Eastern Europe , `` people can not understand the insanity coming from America , the UK , and the EU on LGBT and gender theory . It is literally incomprehensible to them . '' https : //t.co/8FLmAB4ZiG
TAC afternoon edition : @ RossAMarchand -- The # Navy wants more than $ 1.5 billion in additional goodies -- after a record-setting budget was just signed . We want a # PentagonAudit . https : //t.co/fudXmF8wWq
@ PentagonBudget @ defpriorities @ mostrolenk @ https : //t.co/8XGORWGnaf
TAC Afternoon Edition : @ MattPurple on # ConorLamb -- A fresh face , but hardly a fresh start for Democrats . More : https : //t.co/6bT6zFfeDj https : //t.co/swB26JIqiC
`` America has been at war in Afghanistan for the entire adult life of any voter under 30 . '' https : //t.co/5XXcQYGrdH
`` We already know what kind of secretary of state Pompeo will be . '' We might miss Tillerson . https : //t.co/IONQFAkAhh
`` It is too early to assess the extent to which Donald Trump might represent statesmanship for our time . '' It 's still possible : https : //t.co/gin62VXi5v
Pay attention , says @ GrecianFormula : The U.S.-DPRK summit is one of the riskiest—and potentially most rewarding—foreign policy moves in history . https : //t.co/gQdLiGHSA9
Noah Rothman wants to marginalize populists until they go away . It wo n't work : `` Nothing stirs up the opposition forces quite like the kind of disdainful elitism seen in Rothman ’ s haughty musings on the 'populism problem . ' '' https : //t.co/7wScRHTlx6 https : //t.co/7uNcldxyU4
From the archives : `` What if he had gone from defending the gulags to being an opponent of gay marriage ? Would the Guardian have treated him any worse when he died at 95 as a one-time 'Marxist historian ' ? You bet it would . '' https : //t.co/mdZW0o1xdL
`` Pompeo ’ s hostility to one of America ’ s biggest diplomatic successes in decades should make clear that the man Trump is putting charge of the State Department shares the president ’ s deep disdain for diplomacy and the compromise it requires . '' https : //t.co/PTP1fDioOg
